	WOOOOOOW!!	I will make this one short and sweet :)Vegas is a magical city where you can do whatever your heart desires...as long as you have the cash! I am speaking of world class dining, over-the-top VIP treatment at clubs, high roller treatment at casinos, and uber luxurious spa treatments.On to the actual review of Planet HollywoodFIrst of all, the location is PRIME!! center strip. Located across from the bellagio and the new City center being constructed. If you plan to see the whole strip this would be a good place to stay, because its very near the middle of the strip, plus there is the Miracle Mile mall attached to it so you can shop for the essentials (alcohol, food, pharmacy stuff) rite downstairs without paying resort prices. We got a resort room with a view of the bellagio fountains and our pool area. No complains huge room, but the movie theme was a little weird, Baywatch, cool pics but not a baywatch fan. Also, the only real complain about the room was the position of the TV; it did not face the bed at all, you couldn't move it or the bed, you could only watch it from the chairs. Best part of the room was the washroom, HUGE, as big as a bedroom, not just his and her sinks, but his and her sides, separate sides for boys with their own toiletries and ladies sides with vanity and the works. In the middle huge open space, it has a giant soaker tub, standup shower with seat and of course a toilet with its own door.The atmosphere was rockstar-ish, everytime you went downstairs it was like a party was going on. Good place to get drinks and people watch, the pleasure pit is always fun and the prive the nite club was better than I thought it was going to be. The pool area can do with a little more PH style, it seems a little bland and almost family oriented, nice view of the paris tower though. To eat there is the earl of sandwich, good place to grab a bite, cheap. Tried spice market buffet, now my second fav buffet in Vegas, reasonably priced considering what you get.The overall impression is a good one, very hip and trendy, still has some work to do here and there, upgraded pool area is the most wanting. Service was friendly throughout the hotel, only had one issue with the maid, she wouldn't give me more towels than she thought I needed. Rooms are amazing, vibe is amazing, location is amazing, and dining is amazing!!!Planet Hollywood ROCKS!.p.s. Holly Madison just started headlining for Peepshow.....WooOoOoOOoOOOW!!	
	Planet Hollywood Las Vegas Review	huge rooms, great location as its in the middle of the strip and the buffet is amazing!!! the free bottle of whiskey and wine also helped!!	
	Highly Recommend perfect location on the Strip	We stayed here on the first part of a nine night trip to the States from 16 November. The hotel is located right on the middle of the strip making getting around so easy. On check in we didn't have to queue and the whole process took less that 5 mins. Our room was on 31st floor with a view of the strip and had two queen size beds, large bathroom and was spotlessly clean. The room also had a connecting door and when I asked if we could be moved to a room without one, we were upgraded to an even larger room with more luxurious bathroom for the inconvenience of moving. The whole complex is very big and can be a bit confusing finding your way around but everything soon clicks into place you find your bearings no problem. If I am ever lucky enough to return to Vegas I would stay at Planet Hollywood without hesitation.	
	Vegas	Up beat and hip, geared towards a younger crowd. But still very adult.	
Nov 22 2009 	Awesome	I stayed here for one night last Thursday night. I checked in at 3:00pm and was given a strip room. The rooms are large, very nice relaxing bedding, and oversized bathroom. My future stays in Vegas will be at Planet Hollywood.	
Nov 22 2009 	Awesome Stay at Planet Hollywood	My husband and I stayed at Planet Hollywood from November 17th - November 21st. We traveled to Las Vegas to see a friend make his WEC fighting debut (and he won!). We chose Planet Hollywood primarily because we got a fantastic deal on Vegas.com, and also because the reviews here at Trip Advisor were largely positive. We arrived at Planet Hollywood at about 6:15 pm on Tuesday evening; there was nobody waiting in line, and we were greeted and checked in right away by Trina, who was a big help. We had booked a 'Hollywood Hip' room with the 'Drinks Are On Us' promotion, which gets you a voucher for a bottle of liquor, wine or champagne from the gift shop. We asked about fountain-view rooms, and were able to get not only a fountain view but also a larger-sized Resort Suite for an additional $30 per night. The room was fantastic--better than I expected. We were on the 22nd floor, directly across from the Bellagio Fountains and had a view of the strip facing North. We could see the Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, the Paris, the Mirage and Rio all from our room. Although I had requested a King non-smoking, they only had the Resort Suite with two queen sized beds, which was fine. The room had two comfy, purple velvet lounge chairs, a large flat screen TV and a very big bathroom with dual vanities, large soaking tub, separate shower and private toilet. The room also had an office desk and chair, which hubby took over with this laptop and work stuff. The movie memoriablia in our room was from &quot;Beverly Hills Cop III&quot;. Lame! Our room was kept very clean during our stay. On our first morning, we noticed that one of our bedsheets had an odd stain on it. We left a note for Housekeeping pointing to the stain and asked them to please change the linens, and when we had returned later in the day it had been done. The bathroom was kept very clean and well stocked with towels, washcloths and little toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, skin lotion). I had read a lot of reviews that said the quality of the towels was poor, but ours were quite nice. In fact, they were a little bit linty--maybe new? The TV stand itself was kept very tidy, but the glasses and ice bucket were dusty, as though they hadn't been used or changed out in maybe a week or so. We never used them, so it didn't really matter. Our room's carpet was a little bit worn in the high traffic area in front of the beds, and had a couple of 'pulls' that made it look a bit shabby, but it was kept very clean during our stay.The hotel itself is really a cool place. It's also kept very clean and looks well-maintained. We never saw a single stain on the carpet, burned out lightbulb or signs of neglect or wear. The casino is huge and circular-shaped. We got a kick out of the 'Pleasure Pit', where the tables also have pole dancers. The girls are lovely and wear fun, costume-y outfits and dance to current pop and rock music while you gamble--awesome! They really love to portray the image of Hollywood and celebrity, as if celebrities come and stay there all the time. The hotel is full of crystal chandeliers and disco balls and is definitely geared towards the younger, hip crowd. There's music playing everywhere, all the time, and there is no shortage of 'beautiful people' who come to play, especially at night. We ate breakfast two mornings at Planet Dailies, a 24 hour coffee shop and restaurant located inside the Casino. We really enjoyed our meals here on both visits. They have a large menu, quick service, great coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice. I highly recommend the Moco Loco, the Breakfast of Champions! We also ate lunch once at the Spice Market Buffett, which was pretty unimpressive for the price. I would skip this one--go over to the Bellagio for their lunch buffet and prepare to be blown away. Wish we had! The Casino also has a full-sized, 24 hour Starbucks and several other restaurants and bars. We ordered room service one evening and took advantage of the &quot;Drinks Are On Us&quot; voucher. There is a great selection of liquor, wine and champagne--I think most anyone could find something they like. The room service menu is very large, and includes items from PF Changs, located inside the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood--yum! The meal arrived exactly when promised, hot and fresh, and was very good. It's also nice and very convenient to have the Miracle Mile shops attached to the hotel. There is tons of shopping. Convenience stores, clothing, restaurants, bars, ice cream...you name it, it's there. We were hit up many times during our stay about getting 'comped' because we were staying there, but the shows / tickets they were offering weren't all that interesting to us. Most times, a simple 'no, thanks' was all that was needed and they left us alone. We were only approaced once by the timeshare folks, but we never felt chased down or harrassed by anyone. The weather was not quite warm enough for us to be tempted to use the pool area, although there were a few die hard sunbathers out there during the days we were there. It seemed okay, pretty clean looking, but hard to tell how it would be since it is not the busy season.I read several reviews of Planet Hollywood that had concerns about air qualtiy in the hotel. I can tell you that I did notice that walking through the hotel hallways and in the elevators, the faint smell of cigarette smoke is always present. We are not smokers, and live in Austin, where smoking is prohibited most everywhere, so coming to Vegas is a little bit of a shock to the system, so to speak, as smoking is allowed most everywhere. We would expect the casino to be a bit smoky, and it was, although not overly so...but the hotel's ventilation did not seem to do a great job filtering it out. The air is extremely dry in Vegas to begin with, and every morning hubby and I woke up with sore throats, plugged sinuses and itchy eyes. Neither of us suffers from allergies of any kind, but it's hard to say whether what we experienced was truly the climate in Vegas or the hotel's air quality. It did make me wonder a bit, is all. Truly the only thing that was disappointing about Planet Hollywood was the walkway in front of the casino, which is under construction. There is a temporary walkway set up with concrete barriers, so walking is safe and out of traffic, but the walkway is clogged with those folks that 'flick' the porn cards at you. It's so annoying! Not to mention, the walkway is literally papered with those little cards, because people just take them and chuck them. It's kind of a shame--it's not really Planet Hollywood's fault, but it is really, really dirty along that stretch. I know that the sidewalks get covered wherever those folks are handing anything out...it's just particularly bad in front of Planet Hollywood. Tough to walk through that walkway every night also, knowing that you had to pass through the endless 'porn corridor' to get back to the hotel. It's not the content that bothered me (it is Vegas, after all), it's just the annoyance of their presence and the stupid litter they cause. We had to laugh, though, because at the very entrance of the porn corridor was a little man with a bell and a Salvation Army donation kettle, standing there diligently ringing his bell standing right next to the porn peddlers. Hats off to him! Overall, I would definitely stay at Planet Hollywood again, no question. We had a great time!	
Nov 21 2009 	The Rooms were made for Midgets	So we are locals, and the hollywood suite looked pretty sweet, so we booked it for our anniversary.. When we got there we upraded to a fountain view..a waste of money. The rooms were tiny. When I looked out the window my head touched the tops of the curtains.. the view faced the south if I looked out the bathroom window I could see the fountains. The layout of the room was uncomfortable, designed wrong, they need to knock out a few walls and ceilings. The Movie keepsakes were so cheezy and to miniture. We will not be staying here again.. Oh and Krave the nightclub package we got is a mini gay bar around the corner..so strange we booked directly thru the hotels website, I think it is connected to the parking garage.. I slammed a drink, danced by myself (no one else there) for about 5 mins. Back to the room I believe it was designed for great pictures but to also get people out of the room to their casino, if your 5 foot 2 and under you might not feel like I did &quot;a giant&quot; at 5'8.	
Nov 20 2009 	Perfect wish we didn't have to leave. Great location.	Arrived mid-Sunday afternoon, the lobby was very busy with many people checking in. A large number of staff made the line move quickly, check in was smooth, received a really nice room on the 12th floor, with views across from the Bellagio fountains, and as an added bonus received &quot;The Drinks On Us&quot; promotion. Excellent!!! We found the room to be well decorated and furnished, spacious with a well sized bathroom/shower. All the staff were very friendly and gave good service all of the time. The buffet was especially good, and would recommend it highly. We only stayed for 5 nights, but we wished we could have stayed for longer. Would definately return. Our room was quiet, with no noise heard from other rooms above or to the sides. Only minimal corridor noise heard as party goers passed by. All in all excellent value. Check out was quick and easy. This hotel is located in heart of the action, with a monorail station only a few minutes away in Ballys.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great - but	Nice hotel, dined in Koi restaurant which was stunning but very expensive, access to Miracle Mile shopping centre very convenient, and also Bellagio, Paris, Caesars Palace Hotels etc just a few minutes away. Also great shopping at fashion Plaze about 10 minutes walk down the strip. Only downside was hotel rooms very dark - literally needed a torch to see, but extra compfy beds	
Nov 19 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	Courteous and efficient reception staff.Spacious and clean room.. Lovely bathroom..Modern,vibrant hotelstayed 3 nights and then moved to the Venetian for a Conference.. Could not wait to get back to Planet Hollywood for the last night of my trip and was given a room with a strip view.. Wonderful to see the Ballagio Fountains, a dream come true..I will return to Vegas and would certainly stay at PH again..	
Nov 19 2009 	Themed rooms were brilliant!	My wife (fiancee at the time) and I made a short weekend trip to Las Vegas right after New Years in 2009 and stayed at the Planet Hollywood Resort &amp; Casino.Things got off to a great start as the front desk allowed us to check into our room extremely early (10am). We loved our room, complete with Cliffhanger movie memorabilia. I want to see a list of all the different themed rooms they have! The room and hotel overall were brand new and decorated unlike any place I've ever stayed before.The casino was very kind to me (won a couple hundred bucks playing roulette) and my wife enjoyed the pedicure. We ordered room service for breakfast one day, which was good but spendy. The only negative thing I can say about the Planet Hollywood is their internet is expensive and gave my laptop a virus that rendered it completely useless for the remainder of my trip. The IT department there was of no help, which left a sour taste in my mouth after an otherwise outstanding experience.	
Nov 19 2009 	Check where you lay there may be bed bugs	This was my first visit to Las Vegas. My wife and I was celebrating our 5th year wedding anniversary. She booked a room at PH for 5 days. Our trip from the airport to the hotel was okay. During our ride to the hotel we were offered an opportunity to see the show &quot;V&quot;, lunch at Pampas Churrascaria; and buy one get two drinks of our choice for $40 and our commitment to listen to a 2 hours presentation. The presentation was remember-able but took well over the allotted time.The hotel room did not have a coffee maker and there was no place in the hotel that offered free coffee. Room service only offered breakfast. The prices for food seemed to be inflated . I did take advantage of the free drinks while i learned how to use the penny slots. What really place a damper on our whole experience what the discovery of bedbugs. I first notice a burning sensation on my legs. I thought i was attributed to dry-skin; but as I rubbed my legs i felt bumps and whelps. I told me wife and she agreed it may be extreme dry-skin. When we arrived home my wife showed me her legs where there was several red marks on her legs. She then told me she had had the burning sensation during our stay but also thought it was attributed to dry-skin. We also learned just that we could have brought then home with us. We have four children. We may accidentally infected them as well. The only want to remove them is to wrap the mattress and suffocate them. From what i read and heard bug bombs and sprays do not work on this time of insect.	
Nov 19 2009 	Absolutely Amazing	we travelled to vegas with two of our friends and found that planet hollywood was perfect for us and suited our needs from their buffet breakfast's to their evening meals which were really delicious. The Casino was excellent and held tutorials every tuesday and thursday mornings on how to play the various games.It had a great atmosphere and beware, the roulette is addictive. The only thing that we could possible complain about is that the drinks are a bit slow in being served to your table. We found that if you tip the waitress you'll see your drinks order appearing alot quicker. (Note; when gambling on the tables you don't pay for a single drink..... SERIOUSLY!). Check in and Check out was the easiest i have ever experianced and the taxi service adjacent to the underground lobby are very fast and friendly. As for the rooms - absolutely huge and the most comfortable bed ever. the pillows were like giant marshmallows. Sooo tempted to stash it in my case coming home. Big flat screen T.V although rooms are a little dark. housekeeping kept the room cleaned on a daily basis and emmaculate	
Nov 18 2009 	peep show	It was fun- lot more topless than I expected-- Aubrey's goods were fantastic. Much better body than Holly's in my opinion/.any seat is good - I recommend going	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Hotel in a superb location	My husband myself and another couple spent four nights in this great hotel. The rooms and bed were very spacious and comfortable. Bathroom was very well equipped with bath and seperate shower and plenty of towels etc. The only fault was that as mentioned previously the rooms were very dark and the dark brown woodwork did'nt help. Unfortunatly our room faced out to the back of the hotel so not much of a view.The hotel's location is excellent right next door to the Paris Hotel and across the road from the Bellagio. Visit the different hotels i.e. Bellagio, Venetian, Paris, Mandalay, Ceasar's Palace there are truly amazing. It does take quiet a while to get from one hotel to the other (it might not look far but I can tell you it is) Wear comfy walking shoes and it is chilly in the evenings. It was when we were there so wear warm clothes.Make use of the duece (the strip bus) only costs 7dollars for 24 hours or 3 dollars for a single trip. You can get the duece to the Premium Shopping Outlet ( great for bargains)i.e. Levis (cheap) Quicksilver Timberland and lots more. You have to go about 2-3 stops past the Stratosphere Hotel and get another bus (I think it was a No 108) to right outside the outlet this is all included in the 7 dollar ticket .Make sure you do the helicopter flight to the Grand Canyon, we used Maverick. Don't book this through the hotel as it is more expensive there are plent y of other places to book and also a variety of tours. We booked ours by the M &amp; M shop (Chocolate) and paid approx £205 each that was landing in the canyon with bubbly and nibbles.	
Nov 16 2009 	Perfect Location	We stayed at PH last June and loved it..This year we travelled with another couple and also decided to stay at PH. The location is great and the size of the hotel is not over whelming. The rooms are beautiful and be sure to visit PF Changs for dinner.The buffet is also very good...we always have a great time in Vegas..lots of fun and can't wait to go back next year...	
Nov 16 2009 	AMAZING! We were SO happy-best place on trip	We were so pleasantly suprised! We checked in (no lines) Thursday night. We were randomly upgraded to an amazing suite overlooking the Bellagio fountains. We took advantage of the &quot;free comps&quot; they were offering (as long as you looked at their new rooms/time share pitch) and found it so painless and worth the money that we actually bought a time share. Never thought that would happen, but their new towers on the strip were amazing! Ended up winning $100 in slots the first day, all the food was amazing. Spices breakfast buffet was to die for. Yolos Mexican was great. AMAZING LOCATION! You will NOT be disappointed.	
Nov 16 2009 	Nice but not great	As expected. Good service, but as everything else in Vegas, noisy.Partys on the neighbor rooms was disturbing.Otherwise, clean and tidy.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great location but the rooms are very dark	Location-wise you can't fault Planet Hollywood, you're right on the strip and there are good bars, restaurants and shops. The decor is modern and trendy, and the staff were lovely and very helpful if we needed anything.The rooms are big and the bathroom huge, but very dark. There were only 2 lamps in the room and no ceiling lights near the beds. I kept feeling like I needed to turn on the lights. This seems like a small complaint, but I wouldn't reccomend the hotel because of it.	
Nov 15 2009 	Really great vibe and very accommodating to our needs	It was our first trip to Las Vegas and from the minute we arrived, the staff at the front desk were very helpful and were very accommodating to our needs. We arrived at 9 am and we were told that we could not check it until 3 pm. However, the gentleman at the front desk made arrangements for us to check in right away. The hotel was very clean and the beds were really comfortable! The two negatives is that they only gave us bottles of water in our room once on the first day and then the day before we were leaving. Another negative for us was that we wanted to work out at the gym but it was $25/a day....way too expensive for us!We would strongly recommend this hotel because the rooms are clean, the staff is excellent and it is in the middle of the strip with so much to do surrounding the hotel.	
Nov 15 2009 	Too bad we picked this for our wedding	This was our very first trip to Vegas and we got married while we were there, although we made a smart choice in not getting married at Planet Hollywood. We found the room to be extremely dark as they had only a few lamps with very low watt bulbs. It was always dark and the small window in the room gave little to no light. We thought that we were going to love the separate shower and tub, however after you used the tub and drained the water, black sewer water came up out of the shower drain and made the entire room smell like a sewer so we were not able to enjoy that at all. In addition, when we first arrived, there was hair in the bathtub assumingly from a previous guest. Yuck! We did have to pay a resort fee for each day that we were there that paid for your newspaper and water each day. While we did receive a paper each day, we only got water the first day of our stay. We had the &quot;drinks are on us&quot; promotion in our package when we booked the trip, however it took three trips to the front desk, calls to our travel agent, and finally talking to one of the hotel managers to get them to honor that package item. Even then, we only received the service on three of the four nights of our stay. We were to receive it on all four nights. Upon arrival, we found the line to check in to be extremely long, and when we finally did get up to the front of the line, we were greeted by an extremely stuck up rude employee. He was completely unhelpful and gave us a bad impression right away. We loved the miracle mile and spent lots of time there during our stay, however the casino was not impressive. First, you had to make your way through a maze of people trying to get you to look at their timeshare properties every time you went through there and you had to go through the casino to get ANYWHERE else! There were constantly people in your face, following you around, etc. and they were just as rude as the front desk person. In addition, if you walked anywhere around the hotel you were bombarded with people trying to shove pictures of naked women in your face seemingly to get you to call them for sexual services. The pictures were thrown all over the ground and there were alcohol bottles all over everywhere! It was terribly dirty! The casino did not pay out ONE time in our five day stay at the hotel. We went down and played at least twice a day, but had absolutely NO LUCK! They have the tightest slots in town, and I think the table games are rigged as we did not see any other winners either. Except for the breakfast buffet, the buffet was extremely over priced for the quality of the food you received. The one redeeming quality of the hotel was &quot;Earl of Sandwich&quot; which was excellent! The coupons that several others have mentioned receiving at check-in worked well on the mile, however the coupons that we received from our travel agent for the Planet Hollywood hotel were never redeemed because they kept telling us that we had to go here or there instead. No one seemed to know where to go to get the gift card, etc. that was promised. Overall , this was a terrible place to stay and it was disappointing being our first trip and our wedding destination. I may go back to Vegas, but would stay at the Bellagio, Wynn, or another hotel that focuses on Customer Service and quality rather than a certain image that does not hold water....	
Nov 14 2009 	great hotel	it was awesome the hotel is an all in one with restaurants, shopping, casino great for young and old	
Nov 13 2009 	Wonderful Place To Stay	My two grown daughters and I just returned home after a 2 day stay at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas. The view from our room was just breathtaking! It overlooked the Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio with it`s Fountain display. Our room was immaculate and so large. We received a complimentary bottle of our choice during our stay and a free newspaper delivered to our door each morning. It was by far the most luxurious place we had ever stayed. The only complaint we had was the lighting in the room. It had lamps, but we couldn`t seem to get enough light.	
Nov 13 2009 	Something for Everyone in Vegas	Planet Hollywood has something for almost everyone (with the exception of young children which is the case for all of Vegas in general). The location is centrally located with the new CityCenter and Bellagio across the street and Paris to the right. The Hard Rock Casino is just a short cab ride down Harmon as well. I stayed in one of the basic rooms but would describe them as fairly modern with framed hollywood memorabilia inside. The amenities and view of the strip were decent. Do be aware that there is a $5 (non-optional) per night resort charge that includes things like 2 bottles of water and a newspaper each day.The casino is nice with the crowd being described as around middle age. There are a number of shows including Peep Show and the Steve Wyrick magic show. One of the best features is the Miracle Mile Shops that is attached to the casino/hotel. PH offers quite a few brand name restaurants rather than the typical &quot;casino&quot; restaurants so it was quite easy to please the mainstream crowd. The Spice Market buffet was decent but then again, I'm not sure if any Vegas buffet has wowed me. Sammy Hagar's Cabo Wabo Cantina literally just opened in place of Trader Vics.As for suggestions, I would recommend that everyone join the A-List players club in the event you decide to spend most of the time gambling there. For those wishing to visit the new CityCenter resort, this may be one of the closest, lower-priced alternatives. Overall, would I stay at PH again................yes (especially since you earn points with the Starwood Preferred Guest program.	
Nov 13 2009 	Another Great Vacation	Spent 4 nights at PH 10/26 checked out 10/30. No line at check in Monday afternoon. I had 2 nights comped and Husband pd $69 a night for the last two nights. He also got the drinks are on us with a bottle for each night. They were kind enough to link our reservations so we could keep one room. Our check in person was Angel who set us up in a KNS room on the strip side. The beds as always are perfect. I keep threatening to buy one for home. The bathrooms are very spacious and we like the fact that the toilet is seperate from the vanity and tub. Housekeeping kept the room very clean and brought extra towels as we requested. Only complaint this time was the soaps and shampoo. They seem to be a new brand and did not lather. We only had the facial bars of soap which were not any bigger than a half dollar. I bring my own so it was not a problem for me, but my husband was not impressed. Ate at PF Changs and the Spice Market Buffet, both very good as usual. Cannot even remember how many times we have stayed at this hotel and this is still our very favorite casino and hotel in Vegas. Love the Heart Bar and the cocktail waitresses working the slot areas were very attentive. Great music in the casino and we are not youngsters. I can't wait to return.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great Time at Planet Hollywood	I stayed here for three nights on a solo trip to Vegas.Check in was fast and easy - I arrived around 1 pm (before check in time) but there was a room ready for me. The line up was very short. The front desk clerk was friendly and helpful. He printed off coupons for discounts at the restaurants, and the free bottle of liquor which one picks up at the gift shop in the lobby.The room was comfortable, clean, and big. The bathroom was huge, with two sinks, shower, and separate tub.The casino has trendy decor. Rich colours and a modern design make for a nice place to gamble. The smoke is less than in other casinos on the strip. The dealers were all friendly and helpful, and there was a piano player/singer at the Extra lounge each night, which provided good entertainment while gaming.Shopping is just off the casino, and the hotel gives a coupon for a free coupon book that one picks up in the mall. The location of this casino is on the lower side of mid-strip. Overall I had a great time, and would definitely return.	
Nov 13 2009 	Can't wait to go back	We booked this hotel through Bookit.com and we were very satisfied. The room was just like the pics online. The hotel had everything at your hands food, casino, entertainment, and its located on in th perfect spot on the strip. We enjoyed walking across the street to the Bellagio and other hotels. We're already planning stay for next year.	
Nov 11 2009 	Awesome Hotel	This hotel was very clean,nice and well kept up. Our rooms were clean everyday. We had water bottles each morning with a paper outside our door. More than enough towels for the room. I would say this hotel gets a 10 everyone was so friendly. In the casino the ladies were helpful with change and free drinks long as you were playing. I will be going back every year and this hotel will be a !st choice......	
Nov 11 2009 	There are many other far better places nearby. Skip this one.	I wanted to like this hotel but I have to say I was extremely disappointed. I booked this hotel as part of a conference stay. Since we came in to town a few days early, we booked a really cheap rate at a Candlewood Suites for the weekend and then moved to the Planet Hollywood for the next three nights since the conference was there. There’s a world of difference between the low budget Candlewood Suites and the Planet Hollywood, but in comparing the two…I felt like the Candlewood Suites was a huge enjoyable bargain and I felt really ripped off at Planet Hollywood.Planet Hollywood is highly stylized and a bit over the top on some things. The casino is nice and the food at the Spice Market Buffet was actually pretty good and reasonable. The only other thing I liked was the movie memorabilia in each room. (Inside a glass case in my room were a flight helmet prop and baseball cap used in the filming of the 1991 film called “Flight of the Intruder.” So while that was very cool….that was about the only thing the room had going for it.Even getting into the hotel is not easy. It is in the slot on the strip that the old Aladdin Hotel was in and they never really did a good job in using signs to help guests driving south down Las Vegas Blvd. how to turn to the proper street to get back to the entrance of the hotel….which is hidden way back off the street on the back and underside of the hotel. Unlike other strip hotels where the self parking is reasonably close to the hotel (after you make the obligatory walk through the casino to get to check in) the Planet Hollywood makes you park in the self parking (luckily for free) and then walk through a huge shopping mall called the Miracle Mile and THEN through the casino and THEN down escalators to the front desk on the lower level. It is not well laid out or signed so that you can easily tell how to get around inside. Of course they want you to get lost in the maze of slot machines so that you might give up trying to find your way and give up some money to the one armed bandits.The rooms are extremely dark. There are a total of 5 low wattage lights in the room and in my room, one of them didn’t work. The window is about four feet by five feet so there’s not a lot of ambient light. At our conference one of the presenters said he complained to the front desk and they gave him a flashlight saying they give out hundreds of flashlights per week to guests. If you are going to do that, why not just leave them in the room in the first place.The beds were way cheaper and less comfortable than the one at the Candlewood Suites room I stayed in the night before for a fifth of the price. We knew it was not going to be good when my wife and I walked into the room and sat at the very end of the bed and it actually made the head of the bed come off the ground about a foot…that’s how cheap the bed frame was. I actually thought if we weren’t careful we were going to break it. It was that rickety and squeaked loudly when you moved in the bed. The sheets were also thin and uncomfortable. Plus they come untucked way too easily. Our first night we ended up in the morning with a real mess of sheets and mattress pad that kept me awake. Rather than a soft mattress pad, they use a thick wool blanket like covering under the sheets which is really hot and not very soft and comfy. I honestly think the managers here haven’t just stayed in one of the basic level rooms…if they did, they’d see it really is not that plush for the price they are charging. The rooms were clean and smelled okay. There’s a decent sized bureau with two large closets and plenty of room to unpack clothes. There is a free in room safe, which was a comfort.There’s also a very prominent large flat screen TV in the room but it’s not in HD and the channels were actually a bit fuzzy for such a large TV….so another missed opportunity there.The bathrooms featured a glassed in shower and a Roman soaking tub. But the tub was not quite big enough for two. Come on…this is Vegas…if you are going to have a soaking tub, have one big enough for two! There was a real full sized bath mat but only two bath towels that were thin and cheap feeling. I had a much better towel at the Candlewood Suites. The amenities came in little round jars with metal screw off lids. The shampoo came out fine but try getting conditioner out of a round jar. You had to stick your fingers in and dig out conditioner which was awkward. What’s wrong with plastic bottles that you can squeeze? I didn’t get the reason for the jars but they didn’t work well. While the bathroom was nicer and newer feeling, the shower took a long time to get hot and the water pressure was anemic. I could probably spit harder that the shower water came out.The Internet service costs $14 a day. They have both WiFi and a LAN connection. The WiFi kept bouncing me off the internet on the first night. It was very inconvenient to have to keep reconnecting, but it worked fine the next two nights. Once connected the service did feature very high speed.The hotel charges a $5.93 daily ‘resort’ fee which pays for your daily paper, two bottles of water in the room and use of the pool. The paper is the Las Vegas Review-Journal, which has only basic coverage of national and international news (not the USA Today which most hotels carry). While we did get the two bottles of water the first night, we didn’t get it the next two nights.You should definitely NOT in any way bring children to this hotel. The current show in the theatre here is called “Peep Show” and is a striptease act. There are big ads for the show all over the hotel, including huge photos on the elevator doors and in the rooms. And, in the surrounding blocks immediately around the hotel are several ‘gauntlets’ of people in very bright T-shirts advertising outcall services promising a “Girl to Your Room in 20 Minutes or Less.” They hand out stacks of business cards with photos of nearly completely nude women on them. They are very aggressive and are all over the place. People take the cards and throw them on the ground….making trashy litter of cards of nearly completely naked women all over the place for several blocks up and down the strip from the hotel. It really is disappointing that the city doesn’t do more to try to keep this out. Prostitution is NOT legal in Clark County where Las Vegas is. Granted this is Las Vegas, but people walking down the strip do not need to be bombarded by swarms of these hawkers with their nearly X-rated business cards that promote something that is not even legal here.So I expected much better from such a better brand. They tried hard to be stylistic and appeal to a younger, hipper crowd. But along the way, the hotel operators forgot that people want to stay at a place that is at least comfortable. Maybe the high roller rooms are more plush, but the basic rooms certainly are not.If you are considering staying on the strip and are going to shell out several hundred dollars a night, you can make yourself happier by skipping Planet Hollywood and staying at the Parisian right next door which is really, really nice or even better at the Bellagio right across the street. If those are both 5-star hotels, then this one barely deserves two and a half.	
Nov 10 2009 	Lot of fun and some trendy style	Strongly recomended for young people. Vegas is full of old people. For those who are under the 30's is the perfect place. The miracle mile is nice but doesn't have good prices at all.The club inside the PH it's expensive and they make you pay even if you are staying at the hotel but you can arrange with the girl in the door to reduce de admision fee.The design of the hotel have some taste insted the world known hotels that became a little bit ancient.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great location and nice rooms	I stayed at Planet Hollywood with work friends in early November. Check in was very smooth and we had the &quot;drinks are on us&quot; promo. We got a bottle of rum but didn't even drink it - after the trip we wished we had gotten wine or champagne instead. The room was very nice and clean. Like all other reviews --- the room was really really dark!! There was 1 table lamp between the beds and a small light on the desk. I felt I was always complaining about the dark room. The weather was great and we got to spend time by the pool both days. The sun was gone by 245pm since they are building mega buildings across the street (blocked the sunshine). Housekeeping did a very nice job also. We spent 3 days at the hotel and still were confused about getting to our rooms... we could never get familiar with the casino. Other than the dark room and confusing signs in the casino (or lack of) I enjoyed the hotel - especially the location. We ate mostly in the Miracle Mile shops. La Salsa Cantina has the best breakfasts ($3.95) around. There is another La Salsa by MGM that has better potatoes and tortillas (fresh) but since staying at PH we went to La Salsa in MIracle Mile. We also went to Pampas the new brazilian steak house- which was only ok. I got a $50 certificate from restaurant.com for Hawaiian Tropics and we all thought it was horrible. Do not waste your time going there. Emerils New Orleans fish house in MGM has way better steaks for half the price. We also saw Blue Man Group and got tickets from Tickets2nite (or something like that) on the strip which were 1/2 price. That was the best part of the trip!	
Nov 8 2009 	PH convenient location	Planet Hollywood was a convenient location. Service was great and room had a great view! I preferred the MGM Grand and Belagio and would recommend any one of the three. They were all good.	
Nov 7 2009 	pretty good value great location	The location of this hotel makes it accessible to everything the Vegas strip has to offer. The pool was nice, decent restaurants are nearby in that casino and other casinos surrounding this one. We had a partial view of the Bellagio fountains from our room, which was nice. There are clubs in the casino that are good for nightlife. The rooms are a nice size- we had five girls in ours for a bachelorette weekend.	
Nov 6 2009 	ups 	We arrived at 5pm on a Monday &amp; didn't have to wait in line. The room (on the 18th floor was awesome). We had 3 problems while there:1)The toilet got plugged-from us blowing our noses (not a lot of paper). They apologized &amp; sent a lady up to plunge it &amp; she told us that it was the number one complaint of people who stay there. (Why aren’t their plungers in the room?)2)Our 3rd night we were woken at 3am by what sounded like a steam train (turned out to be a service elevator next to our room). They apologized &amp; moved us up to the 50th floor &amp; sent a bell boy to help us move. The bell boy said they must've felt really bad because we got moved up to what they consider a business class suite (in that hotel the 50th &amp; 51st floors come right after the 38th floor -so it's more like the 39th &amp; 40th floors) the new floor was redone differently &amp; the view from the new room was better (much higher up) but the room wasn't redone with a theme consistent with the hotel, like out 1st hotel room. But we got sleep. 3)We had a bit of an issue with the beds in both of our rooms - we didn't complain about it though. Whenever 2 adults (of normal size) sat on the end of the bed it raised the head of the bed off the ground. (Our friends on the other side of the hotel (facing the fountain) didn't have any of the problems we did so maybe we are just too particular? All of that aside the service was great &amp; we would stay there again - we would just ask not to be placed near the service elevators. Oh &amp; we didn't pay extra to view the Bellagio fountain but we should have.The 5$ hotel fee was great, but the free water didn't always get replenished. The drinks on us package was a nice treat also.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great location average hotel	Spent 3 nights here on a short break. Chose this hotel based on location and price (compared to others) and the result was pretty much expected. Location is superb, mid strip and opposite the Bellagio. The room we got (basic twin) was adequate, slightly tired but not dirty. The hotel overall is starting to look a bit worn in places but not excessively. The pool area is small but adequate to chill out although when we were there it seemed as if half the pool side was closed off for the chargeable 'VIP' area (which simply means you sit the other side of the rope and have a curtained lounger) and this meant there was not enough space or loungers for everyone else around the pool- despite there only being one person in the VIP area! The casino is good but probably on the smaller side for Vegas- we tended to use the Bellagio, Treasure Island, Ceasars Palace and Paris as these tended to have the lower minimum tables. Point to note for all casino though is that the slots seem to rarely pay out, I heard quite a few people saying how tight they were and found this ourselves ( we stuck mostly to Blackjack in the end). We ate in the PH Spice Market Buffet using the two for one tickets we got from British Airways, so around $30 for both of us, which was good value, the food was good, not fantastic but good. Dessert options were fantastic. Wouldnt have paid the $30 per head though. Also recommend the Bellagio buffet which was was phenomenal, quality food and great selection is nice surroundings- watch the queue though, we took the option of seating at the bar to jump ahead and this was comfortable. Also had the MGM breakfast buffet- this was awful! Poor choice, expensive and didnt seem geared up to large crowds so queues for everything. So overall, if on a limited budget but wanted the good location I would return- but would prefer to stretch the little further to the likes of the Bellagio.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great location...but not worth the extra $$$	We stayed here because we opted for a more expensive hotel for our wedding and honeymoon. The location of the Valet parking is in the basement of the hotel. Check in was ok, but they hit you with a surprise &quot;resort&quot; fee. ( We book our trip on Travelocity and paid for it in full)..but had to pay an additional $49 for our week stay. Which I thought was lousy. The location of the hotel is great. Close to all the action. Our room was the &quot;Miami Vice&quot; suite and had a stellar view of the construction across the street. The room was ok...could have been cleaner and smelled kinda musty. Right outside of the hotel is a bunch of sales people selling time shares and harass you constantly. I learned that if you tell them you aren't married they will leave you alone for the day....if they remember you. The casino is beautiful and has a great atmosphere. The music is awesome if you like modern and classic rock. My husband enjoyed the &quot;Pleasure Pit&quot; part of the casino but all the table limits are very high all the time, and we found it hard to play on any of the slot machines for any length of time...because they are very tight...and finding a cocktail waitress is nearly impossible. If you want to gamble...go to New York New York or Downtown. The buffet is expensive ($30 per person for dinner). It's very large with a lot of choices, but I didn't think it was worth the money. (We tried it once) We opted to dine in Downtown Vegas because the dinner choices are more vast and a lot less expensive. All in all....it was a nice place...but next time I will go back to the Monte Carlo (half the price and similar location and just as clean) or just stay in Downtown Las Vegas where we hung out at most of the time anyhow. You're not in the hotel room that much anyhow...and I definitely won't pay the big price tag thinking I'm getting something special....because at Planet Hollywood....you aren't. OH! I almost forgot...The nightclub is full of prostitutes that look as if they may be teenagers....we thought it was tasteless for an upscale nightclub to allow this sort of thing. (and yeah...they know)....but I guess that's why some people go to Vegas. Great hotel for a bunch of bachelors but not so great for a couple or family.	
Nov 5 2009 	Good Hotel with Great Food	This is a good hotel. Not as good as the Bellagio, but not as pricey. However, there are fabulous rooms with great décor and the food is good too. The buffet is to die for. Easily merits four stars.	
Nov 4 2009 	Pathetic service and that's all there is to it!	First of all I would like to say that the hotel looks great from the pictures and website. It is just too bad that the front desk employees don't care as much as the web designer does. I booked my son and his colleagues in two different rooms 3 months in advance through hotels.com Hotels.com had copies that the confirmation for the rooms were downloaded into PH system. PH has the reputation of overselling its hotel, so my husband didn't have a room. When I told the front desk manager about his chronic illness and this stress was not good for him, the manager's quote was &quot;his illness is not our problem&quot;. He tried to blame it on hotels.com, but I saw the confirmation as hotels.com faxed it to me. Thank goodness that hotels.com does what they say and thank goodness for the MGM. They were able to accomodate us and in the future they will get all my personal and convention business. DO NOT STAY AT PLANET HOLLYWOOD AND DO NOT BELIEVE THE CONFIRMATION WHEN YOU RECEIVE IT AS THEY DON'T APPRECIATE THEIR PATRONS. I travel a lot and know good hotel service and this is not the place.	
Nov 4 2009 	recommend this resort has everything you need	we stayed for five nights here. we would highly recommend this hotel it was really clean and great location and brilliant restaurants and shops too. Planet Dailies was a great place for breakfast. Our room was very spacious and modern and big bathroom also. the only down side was when we got there the queue for reception was so long we were waiting ages to check in but that was the only down fall. the casino is great and really have no faults would def go back.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Location and Good Value	Room was clean. Service was the best. Great location to nearby attractions and restaurants.The Lunch buffet was good for the price with the coupon.Overall great value for the money.Self Parking is a bit of walk from the rooms. Valet Parking overcomes this issue.	
Nov 3 2009 	trendy	Love this place. if you like to shop like me this is the place because the mall is in the ground level. the room is very clean, nice decor just very convenient. we go to Las vegas 3-4 times a year and everytime we come here we stop by the cafe Planet Dailies their banana split is to die for!!! but make sure you have someone to share it with because it's huge!!! probably good for 5 people. although the sandwiches are a little greasy. their brunch is ok i've tried better ones. but overall this place is nice.	
Nov 3 2009 	Fantastic hotel to stay at	I loved this hotel - from the minute I arrived to the minute I left! We stayed from Monday 26th October to Friday 30th october and loved everything about it!I shall give a list of everything I loved about this hotel.The hotel is in the very best spot in town - right at the heart of everything!The check-in queue was short (3 people in front) and one of they guys was so efficient that he checked in two of the people in front of us and then us in the same time that the others all checked in one person!! His name was EVAN!! The lobby was clean, bright and very attractive.The shop where you get the free bottles (full-size 750ml bottles always had at least 2 staff serving - whata great offer - the free booze!! We had champagne 2 nights of the stay and I saved a bottle of whiskey and gin to take home to England with me!!The lifts were easily accessed and there are 6 on both the north and south sides of the hotel - we were lucky - we were on the 12th floor and just around the corner from the lifts!The room was LOVELY!!! At night the room could have done with an overhead light rather than just the 3 lamps but it was ok and in the day it was ok anyway. But of course the massive bright bathroom was great for putting on your make-up!! I loved the size of the tub and the shower - big enough for two! Also the two sinks was great - we were just a couple but it would be great for a group of friends to get ready at the same time. Hubbie was in the loo and I was in the shower at the same time - how good is that at saving time!We had a non-smoking room so got two double beds which made the room larger and I loved the big hall into the room, with the bathroom off it so it felt like a suite rather than just a room. The maid had always been when we got back to the room anywhere between 2 and 4 in the afternoon and had always made the beds, cleaned the bathroom and put fresh water bottles in the cabinet. Our newspaper arrived every morning.We were in the Burt Reynolds room which sutied hubbie cos he loves him!!The best place to eat in the hotel (the only place we ate actually) was the Spice Buffet - I cannot recommend it highly enough - especially the Indian food!! As Indian food is now the Englishmans favourite meal, I know my spices and this was the BEST Indian food I have ever tasted!!! We got a 2 for the price of 1 ticket with our room cards so we used this, I am not sure if I would like to pay the full price for it though! I hate spending lots of money on food!The atmosphere of the hotel is lively, young and hip! I am in my 40's and hubbie is 50 but we still loved the hotel. It wasnt too busy and we had fun watching the gambling in all the parts of the casino. We didnt gamble too much but the tables give a good bit back so that you can play each table for ages on a relatively small bet!The girls on the tables are dressed in basques and tiny shorts and the dancers in the pleasure pit are sexy but I wouldnt say its any worse than you see on TV or walking down the street sometimes!!We are not into nighclubs so didnt use the hotel ones and cant comment. We didnt use the spa , swimming pools or gym either.On the day of going home, we left our cases in the baggage drop off room and they held our cases til 4.30pm so that we could spend the day doing what we wanted unencmbered with cases!! It is no trouble to them.We took a bus from the airport to the hotel ($6 each) and got a taxi back to the airport on going home ($15 - we gave the driver $20) but I would definately recommend the bus from the aiport to the hotel because the traffic getting to the hotel is heavier than getting back to the airport and would have cost a lot more to get from the airport to the hotel!! The taxis wait just outside the lobby and there is always a man there checking you in with a taxi so that you know you are not being ripped off.I would also say that going to the GRAND CANYON is a MUST!!! We used Heli-USA - we got the tickets from one of the booths (dont get it from the hotel it cost a fortune!) We got te trip that had a helicopter flight from McCarron Airport to the Grand Canyon, flying over the Hoover Dam, Lake Mead and Colorado River and flies THROUGH the Grand Canyon and stops for lunch at a cowboy ranch (dont expect too much here though!!).The other thing I would recommend is that you need to dress up a bit here - I didnt think you had to and felt a bit underdressed even in the daytime!!I think a week is needed here - we only had 4 nights, and we didnt do all we wanted to. Planet Hollywood is a great hotel - I would NOT recommend one of the cheaper hotels - they are not nice - and I would say that if you want top notch hotels then the Mandalay Bay, Bellagio and Wynn hotels are for you.If you want any further details please email me.All in all - this hotel is a great place to stay - I would recommend it to anyone!!	
Oct 31 2009 	Fantastic!	Great! We stayed here on our honeymoon and had a great time. We were upgraded to a fantastic &quot;fountain view&quot; room and loved watching the fountains while getting ready to hit the town. Best location on the strip for the price!	
Oct 31 2009 	Once was enough	Arrived late 10pm, 10 minute wait to register. Clerk was unfriendly, abrubt and appeared to be bothered by having to deal with us. Stayed in Hollywood hip room, strip view (facing City Center). Told us only rooms available were room with 2 double beds. That was fine except that one of the white bedspreads had small spots of blood covering about a 2 sq ft area on the top center area. Rooms are very dark, there was almost no storage or hanger space (had to leave 2 bags packed). Took shower (restrooms are nice) got dressed, put on white socks, walked around room getting ready to go, socks were black on bottom. (maybe that's why rooms are dark). Were told we don' t get the free alcohol because we booked through an airline vacation package. Still charged $5+ resort fee on top of reservation. We stayed here when it was the Aladdin (we loved it then, thats why we went here this time) It's definately not the Aladdin anymore. Hotel hallways are dark.  Parking: Parking is off of Koval, behind the Miracle Mile Mall. So, you get to walk a long ways through the mall to get to the parking garage. Speaking of the mall it is very nice still (they kept the old theme from the Aladdin days but added lots of neon and signage that doesn't compliment the theme). Many times especially late at night there were groups of drunk (drinking) young adults hanging out around the mall entrance from the parking garage. Some seemed to casing up the people leaving the mall. Parking garage is dingy not very well lit.  Casino: Casino is confusing in it's layout. Stayed 5 nights, only saw the cocktail waitress on the last day. (got drinks in other casinos almost immediately).  Will not stay here again. Have stayed at NYNY, Monte Carlo, Sahara, Aladdin on previous visits. This was the worst customer service we have ever had and the dirtiest room ever. Loved Monte Carlo will probably go back there.	
Oct 31 2009 	This Place ROCKS! We Had A Blast!	We stayed at PH Sunday Oct 25th, to Thursday Oct 29th. We had a killer deal at $59 a night through their Twitter page and got a free 750mL bottle upon check-in.We arrived at the desk around 11am after walking from our Saturday night stay at the Excalibur, we were very tired and exhausted, my wife asked if there were any upgrades being it was our wedding day and &quot;Angel&quot; who checked us in did a few key strokes and got us into a King-Smoking-Fountain View Room, the Room Number was 2493. It was perfect.I don't care what everyone says, this room was NICE. It wasn't dark like what people have said, I think people just complain to complain and aren't happy with their lives. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was HUGE, at least for us, and we both were very comfortable in the bathtub! The detached shower was a nice touch, hot water was never a problem, water pressure was just fine.As for gambling, we came out way ahead and got very lucky on the slots and I had several good runs at blackjack. We came with $1,000 and we left with over $2,000. I managed to collect a $5 New Years 2009 Chip while playing blackjack which I thought was very cool and better than The Pleasure Pit and Peepshow $5 chips they have.Spice Market Buffet - Simply THE BEST! We went for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner, Lunch and Dinner was comped because of our rate of play and the only one we paid for was Lunch which was still worth it with the coupon you get in the A-List Players Club Book. Seriously, you HAVE to eat at this Buffet for all 3, it's AWESOME, thank me later.Earl of Sandwich - PERFECT place for quick bites on the go. We got discounts for this place and it was very good food. We both always got the Italian Sandwich, TO DIE FOR! We are actually going to remake it back here so we can keep eating it till we are in Vegas again!During our stay we got to meet, talk to and take pictures with Jerry Springer!! What a guy! He was upset when the Steelers beat the Vikings though I could tell you that! HAHA. GO STEELERS!We had an incredible time at this property and after we visited other hotels we wanted to stay at we fully decided Planet Hollywood will be our primary hotel we stay at every single year, it fits our age range, I am 25 she is 22, and it was upbeat, music playing, pleasure pit, night club and a HUGE mall. Can't go wrong with Planet Hollywood!!	
Oct 30 2009 	Dirty - Great Location	ph is in a great location, two entrances into the Miracle mile shopping mall. Paris is next door and from the pool you can see the fountains at The Bellagio. I have a few issues with ph, when you check in they charge and additional $5.95/day for a (free)booze bottle and two water bottles. Your choice cheap wine, rum and couple of others, if you would like to open your wine they are happy to sell you a wine opener for $3.00.The pool area is just disgusting, no way around it, really looks like lots of parties with little if any cleaning. Our bathroom was never mopped (even before we arrived), bring shower shoes you will need them. I agree with other reviews on little hanging space and very dark rooms. We have stayed at different properties at different price levels and this one is not work the money.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great view of the Strip!	Very Hip Hotel! Great location on the strip. P. F. Changs is one of my favorite places located right at the hotel. Decor in the rooms is very trendy. My favorite part was the free bottle of booze upon check in!	
Oct 30 2009 	Excellent trip	we stayed at the planet Hollywood 22-26october on arrival (3pm)reception was empty we was seen straight away and there was plenty of people on reception we did the $20 trick and got a billagio fountain view room in the north tower 2485 I think. We even got the drinks on us vouchers which we wasn’t initialed too. Rooms were clean and spacious bathroom is huge. the only down side is the windows aren’t massive and light in the room is very poor but the bathroom light if fine for putting make up on and doing hair ladies. So don’t worry. looking at most of the hotels the windows all look quite small but we could see the fountains and watch it fine but your not in Vegas to stay in the room. we did a trip to the canyon with the grand canyon tours number one on trip advisor (have a look) it was cheap we got breakfast lunch and went to the Hoover dam route 66 and the canyon its a long day but worth every penny your only in a small group so you can all chat together. Back to the Hotel. Ive never been to America before so this is my first experience of it. We ate in planet dallies one morning for breakfast food was great big portion it did come to $50 with a tip. were not really buffet people but we did try our last day the spice market for breakfast and it was $14.99 each we had a $5 coupon each so it was a bargain this was including tea coffee juice. the food a choice was amazing if I knew there would have been that much choice we probably would have choose this over planet dallies and saved some pennies. Pinks there hot dog places it took us 15mins to deiced so many choices, it was ok but I think a chili cheese dog is just not my sort of thing. The strip house or steak house what ever it is in the hotel is was AMAZING! Best bit of beef I have ever eaten and cooked to perfection. It’s not cheap but worth every penny, it wasn’t busy in there either so we didn’t feel rushed. The hotel casino is liveliest with music playing loud and we won most of our money on the roulette in here then the other casinos. This hotel i would say is middle of the strip great location Drinks on Us there is selected full bottles to choose from NOTE when ordering wine we got to room to find no bottle opener we had to call room service and pay for one only a few dollars but still I was a little unimpressed. Were a young couple 24-26 and we thought this hotel was great nothing to complain baring the bottle opening. We did the madam tuasade and gondola ride and lion king show all excellent. So much to do so little time. for all the English men who cant survive with out there football when there away get a cab to the crown and anchor (English style pub English run also) Ricky Hatton teddy sherrigham drink here they show all the premiership games not sure about the others my boyfriend dragged me there and it was packed good atmosphere and they serve English breakfast. It cost about $12 from planet Hollywood. Miracle Mile shopping - out of all the hotels having there own shopping centre I would say this might be the cheaper one. As for time share people we wasn’t stopped once and didn’t see any so im not sure why everyone says this maybe we were lucky. Have a great time.	
Oct 29 2009 	If you like nice hotels this one is not for you	We went with a group of friends and they chose our accomodations. This wouldn't have been my choice. There was no line for check in but it still took 30 minutes to get checked in. The rooms we had reserved were not available (king non-smoking), so they put in in a smoking queen room. I called down from the room asking to be moved or upgraded and they wouldn't do anything for us. The next day they moved us to the non-smoking king rooms. It was a huge hassle to repack and move. For being newly remodeled the halls and rooms are pretty run down. The casino was nice and location of the hotel is perfect. The Miracle Mile shops that are attached to the hotel and the shops at Ceasars just down and across kept us shopping for hours/days. Our trip was awsome despite the hotel. We've stayed at places like Palms Place and Mandalay Bay, which is more our style. If you're not too picky, the value and location of Planet Hollywood is good.	
Oct 29 2009 	Dark rooms	Stayed at planet hollywood, for 4 nights in october, the location of this hotel is brilliant, but with all the construction work a bit messy. The rooms are large and very elegant, but they are so dark, and hardly any wardrobe or drawer space, the bathroom is very light and spacious with 2 sinks, but the towels are small and rough a horrible mauve colour, haven't they heard of nice big white fluffy towels, and very basic toiletries, just shampoo conditioner &amp; soap which didn't get replaced daily.We did have a good view of the strip, new york new york side.Pool area was not very good, with sunlougers that were falling to bits, and squashed up together so you couldn't get out either side, swimming pool was a nice big size.I liked the casino area,plenty of atmosphere there, and cocktail waitresses coming round often.I have stayed at bellagio, paris &amp; alladin before it was planet hollywood, I must say that we much prefered those places, I don't think I would stay at the planet hollywood again.	
Oct 28 2009 	cheap luxury	really liked this hotel, the room was great, 2 big beds, massive telly, posh bathroom all seemed quite plush for the price we paid.Only downside was that it was nigh on impossible to figure out where the lifts (elevators) to the rooms were from the casino, no doubt they do this on purpous to get you to spend more money in thier shiney casino, but was a bit annoying when tired from walking the strip for hours, glad I wasnt too drunk, I would have had to curl up in a corner somewhere...	
Oct 24 2009 	Gimmicky (but awesome) rooms with a great casino	Previously I had stayed at Hooters and The Flamingo on the Strip in Vegas and I have to say that this hotel had some real nice things about it. The rooms all have some sort of Hollywood paraphernalia in them (we got the Steven Segal room, or as we called it &quot;The Overweight Has-Been Room&quot;). Our room pricing came with a free bottle of alcohol, which you could get at the hotel general store, every night we stayed there, which was nice, too.The room we were in was, room-wise, the lowest tier room and was very, very nice. Big bathroom with a nice shower and big tub. Only thing I didn't like was that the toilet was in its own room, but the light switch was outside the room (made for some hijinks...or shenanigans). Nice big flat-screen TV in a huge oak wall-unit. But overall just a nice room.The casino, also, was A+. Very big with plenty of every type of game there. They also had their &quot;Pleasure Pit&quot; which is akin to Caesar's &quot;Pussycat Dolls Lounge Casino,&quot; where lovely ladies dress scantily and deal games, distracting you from making good betting decisions.Again, I totally recommend this place and it's just a good hotel/casino overall.	
Oct 24 2009	Great Location Great Room Great Value - Sylvester Stallone	My daughter and I had a great time staying at Planet Hollywood for 8 nights - perfect location right in the middle of the strip.....couldn't fault anything check in/out went smoothly and the room was clean and very spacious. This was my daughters first time in Vegas and really enjoyed it and she can't wait to go back. Kerrie and I were Walking through the casino and saw Sylvester Stallone being interviewed by Pierce Morgan which was a bonus. Did all the trips - went to see the Titanic exhibition which was well worth the money and Bette Midler she was fantastic....Definitely wouldn't hesitate staying in this hotel again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Planet Hollywood	Beautiful hotel! Enjoyed the different themes of the rooms. I highly recommend it	
Oct 23 2009 	Good location	I agree with another reviewer who said that you would not know that this hotel is only about 2 years old.We were checked in quickly but then again it was late at night when we arrived. We asked to change rooms because we were bothered by the regular dragging/rolling noise above us (turned out to be because we were near the elevators and other had made the same complaint).The second room was much better with a partial view of the strip (NY NY side). The room was relatively clean but not spotless clean. This room had two queen beds instead of a King as request many months ago when I made the booking. Bt they said that was all they could do. The bathroom had a walkin shower (hurray!). Bu thte towels were old, faded and threadbare - the toilet was not clean when we arrived (i.e urine on the seat). Very disappointing.The hotel is a in a good location. The concierge was not particularly helpful and in fact charged me $5.00 to print my boarding pass.I have stayed at Luxor before which was good but too far. Next time I will try to upgrade to Bellagio.	
Oct 22 2009 	Vegas Baby!!!!!	I stayed at the Planet Hollywood Hotel on the vegas strip for a week at the begining of September. I have stayed at the hotel previously when it was Aladdin. The rooms were cleanish, ok if you don't look ander the bed. Also carpets and taps are deffinately the same as when i stayed there when it was Aladdin! But definately big enough, I shared a room with my brother, two big beds and plenty of space, and lets face you are in vegas, you shouldn't be in your room! The casinos, restaurants and bars etc were all clean. we had drinks at the bar in the middle of the casino, ate at PF Changs, Earl of Sandwich and the breakfast buffet, all were great. The hotel is in a great location on the strip, although there is a lot of building work happening at the side of the hotel and opposite at the moment but i am sure that won't be going on for much longer. If you want to go a bit further a feild taxis are very easy to catch from the hotel. The free drinks vouchers that came with our room were a great bonus, we had more drink than we knew what to do with. Overall a great, excellent value hotel in Vegas.	
Oct 22 2009 	GReat value great experience	From the moment we booked this trip on earlyvegas.com, we knew we would have the best experience at this hotel, and I was excited to spend my 3oth bday here. At check in we got in line at a perfect time, we did have to wait about ten minutes, but the people behind did wait longer just to get checked in. They were'nt very friendy or welcoming. Our room was perfect, on the 25th floor, great Belaggio fountain view, beautiful at night. Yes the rooms are dark, but perfect for us since we did partake in the Vegas nightlife and we would sleep in till noon or so. Room and casino were very clean, great plush bed, just like if we were at home.	
Oct 21 2009 	Music too Loud	Stayed at Planet Hollywood (PH) this month. Think we stayed at the wrong hotel. This hotel is for young people, we are young at heart, but the music was so loud in the casino, in the restaurants (except fine dining) and even in the lift and outside the hotel you could not hear each other. As a hotel check in and check out for us was brilliant, but we could see how the queues where for others could have been a problem. The room we had was lovely 5 star (fountain room view)!!! The one concierge was brilliant, but in the day the women took it for granted we new what she was talking about and of course only being there a short time we didnt. However, Las Vegas is a must see..We enjoyed our stay..and would recommend PH for younger people	
Oct 20 2009 	Planet Hollywood is in a perfect location on the Las Vegas strip!	Planet Hollywood is located right in the middle of the strip next to the Paris hotel. It is convienent to the bus across the street which takes you up and down the strip and comes every fifteen minutes. Walking is easy because you are centrally located and there are lots of places to stop and visit along the way. Avis also has a rental location right at the hotel if you need a car. The hotel is new and clean with a modern decor. The rooms are roomy and the bathroom in the Hollywood Hip room was really large and beautiful! The pool is new, clean and enjoyable. The only downside we found was that check in took forever. There was a long line to wait in at all times of the day. Overall it was a great place to stay and we would stay there again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Never Again	I recently had the opportunity to stay at this hotel in Las Vegas (08/17/09 thru 08/20/09). I found the experience less than pleasurable. First off, I had to stand in line for just over 40 minutes, to register. Second, I had prepaid for a King size bed non smoking several months in advance. I was told that you were book and all you had to offer me was two Queen sized beds non smoking. I had just drove for five hours from Phoenix, waited over 40 minutes so I did not make an issue of it at that time. I know it seems petty, but that is not what my reservation was for. Third, there were problems with the sink draining so slow it took minutes to totally drain making it tough to brush your teeth. Also there was an annoying sound similar to that of a washing machine all hours of the day and night.	
Oct 20 2009 	hotel for the boys!	This hotel is new although you would not know this by the condition of the rooms.Our room was the Ten Commandments room - strange in Vegas!The room needed some good cleaning and maybe some &quot;nice&quot; touches like bathrobes and towels that were not like thin old bed sheets.The reception is underground and very very dark not great when you come in out of the Vegas sunshine.Also waited 35 mins to check in.The hotel seems to be designed to attract single guys or hip young things.Think I am a bit too old to want to watch pole dancers whilst having a drink in the bar or watching the casino girls walking about in next to nothing costumes!I know it's Vegas but do you want women &quot;in your face &quot; all the time?Not if you are a woman!And where are all the semi naked guys then!!!The hotel pools are on the 6th floor and are very small.Lots of sun beds squashed onto a roof and when it's hot forget trying to get into the pools!I have stayed in The Luxor,Caesars Palace and The Bellagio previously and would stay again in any of these over Planet Hollywood.Again Planet Hollywood is for young bodies and I certainly wouldn't want to take a child to stay there.	
Oct 19 2009 	1 Stop Shop	This place is in the center of everything...across from Belagio (great water fountain view from your window); variety of shops to shop from; walking distant from to other hotels; best price buffet; kids and adults friendly environment.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Location Great Room and Great Value	For my first time in Vegas this really met all my expectations. This was the second time to Vegas for my boyfriend, and he enjoyed the hotel more than the previous one he had stayed at. The hotel was nice, clean, and modern. The hotel also had a free bottle per night offer and we took full advantage of that. They had good choices on the free list. We played at the casino at PH during the day when the tables were a five dollar minimum, and then moved to O'Shea's a couple blocks away at night.. they have five dollar minimums all day. The video poker machines were hitting well at PH during late nights.Overall, this hotel is great. The location is unbeatable and the value of the room exceeded the price we paid for the trip.	
Oct 17 2009 	Awesome	This hotel looked exactly like the websites pictures. The front desk was easy, friendly, and did everything to accommodate us. The room was clean, bathtub was huge, great view of the strip and beds were very comfortable. The room was huge and you could see the Bellagio fountain show. Over all I would definitely stay there again and recommend this hotel to others. It has everything you need, you dont have to leave the hotel to have fun, its all there with the shops, food, bars, clubs and casino. I recommend the store Stash, Prive and hot topic.	
Oct 16 2009 	wonderful hotel	we stayed for 5 days the week of oct 11 and it was amazing...first when we arrived there was only 2 people ahead of us so we were taken care of immediately..The staff at the front desk were great..we got an awesome upgrade to a resort room overlooking the fountains at the Bellagio and the Effile tower at Paris..The room was HUGE and very clean, the housekeeping staff came everyday and cleaned...The Spice Market buffet had so many choices and the food was excellent..My only issue with the Hotel is the timeshare people they are everywhere..This hotel is a must stay at when visiting Vegas...we are already planning our next trip there and will stay again at Planet Hollywood...	
Oct 16 2009 	Toxic Ventilation	I was so appalled by what was spewing out of the ventilation system in my room at Planet Hollywood that I decided to take samples &amp; photograph it for all to see. Terrible customer service in regards to the issue and a rather pathetic response from management. I would never stay at this hotel again and certainly am surprised it is a member of the Starwood Preferred Guest Program. Any big hotel of this caliber on the strip, that does not properly maintain the most important element of a Hotel room -air conditioning and ventilation- does not rate at all in my book. The dangers of such reckless maintenance procedures should be apparent and I encourage everyone not to be fooled by smoke and mirrors.	
Oct 13 2009 	Very disappointing	I was very excited to be staying at Planet Hollywood, as we have visited Las Vegas many times, but this was our first time there. I was unaware of all the construction in the area, and getting to the hotel was a fiasco. Once we arrived in our rental car, it was a long walk through the mall to get to the hotel. Finally, we arrived at the check in area, only to find a line of approx. 30 people. The person checking us in was not very friendly. When we arrived at our room, it was very dark. We tried using the light on the wall unit, which did not work. Even with all the other lights on, it seemed cave like. Several times during the night, the clock radio kept receiving some kind of feed back. Since we couldn't unplug it, we ended up putting it under the bed. During the night I used the restroom only to have it continue running. I had to wake my husband up to fix the handle so that it would stop. Apparently we had a handcapped accessible room (which we did not need). The shower head was at my forehead and was to be used as a handheld unit. While showering the drain could not keep up and I ended up standing in at least 6 inches of water. Very disgusting! Upon check out, I told the girl the issues we had, and all she said was that she would make a note of it. I have always had great experiences staying in Vegas in the past. As my husband and I were celebrating our 20th Anniversary, I was extremely disappointed with the whole Planet Hollywood experience.	
Oct 13 2009 	Planet Hollywood	Traveled here for a cheer competition. Thought this hotel was located in a great location iwith a fantastic mall attached. I will be staying here again next year. 	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location-Panaromic Suite is a must!	Planet Hollywood Panoramic SuiteWe stayed at the PH for 2 nights from 28th to 30th September 09. We booked a Panaromic Suite as there were 4 of us and we wanted to make the most of a large suite with 2 bedrooms. We had to pay $90 more to add the 2nd bedroom on which was accessed by a separate door as you walked through the double doors into the suite. I woudn’t like to be staying in this bedroom if there was someone in the suite as you could hear the tv! We paid $369 total each night between us which included some resort credits, 2 Swedish massages at the spa in PH (they also paid for the gratuity) and a pair of CHI straightners with full size shampoo and conditioner. We also got the drinks on us promo, we used the vouchers in the store near check in and got mixers at the ABC store in the Miracle Mile which is much cheaper. There was a queue of about 30 mins at check in.Our room was on the 20th floor in the North Tower facing the Bellagio. We had amazing views of the fountains, Paris and Bellagio looking up the strip. We had a wedding theme room which had wedding dresses from films like The Graduate and other memorabilia. The suite was amazing, nice modern decoration, huge flat screen, i-pod dock and wet bar. There were a few crumbs on one of the sofas but that was the only cleaning ‘issue’.The main bedroom leading off the suite had a King bed and views over the fountains with an en-suite and a bathroom that had a sliding door you could access from the suite (if you wanted to). At night the view looking over the fountains were unbelievable, I can’t stress that enough! One night we stayed in playing cards next to the window, watching the fountains going off every 15 minutes. Our second bedroom had 2 queen beds disappointingly, but was still en-suite, clean and modern. Our view was from a small window looking over the suburbs and the airport runway. We were promised 2 bedrooms with King beds and our shower head wasn’t working the first night. We took this complaint to the desk downstairs who sent someone up immediately to change it, although they were rude on the phone when we first rang down. After kicking up a fuss at the desk, we finally got comped the spice market buffet for 4 which was actually very good. We also ate at Planet Dailies for lunch which was very good value. The Miracle Mile shops are quite hard to navigate, we kept getting lost. The casino has a great modern feel to it and is like no other on the strip. I wish we’d spent more time in the casino. I was addicted to the Ebay slot machine which paid out quite well! We also ate at Blondies in Miracle Mile which has Beer Pong on a Tuesday night, it’s like a local college beer night, I would recommend this!!! The pool is on the 7th floor (I Think?) and is very basic, literally just a rectangle and there was only 1 cocktail waitress the day I went. The spa in the resort is very good, it was very quiet when we went for our massages, mine was by a guy called Bernard who was very professional. We made use of the sauna and Jacuzzi which we had to ourselves. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Lively clean and fun hotel in the perfect location.	Just got back from 5 nights stay at Planet Hollywood, Las Vegas. Was celebrating my 30th with some friends and had an amazing time. In brief this hotel is great!!We booked the hotel/flights with British Airways and by flying to LAX Los Angeles we were offered a huge discount. The flights were ok but as we didn't check in online, we ended up sitting separately. We then hired what can only be described as a massive truck from Alamo and drove to Las Vegas. Despite the horror stories I've heard about the drive it didn't take long and was quite enjoyable. We arrived at the Planet Hollywood at 7pm. The hotel provides free valet parking and the valet staff were friendly and helpful. We walked straight up to the well staffed check in desk and the guy who served us was helpful and friendly. He offered me a complementary upgraded room but wasn't able to upgrade all of us so I preferred a room close to my friends. He then gave us all vouchers for discounted shows and gambling. We were also given vouchers for free alcohol. Didn't expect much but got a big bottle of brand spirits or champagne every night!! When I did return to the lobby to collect my free booze I did notice that check in does get busy at random times. Guess we were lucky. We all had rooms on the 16th rooms. They were HIP rooms and each had 2 queen size beds, LCD TV, loads of space and great decor. They were dark but that really suited the contemporary style. The bathrooms had a bath and separate shower and to my girlfriends delight a separate toilet. The rooms were clean and the maid service provided 2 bottles of complementary water daily. VERY IMPORTANT SAFETY NOTE - The room doesn't lock unless the handles in the correct position when you close it . On 2 occasions in the night i heard someone trying the handle (on one occasion it might have been my drunk friend Justin Hurley). The hotel casino wasn't the biggest in Vegas but had a young crowd and energetic atmosphere. The drinks in the casino bars were $13 each so it was actually cheaper to spend a few dollars in the machines and take advantage of the complementary drinks offered by the cocktail waitresses. The restaurants in the hotel were really good. The buffet was $14 dollars for breakfast and $20 for lunch. We ate all over vegas but my favorite dinner was at the mexican restaurant in PH off the casino. Good points - Great location, centre of the exiting part of the strip. Young crowd and lively atmosphere. Good food, free drinks, efficient friendly helpful staff. Ice and vending machines on each floor.Bad points - I didn't win any money!! Nightclubs advertised as free but they tried to sting us for $30 each entry. When we declined they offered free entry for the girls and $20 dollars for the guys. Having being told it was free entry only 5 minutes earlier we decided to leave. No fridge in room (but did have ice bucket which made up for it).When I visit Vegas again I'll stay here again without hesitation. Perfect for me and my friends who wanted a good time and didn't want to spend thousands.	
Oct 11 2009 	About as Average as they come	We took a long Labor Day weekend and spent 5 nights starting September the 4th at the Planet Hollywood. We booked a (Bellagio) fountain view room through Allegiant Airlines in a package that included air and hotel for what I thought was a good rate. We arrived in Las Vegas at 6PM on Friday of a holiday weekend so rather than take a taxi; we went to CLS shuttle. (In the past I have used taxis to get to the hotels quicker, but they have the habit of taking Tropicana all the way to the strip and then inch there way to your hotel with the meter running rather than cut down Koval or one of the other streets that would get you there sooner). We were the first one on the shuttle going on that route so we had to wait about 20 minutes (rather than stand in the taxi line that long) for them to get a few more people, but that wasn’t too bad. Anyway the shuttle did utilize the back streets to get to our destination efficiently and I am quite pleased with CLS. By the way, the thing that I like about them is that on your return they pick you up when they say they will. not 20 or 30 minutes later like some other shuttle companies that I have experienced.The Planet Hollywood hotel itself is pretty average. The main dissatisfaction that I found was check-in. It took us 45 minutes of standing in line to get to check in. They do use a single queue line so that you don’t have to guess which line is moving the fastest, but you would think that adequate coverage could be provided for a check in on Friday night of a busy holiday weekend. This problem persisted all evening as I was back by this area around 11PM and still the line was just as long. There were several unstaffed positions at the reception counter. There is no excuse for this, it is not poor planning it is poor management. They know how many people are scheduled to check in and should provide accordingly. Our room, 2193, was down near the end of the hall and did indeed have a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. The hallway and the room itself were done in dark woods and dark colors and of course they scrimp on the lighting in the rooms so it is always dark. In keeping with the Hollywood theme, the room was done with artifacts of ‘Lost in Space’. The bathroom was large and had a separate shower and tub. There was no refrigerator and of course they want to charge you $13 a day for high speed internet. This is another gripe that I have with ‘classy’ hotels; they nickel-dime you for things that a Super 8 for $60 a night includes as standard. Maid service was very good as it seemed that they watched for us to leave in the morning and whether we were gone an hour or several hours our room was always serviced when we returned. Overall the room was quiet and comfortable and of course a big positive with PH is Location, right in the center of the action on the strip.The casino is average also, about the same variety of machines and table games and the ‘scalp’ rate seems to be standard. I would stay here again if I could get a good deal, but there are usually better deals to be had especially now that things are a little slower.	
Oct 10 2009 	Dissapointing room	The room was dark hardly any lights, small window, lack of storage space. Bed comfy and bathroom ok but it was better when it was the Alladin. Reception was also dark and uninviting Food was good but the hotel was noisy music everwhere. Worse hotel I have stayed at in Vegas.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great stay with great promotions	I booked my trip to Vegas and decided to stay at the Planet Hollywood Resort. Resort is a very loose term because it was more of a hotel with pools, casino and spa. The entire place was extremely clean. It was modern in the sense of decor and hip. The king size bed room that I had was very spacious. The bathroom had a large jacuzzi tub and plenty of space to two people to be in the bathroom at one time. The king size bed was very comfortable and the room was spacious. Each room had a different movie theme and I was lucky enough to celebrate my two year anniversary in the Chucky Room! The pool area had a lounge area with lounge chairs where you can lay out away from the pools. There are two pools, one on each side of the pool area. The pool area has lounge chairs and a few umbrellas to shade yourself from the hot Vegas sun. It can be a bit difficult to find a chair by the pool area but it's not impossible. The casino had a good amount of tables and plenty of slots. The best part of the stay was the promotion they were running. If your stay is a minimum of three nights, each night of your stay you have a coupon for a free full size bottle of booze. You have one coupon that is dated for each night so you can only use the coupon for that date. There's only one selection for each type of alcohol, ie: wine, vodka, whiskey etc. Overall it was a greaqt stay at a hotel centrally located on the strip (next to Paris and across the street from the Bellagio). I would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 10 2009 	Excellent location and facilities but rooms are average	Stayed here for a week and chose the hotel for its central location and recommendation from our travel agent. We needed to be central as other friends were staying at the Bellagio across the road and we wanted to be nearby.On arrival the reception was busy but with so many rooms I don't know what else people expect! Upon check in we requested an upgrade we had read about the rooms on a higher floor that gave access to the Green Room which served complimentary snacks and beverages and also gave you internet access in your room for free. This was $30 per night extra, we also requested a view which was $20 extra. So we paid just under $400 extra to upgrade for our weeks stay. What a disapointment when we go to the room. The 'view' was of a construction site across the road, you could see the strip but only when standing right at the window and craning your neck, not worth $20 in my opinion. The room itself was fairly basic for a 4 star hotel. It was very dusty, the towels bathrobes and slippers were, in my opinion, poor quality. We went to the greem room - the 'snacks' were 2 bowls of nuts and a bowl of fruit and the complimentary beverages were water and some energy drink. Having used lounges in other hotels I was expecting more, tea, coffee and soft drinks as well as a better variety of snacks. We tried the internet in our room and it said we would be charged. Upon asking someone th following morning they said the internet in the room wasn't free the only free internet was by using the PC in the green room.So we didn't feel that the $50 per night was value at all. We were happy to pay extra for a nice room and the extra facilaites but just didn't think it was worth it at all. In the morning we went to the front desk and told them we didn't feel this was value and that the room was dusty. Straight away he refunded the $400 upgrade charge, I think i would have prefered to be moved to a better room but to be refunded the amount was good for us. We did ask for the room to be cleaned again but it was still dusty which you could really see when the sun shined in.i didn't think much of the pool area, very basic and hard to get a lounger especailly on the weekend when it is over run with teenagers.the service around and about the hotel was ok - some staff had a bit of an attitude, esp the bar staff, the time share people were very annoying but you just need to learn how to say no. Mostly they were ok but not the best service compared to other places in Vegas. Although David on reception was very nice.All in all the stay was OK, the best thing about the hotel is its location, its facilities are also good, bars restaurants and casino although I didn't use them all. There was a good atmosphere in the casino and The Heart Bar. If I was to return toe Vegas I wouldn't pick planet hollywood again, I'd choose the Bellgio as that was superb. If I was 20 and on a hen party I'd pick PH. But overall PH was cheap and cheerful!	
Oct 9 2009 	Brilliant location but average hotel	We travelled to Planet Hollywood in September and it took us over an hour to check in. They had only had 3 members off staff checking people in at 4pm on a Saturday. We asked if we could have a room upgrade as my partner and I had just got engaged a couple of days before arriving here. The check in assistant was helpful and upgraded us free of charge to a suite.The suite itself overlooked the strip and the pool and considering it was a free upgrade it was nice but if I would have paid for it, it was definately not worth the money. The bathroom was the most impressive part having a tv in the bathroom, seperate shower and toilet and 2 sinks but the actual bedroom was small in comparison to the bathroom and looked dated. As we arrived on a saturday night the hotel was really busy full off teenage/early 20 year old Americans who has come for the weekend as by Monday/Tues the hotel and pool was rather quiet. The pool was ok, we didnt get a sunbed immediately around the pool as this was full, but there is a large section full of sunbeds just round the corner which was nice and relaxing. We ate at the earl of sandwich which was lovely and very resaonably priced. No other restaurants at the hotel took our fancy so we ate elsewhere. If you want a buffet breakfast you should go to the bellagio, for $14.95 each it was a great price and the food was amazing. The housekeeping left a little to be desired, the room was kept clean and the thread bare towels were re stocked everyday. Unfortunately the pillows were stuffed with feathers and as I am asthmatic I needed to change the pillows. At 4am when I called housekeeping to change them after i had trouble breathing I was told i could only change 2 pillows and not 4(being a double bed). they didnt seem to understand that I could not have any feathers in the room. The lady I spoke to was rather rude and the next day after complaining to reception I then received another 2 pillows. We travelled to the south rim of the Grand Canyon with the Grand Canyon Tour Company. Their driver is brilliant and the price was great. Unfortunatley there were people who could not speak a word of English on our trip who held the bus up by 40 mins so we did not return home till 10pm that night, after arriving at the miracle mile shop valet at 6.10am. The Grand Canyon was the highlight of the trip, it is amazing and I would recommend going to the South Rim even though it is a very long day!The strip itself, quite shocked that there seem to be very few bars outsie of the hotels. The nightlife seems to be clubs or hotel bars. The location of the hotel is fantastic, it is right in the middle of the strip, located near some of the best hotels on the strip (Bellagio, Caesars palace). For the price it was good, but if I went there again I would stay elsewhere.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location	We really loved the location of this hotel. It is located right in the heart of the strip. The room was pretty standard. One strange thing was that there were only 2 drawers in the room to use and a small furniture closet. This was odd because there was a lot of furniture in the room - just half of it was not functional. The bed was comfy and there was a large bathroom with a deep tub and a separate shower which was great.One downside to this hotel is the time share people, they are stationed at every entrance which means that anytime you come or go or even get near a door they try to sign you up for a presentation. Planet Hollywood is opening up a time share under the same name right next to the hotel so they are really pushing to move the inventory. Be warned, we attended, they did a hard sell, the tickets we were comped were in the back row and we could hardly see the show and they really would not let us leave. Save yourself some time don't sign up.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great business trip	5 day business trip, enjoyable. Favorite hotel on the Strip. Great music &amp; lounges. Convenient location with good meeting facilities.	
Oct 8 2009 	Sister Trip	My sisters and I stayed at Planet Hollywood. The staff is awesome! We absolutely loved the decor of the lobby and our room was really nice. The shower could use a new head, the one we had was crap. The bathroom was big and beatutiful! The voucher for a free bottle of alcohol was awesome! The free bottle is what made us want to stay there over other hotels of comparable price. We were there for fun and sun. We all thought that the pool area could really use some remodeling and an &quot;adult only&quot; area.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location on the Strip - Parking is difficult	My friend and I found the Planet Hollywood hotel to be a very nice hotel with a great location right in the middle of the Strip. You can easily walk to other hotels and attractions on the strip. The hotel room was very nice with a large bathroom (separate tub and shower) and also a good sized room. The staff was helpful but when we checked in there was over 50 people in line and it took the staff about 20 minutes to bring out extra staff to try and clear the line. It ended up taking us over 1 1/2 hours to check in. This situation was caused by the drop off of 2 bus loads of people all at once but the hotel did not appear to be ready for this large influx of people. It seemed like the hotel should have known that this group was coming and prepared better for their checkin. The staff was trying hard to work with each group but it was a long wait to check into a hotel. Also parking is quite complicated for this hotel. The parking structure is about a 1/2 mile from the hotel (very little signage to know where to go) so it is quite a walk if you want to get your car in and out. Also the entrance for the hotel is on the back side of the hotel with no easy entry from the street. If you are willing to pay for valet service then this would not be a problem. The hotel, mall and casino are well appointed and my friend and I had a very good time in the casino. There are quite a few restaurants in the hotel and they gave us discount coupons for the restaurants but we did not eat at them because I was not feeling too well so I can not comment on their quality. The staff tried very hard to accommodate us during our stay and they were all courteous and helpful. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 8 2009 	great rooms - very busy hotel	The rooms at Planet Hollywood are great. Very comfortable, clean and spacious. I had a room with 2 double beds. The bathroom was large, with both a shower stall and a large tub. The hotel is large and busy, so the service was sometimes slow. The cleaning staff did a great job. However, whenver I called somewhere I was on hold for a while. Plus the line to check in and out was always so long. And valet took a long time. As long as you know all this, you can plan ahead for that. Otherwise, the service was good.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location and Very Clean Room	Great location and close to everywhere. Great restaurants and shops right in the hotel. The hotel is new and trendy. Every room has its own movie theme. The only complaint I had was the slow check-in.	
Oct 8 2009 	Our Best Vegas Trip Ever	My husband and I have been to Vegas twice before, and stayed in cheap hotels, but this trip was so much more fun and definately worth the extra expense. We arrived on a Wednesday morning, checked in early with no wait in line and received an upgrade on our room without having to ask. We were expecting a typical tacky, garish Vegas motif and were pleasantly surprised by the wonderful decor of the hotel and whimsical room details. Accomidations were spacious, comfortable and very quiet. Our carpet was stained badly and the lighting was much too dim. The bathroom was huge, but the tub was teeny tiny. There was a small, yet irritating daily &quot;resort charge&quot; for bottled water and a newspaper. There is no coffee maker in the room. Overall we were pleased with our room. The casino was one of our favorites on the strip. The dealers, servers, and staff were friendly, helpful and entertaining. The location is fantastic--just a short walk to my favorite attraction at the Bellagio fountains. We were able to visit everything on the strip (except the Stratosphere) on our 4 day vacation without paying for tranportation except to and from the airport. We wondered why there were no picures on the web of the swimming pools , but once we saw them we understood. If you like to swim and sun in a beautiful atmosphere, don't stay at PH. The pool area is pathetic. By far, the best food we had on our trip was the buffet at PH. I can't wait to go back! Totally worth the price and you can find great coupons very easily. The other restaurants were also great and the selection is outstanding.  Overall, we loved PH--definately a memorable trip.	
Oct 8 2009 	Location is excellent.	You receive much more than what you pay. Ubication is excellent. Food at restaurant is very good!	
Oct 8 2009 	Neat rooms free comps	My now fiance and I stayed here in July of 2007. We got a free room upgrade. The room was a resort room and it was neat! The bathroom was huge and had a large tub and a seperate vanity area as well. The rooms all have a different movie prop in them. We had a nice stay and cannot complain about the room!	
Oct 8 2009 	great rooms and facilities	Four friends and I enjoyed a long weekend at Planet Hollywood. We stayed and played most of our time at this resort. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. The casino and bars had a great atmosphere and vibe. Everyone was having fun. There was lots of opportunity for interaction with other guests. The pools provide a ton of space for sunning, partying and swimming. The layout of the pools is a little awkward with much of the deck space somewhat separated from the actual pools, but the frequent cocktail service makes up for it.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location at trendy hotel!	Since being renovated (from the former Alladin Hotel &amp; Casino--which I've also stayed at) the hotel has taken on a swanky modern feel. I'd say this by far has been one of my favorite trips to Vegas and a lot of that had to do w/ the hotel. Definitely a great location and friendly staff. The rooms were very classy and well kept. I highly recommend a stay at Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino!!	
Oct 8 2009 	There are better hotels in Vegas for the same price.	Just back from another great trip to Vegas. This time I stayed at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and to be honest, although the holiday was great, the hotel was just about average. My comments are about the hotel and Vegas in general.Hotel -The lobby is quite impressive looking and the casino floor is quite modern but the rooms are very dated and in serious need of attention. We had a room on the 21st floor overlooking a building site (soon to be the new Aria hotel). You could hear the building work from very early in the morning.The bedroom itself had everything you would need and the bathroom was large with plenty of towels etc but it just all looked very old and tired. 3 years ago I stayed in a Pyramid room at the Luxor for less money and the room was much better. Planet Hollywood attracts quite a young clientele and this becomes quite apparent during the day around the pool.The pool area opens at 9am each morning. There are 2 swimming pools. One opened at 9am and to get a lounger at this pool you really needed to be there ready and waiting at 9am. The other pool opened at 10am and this one included a VIP area.There was a large area in between both pools full of sun loungers and it never seemed very busy. We always had a choice of where to lie. It really only filled up on Saturday - but then all of Vegas fills up at the weekend.The poolside snack bar was excellent. Great food and very reasonable. A large plate of chopped fruit was only $3 and most hot sandwiches, wraps etc were about $10 including fries. A large bottle of water with ice was $4.50.Food -For breakfast we mainly used Starbucks or Earl of Sandwich on the casino floor. If we were having a late breakfast we would just use the poolside snack bar. There are also a few places for breakfast in the Miracle Mile shopping centre.We also found a very nice Italian restaurant at the Miracle Mile shops for dinner. It is directly opposite the theatre and fountain. The food was very good and quite reasonable priced. A Mexican restaurant beside it was also very good.Our best meal was at the Terrace Pointe Café in The Wynn Hotel. (I recommend the chicken risotto dish if it’s on the menu). My tip would be to book a table at this restaurant (request outside seating – it’s superb) and then head to the “Parasol Down” bar for pre-dinner drinks (located at the bottom of a curved escalator). You can request a table outside for drinks here as well although there may be a small waitlist. The outside seating area is great as there is a wall/water show every half hour. It only lasts a few minutes but with a glass of champagne and a relaxing atmosphere it is really a lovely experience.We also ate at Wolfgang Puck in the MGM. This place was very good. Staff very attentive and the atmosphere was buzzing.Top of the World restaurant at the top of the Stratosphere is also very good.We ate twice in the Grand Lux café in the Venetian and had great meals both times.Shops -The best thing about Planet Hollywood was the fact that it was attached to the Miracle Mile shops. This is a great shopping area without the high-end designer brands.The Fashion Show Mall opposite The Palazzo/Venetian is a great shopping centre with Macy’s, Bloomingdales, Abercrombie &amp; Fitch etc and the Grand Canal Shops in the Venetian are among the best for designer clothes.The shopping is excellent. I filled an extra case for the journey home.Location -The location of the hotel is good as it is just about the middle of the strip. However, due to the amount of road works around the hotel at present, the traffic is often at a standstill and taxi fares are criminal as a result. If I go back in the next year or two I would definitely stay further up the strip at the Mirage/Venetian end as this is where we spent the majority of our time.Taxi –A taxi from the airport was about $10 - $12.Attractions – A gondola ride at the Venetian is quite cheesy but a great laugh especially when the gondolier bursts into song.Nighttime trip by helicopter along the strip is great.The fountain show at the Bellagio will always grab your attention.If you decide to walk along the strip it may be better to walk on the Bellagio side of the road. We tried to walk on Planet Hollywood side and there are large groups of guys handing out cards for strip clubs/call girls and they can get quite annoying after a while. The other side of the road seemed to be quieter but I could be wrong. We normally got taxis to whatever hotel we had decided to spend an evening at. It was quicker and cooler. We stayed during the last week of Sept and the temperature peaked at 103FTo sum up – Las Vegas is a fantastic destination but I really couldn’t recommend the Planet Hollywood hotel unless you are on a hen/stag and it is within budget.	
Oct 8 2009 	Planet Hollywood	I hated it, but I'm a little biased as I am not the slightest bit interested in gambling. Was in Vegas for a conference. Everywhere you go in that hotel there is loud music and flashing lights, and its next to impossible to find the exits so you end up wandering aimlessly through the maze of slot machines, dancers, card tables etc. Its all designed to make you lose your bearing, it drove me crazy until I discovered a trick to finding the exit by hugging one of the walls, and even then I had to work my way through a shopping mall to get to the street. I suppose all the hotels are similarly designed to suck you in and take your money, but this one seemed particularly bad. Plus, I thought I had booked a nonsmoking room but when I arrived they had not actually reserved it and told me they don't reserve room preferences. Its first come first serve on the day of arrival. If I have to go again, I will definitely stay somewhere else. 	
Oct 7 2009 	Disappointing- PH has lost their service to the black velvet jackets	We went for my in-laws anniversary and we disappointed. The service was lacking all around. From the room not being clean (we were given another room) to the housekeeper not being aware of our late check out and opening up the door right after knocking at 11am...to the towels that are over-used (my personal car drying towels are in better shape). My in-law's room was nice except no hot water in the shower and no soaps/ shampoos. That issue was mentioned and no one was sent up. They were still happy...I was not. I really enjoy the spa and location. But for the issues...they gave us a $20 credit. P.S. What is up with the black velvet-esque jackets?	
Oct 7 2009 	stay away from the 2million pull.	we have been caming to planet hollywood (aladdin) and never had a problem.On our last day we went to the 2million pull, in hope we hit the big one! just when it was my turn to push on the button this lady caming out from the side of me allmost running me down yelling no no no as I looked at her boy was she red in the face not because she allmost ran over me because of the game in front of the big screen tv.Not once did she look at he line of poeple looking at her yelling. the lady behind me saidlaura lost her bet she been like this all week.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Experience! Will stay here again.	Stayed here as a last minute change because the Flamingo was booked. Pleasantly surprised and glad for the change. All things good:1) Check in was a total breeze and staff was very friendly.2) Room was comfortable (2 Queen beds).3) Bathroom was huge which was perfect for 3 women getting ready for nights out.4) Food was great at the Plant Dailies Cafe and the Pool Grill.5) Music in the casino was current, upbeat and fun.6) Centrally located on the strip.7) Great shopping at the Miracle Mile shops.8) LOVED the Rock Star The Tribute show at the Harmon Theater. Great performers &amp; musicians. Took us back to great 80's rock!9) Received several coupon books that we used frequently that helped save money all over the hotel (shopping, meals, drinks, casino). Awesome deals that helped us spread our money out. Thank you PH for this perk.Bad stuff:1) Rooms VERY, VERY dark.2) Poor excuse for closet &amp; drawer space in the room.3) Room service needs some service training: bottled water not replaced, room sort of clean.4) Spice Market Buffet lunch food left much to be desired. Only place we ate that we didn't like the food and it wasn't worth the money. Planet Dailies Cafe so much better!5) $5 per day (plus tax) &quot;resort fee&quot; was stupid. I guess it helped pay for bottled water in room (when it was there), free daily newspaper...not sure what else. Isn't that what our room rate pays for? Just add $5 to the cost of each room. Like I said, this seemed stupid. Kind of like the airlines charging for baggage.Bottom line, we liked this hotel and will stay here again when we return to Vegas. Great place for central locale on the strip, good food, shopping, bargains to be found. Not a place for families, but Vegas isn't a place for kids (do I really need to mention this?!)Thanks PH for a great vacation!	
Oct 5 2009 	Dank but crowded.	It was in the middle of the strip. Great if you're into hoards of annoying/drunk uber-tourists, but not so awesome if you're into a little more of a chill scene. We had a nice room on a high floor with a great view of the strip and a super gigantic bathroom, which was great since we had 3 ladies getting ready at the same time. The room's decor was nice &amp; modern with some vintage movie props. There is a gigantic mall built around the hotel which had some super amazing shopping and there were about 20 dining options to choose from. I think that if we had been bigger into the club scene &amp; staying up late thing, we would have enjoyed it more, but in all honesty, I never got used to the swarms of people. It took forever to reach the front of the check in line (30+mins), and we were in the special short line for starwood elite members. Meh. Also, one of the house keepers totally freaked me out, by hitting on me when I answered our room door. Flattering, but I really didn't want to let him into the room after he told me how fine, or good, I was looking that evening. Was he going to try sniff my underwear or something?The casino and was pretty, and there were lots of gorgeous chandeliers... All in all, I found it to be a mixed bag. Cool design.... Lacking in service.	
Oct 5 2009 	Nice stay	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel but it is definitely not a place for families with small children. 	
Oct 4 2009 	Wow....what an hotel :-)	We stayed here for 6 nights. Rooms were excellent, very big and we had a nice view on Bellagio fountains. The best way to start your day :-)))For breakfast we went to Starbucks, 'cause the amount of 16,50 for breakfast is pretty high for small eaters. Last night we had dinner in Koi Restaurant....WOW what a nice view and perfect food.Real good value for such an hotel on such a location in the middle of the Strip in between Bellagio and Paris!!	
Oct 4 2009 	Not sure	This was my first time in Vegas, so I can't compare Planet Hollywood with local &quot;resorts&quot;. I was there hosting clients at the end of September. Overall, my experience was neither bad nor good. I'll start with the positives.The hotel is located in a fairly central location to the other casinos. The Bellagio is right across the street. If you are lucky you will have a view of it from your room. I had a view of the roof of the Miracle Mile shopping mall, but also had a beautiful view of the sunrise every morning.The conference rooms have been recently renovated. The only downside is there is still construction going on. It's kind of hard to have a conference when there is a lot of noise. The construction should be done after hours.The bathrooms were quite nice and larger than they really needed to be. They were also very clean.The bed was comfortable as were the pillows. Nice flat-screen TV.The staff was friendly.As for the negative:The rooms were poorly lit. I had to turn on all available lighting just to iron my clothes. The plumbing needs to be better insulated. When a neighbor takes a shower, the noise can be deafening. No coffee maker. Internet is $13.99 per day. They can't even match what Super 8 Motels give to guest? I know most higher end hotels pull this, but it still doesn't make it right.The slot machines aren't the loosest I've ever seen. Of course, it could have just been my luck.The check-in process is very slow and we didn't even have to wait in line. There are no seats in the lobby, so if you use it to congregate with your group bring comfortable shoes.I would not recommend this hotel for business meetings. I do, however, think it would be a great place to hangout with friends.	
Oct 3 2009 	Loved the hotel HATE the Westgate timeshare corporation PLEASE READ!	We had a great time at the Planet Hollywood Hotel. We visited for my 40th birthday and I certainly had an unforgetable birthday -- however, not for the right reasons! Let me begin this story...We flew into Vegas on Tuesday, September 29th and sailed right throught airport, into a taxi and right to Planet Hollywood. Check in couldn't have been easier -- I stood in line for about 3 minutes, my room was ready and we began our vacation without a single bump in the road!Our room was exactly what we thought -- on the 38th floor -- spacious with a king size bed and AMAZING view of the Bellagio fountain! We had access to the Green Room which had ice cold bottled water and little snacks to enjoy! Seriously, what could go wrong?The next day, we set out to get tickets to shows and enjoy Las Vegas and all it has to offer! We noticed while walking through Planet Hollywood and the Miracle Mile Mall, we were approached numerous times by folks in RED shirts being offered free show tickets/meals/gaming. We dismissed them -- after all, we were busy doing our own thing...we didn' t have time for them!Sadly, we forgot this theory our 3rd day in Vegas. We were approached by a very savy young man with a gorgeous smile and amazingly white teeth! He offered us free buffets and dining vouchers and free show tickets to see Peep Show -- just a few minutes of our time. So, we did it :(Here's how it works...1st. The guest relations folks who work for Westgate corporation (not Planet Hollywood) offer you anything you want for free -- free gambling ($200 worth), free food, free show tickets or a combination of the above.2nd. You must agree to listen to the sales pitch -- 90minutes of your time. So, my husband and I had so far accomplished what we set out to do -- we felt we had 90 minutes to offer (who knows, maybe a timeshare would be of intereste to us...NOT)3rd. You must give the WEstgate folks $20 to ensure you show up for your sales pitch...you get your money back at the end of the pitch.4th. You show up for your sales pitch and this immediate feeling of doom comes over you.5th. 2 hours later, your sales pitch is over and when you say NO, they bring over a sales manager to as how you salesman treated you....here's where our story gets good...Our salesman name was Mark, and he was kind and understood when we said we were not interested in investing a timeshare with Westgate resorts. Mark said we had to speak with a sales manager who was &quot;just going to ask how he treated us and if we had any questions&quot; LIE!!!!! Of course, all sales managers were in a meeting that upheld our time there...I was getting seriously irritated at this point -- we were now at 2 hours into this 90minute talk and no sales manager was available. Finally, the sales managers emerged and KRISTA arrived at our table. She asked the typical questions, but when asked if we were interested in purchasing a time share, we said &quot;no&quot; and so she offered us a different deal. She offered us a $60,000 deal with just a mere $5000 down and then a 17.99%apr for the next 15 years. She placed this on the table and left. I looked at my husband and laughed. Explained to our salesperson, Mark, we didn't have $5000 to put down nor where we interested in purchasing a timeshare. After another 15minutes goes by, KRISTA finally returns. I explain we don't have $5000 to put down and she immeadiately interrupts me and tells me not to focus on the down payment. She then offers us a $10000 deal with a mere $2000 down, 0%financing for 15 months. I tell her &quot;we are not interested in purchasing a time share&quot;. She asks why? I tell her &quot;this is not something that will work for my family&quot; As I'm speaking, KRISTA continually interrupts me and NEVER lets me finsih my sentences. At this point, I am so incredibly pissed off I can't see straight. She asks again, why aren't we interested and then offers a $179/mos. price for the next 12 years. I laugh and say, &quot;it's not happening -- I&quot;m trying to cut back my hours at work , not pick up more -- I want to spend more time with my children and allowing them to partake in their activities and investing in this company will not allow that&quot;. Again, during my time of speaking, KRISTA was interrupting me. She again asked &quot;WHY wouldn't we invest, our reasons weren't valid and were ridiculous&quot;. I then said we like to vacation in upstate New York on Skaneateles Lake and they didn't have places there -- she said they did. I said &quot;no you don't -- it's a private lake, there are NO timeshares there&quot;. KRISTA said they did have property there, so I told her to show me. She then said &quot;if I show you, will you buy a timeshare?&quot; I said &quot;probably not&quot;. So she said, &quot;then I'm not going to show you&quot;. At this point, I was seeing red and wanted to table flip (like Theresa did in the HOusewives of New Jersey). My husband finally looked at KRISTA and said &quot;we are not buying, we don't have the money&quot;. KRISTA raised her hands up in the air, slammed them on the table, and said &quot;fine&quot; and started to push away. I looked at her and said &quot;are you serious?, you'll listen to him and take his answer, but you won't take mine?&quot; She looked me straight in the eyes and said &quot;you weren't being honest with me&quot;. I said, &quot;so you are calling me a liar?&quot; And she looked at me, said &quot;yes&quot; and walked away from the table. I reported her behaior to guest services and filled out a complaint form -- sadly, but not surprisingly, I haven't heard anything. I hope that this will prevent anyone else from making the same, terrible mistake. There is no possible way that the dinner vouchers/buffet vouchers will ever make up for the unprofessionalism that is evident in the Westgate timeshare spiel. And to top it all off, this all happened on my 40th birthday :(I spoke to the Planet Hollywood hotel manager, and he said he would pass along my complaint, but Planet Hollywood hotel is not affilitated with the Westgate resort folks. However, the Westgate folks are like cockroaches all over Planet Hollywood, so you explain to me how they are seperate entities? The new tower is even called Planet Hollywood Tower by Westgate...Just be wary and I highly recommend avoiding the Westgate roaches like the plague.	
Oct 3 2009 	Good stay	Stayed here for 10 nights. Check in was fine, we received money off vouchers for some of the restaurants etc. The room is big with a big bathroom, it is a bit dark but the lights in the bathroom are adequate for putting on make up etc. We really enjoyed PF Changs Chinese restaurant and ate there twice. We also tried out the buffet which was ok and the Earl of Sandwich which was tasty and good value for money. Didn't like having to pay the resort fee for 2 bottles of water per day (which we didn't get some days and when I asked a member of housekeeping she said they didn't have any in stock) and a newspaper which we never read. I think that fee should be optional. It is centrally located to everything and has the Miracle Mile shops attached. I suggest you avoid Prive niteclub in the hotel- it is a rip off, staff are rude, it's small and all the seating was reserved for those stupid enough to pay for bottle service. We left after one drink, unimpressed. There are far better clubs in LV. The casino is by far the funkiest on the strip. Overall a nice hotel to stay in and would stay again as it's Vegas and who spends much time in the hotel anyway?!!	
Oct 3 2009 	Impressed with the new Planet Hollywood	We went to vegas for our 5th time in September and decided to stay in one hotel for one week and another for the second. Our choice for the first week was Planet hollywood.The revamp from the old aladdin has been slow, but it is more or less finished now and they are in fact well on the way into building a new wing to this hotel, which will be very nice when finished. Planet hollywood is a buzzing hotel. It has a modern reception area, very dark though I thought. The casino area sort of goes around in a circle and My husband and I were still getting lost after we had been there a week!! The room itself was huge and modern and the bathroom, also huge, was really good, with two seperate sink units at the opposite sides of the bathroom, a seperate toilet , shower cubicle and a big free standing bath tub. I was very impressed with the room, the only downside being the tv was positioned in a unit which was at the right hand side of the room, so it wasnt easy to watch it from the bed. Also the clothes storage was terrible. We had two weeks worth of luggage and really struggled to find places to put it. the room is big enough to put at least another set of drawers in it. There are two pools, not massive so get there early if you want a bed around the pool. There is, however a big sunbathing terrace with plenty of beds.There are a few restaurants, PF Changs was our fave, a really busy chinese restaurant. Be prepared to wait, but we never waited more than about 30 mins and it is worth the wait.As I said, the casino is buzzing all day and all night.....maybe the Pleasure pit with girls dancing up and down poles above casino tables that contribute to that!!We went to see the show there 'peepshow' It was rubbish, apart from a couple of exceptional dancers and the singers. Wish we'd booked to see something else instead.One thing I didnt like, was the lack of security when going up to your room. There is no security checking you are in that hotel, so anyone can go up in the lifts to the rooms, so you dont know who is roaming around at night!All-in-all a good hotel and I wouldnt hesitate to stay there again or recommend it to others.	
Oct 3 2009 	worth it	i booked planet hoolywood months ago as it was a great deal , on arriving there was a bit of a line at check in , and we were taken to the VIP section , the room i had requested was not available and we were given a free upgrade.to a larger room.the room was wonderful and overlooked the strip , ok not the fountains ,but still was a great view .we used the room service a few times and was wonderful, and the staff thru out our stay very helpful.even when we were asked for I.D at the bar a small inconvenience as we done usually carry it , however the barman explained whyand and was very apoligetic.ive had mant trips to vegas and this was my first time and NOT my last time staying here.also ate here too , try PD CHANGS , GREAT FOOD AND A FANTASTIC SERVICE!!	
Oct 2 2009 	great time had thankyou PH	Planet Hollywood in las vegas was a wonderful experience, 2 swimming pools in lovely casual surroundings, spacious rooms with flat screen tv, great bars with excellent service, buffet was not bad, convenient location on the south strip.Drinks service around the slots i found was a little infrequent, perhaps it was because it was the 5c slots i was playing.Overall i would certainly stay here again, 100% loved PH.	
Oct 2 2009 	Amazing View	This hotel had the best casino that we visited on the strip. The room was very dark and had very few lights. The bathroom was huge. The view from our room was amazing. The bed was very comfortable. As we were on our honeymoon we expected a little luxury and upgrades from the hotel but they didn't do anything. You get money off vouchers when you check in to use in the restaurants. We loved Vegas. I would recommend this hotel as it was value for money. 'Peepshow' was very good, we really enjoyed the show, however don't expect big things from Holly Madison, I think she is in the show to attract people into buying tickets, she doesn't actually do much in the main show. Also the queue into the nightclub was very annoying as it runs through the main casino and people waiting get in your way if you are gambling.	
Oct 1 2009 	Good Times	The room was nice....titanic theme. The beds were very comfortable, and the bathroom was enormous! We had a nice view of the strip.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great for a weekend getaway	Great hotel for a weekend getaway. I wouldnt come on my honeymoon or anything....the rates are usually pretty good, so the clientele is usually the 20-40 party crowd. Which could be a good or bad thing depending on what you want. We just wanted to room to sleep....spent most of the time at the casinos or at the pool. The pool definitely isnt the greatest, basically concrete with a DJ in the middle and a pool on either side. Again, good enough to come for a couple days and party, tan and gamble. Rooms were clean, service was all around pretty good and the free bottle thing is great. If the promotion is still on its definitely worth it.....each night we went down and picked up a free full size bottle of alcohol (gordons rum, smirnoff, etc). Saves stopping at the duty free on the way home!	
Sep 30 2009 	Great view of the fountains	The best thing about this hotel was the view of the Belaggio fountains. Very impressive. Other than that, this was pretty standard fare. The furniture in the room was odd, and had no drawers to unpack suitcases. There was also a big lamp stuck in front of the small window. The pool was in a strange location (on a roof), and was uncomfortably hot and glaring. I'll add one star to the review for location in the middle of the strip. The place was clean and fairly well maintained	
Sep 30 2009 	Wow bright lights	We stayed in a HIP room with kingsize bed a lucked out with a fountain view over the Bellagio Fountains. The room, having led a thrifty life, was the biggest I'd seen descibed as 430 sqft the bathroom had his and hers basins it was slightly more roomy than the twin Qeens room by the fact that the bed took up less space which allowed for a second seat. The TV was bigger the mine at home and the whole was excellent. The Staff were excellent and could not do enough, with room service working all day to appear work a miracle while we were out and be gone before our return.	
Sep 29 2009 	Very tired Hotel compared to the others	Stayed at the PH in Sept with my wife. We got dropped off underneath the Hotel near the Valet Parking, we dragged our cases 50 yds and checked in, then dragged our cases to the room, we never saw a Porter to support us or felt welcomed to the Hotel.We asked for a high room with a view which to be fair we got, the view was awesome, but thats about the only positive.It was the darkest hotel room i have ever been in and very tired ! Everything needed a real good refurbish, the sooner they build the new one the better. The Taps leaked every time you turned them on and the TV was tempermental. Room was clean but not much else going for it.There was a dinner plate in the corridor for three days and still there when we left, its probably still there ! Having walked round most of the other hotels im afraid PH is trailing well behind at the moment.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great hotel great location.	We stayed here September 2009 for 3 nights. Like all Las Vegas hotels it's huge and a bit of a spectacle! The rooms were nice although our duvet covers had a couple of marks on them. we couldn't be bothered getting housekeeping up to change them so we don't know how they would've dealt with it. The beds were comfortable. Not the hotels fault but there was a lot of construction in the area which made it quite noisy almost 24 hours but nothing that kept us awake. The hotel buffet was fab, it's billed as the best in the area and I'd have to agree. There are 2 pools here and they tended to be quite busy. The sunloungers all had about an inch between them.I'd stay here again but would like to try other hotels on the strip.	
Sep 28 2009 	Brilliant - we loved Vegas and PH!!	This was my first trip to Vegas and I absolutely loved it. We had a great time and the PH was a fantastic base as it is right in the middle of the strip.Check-in was fast and room was lovely, with the only disappointment being a lack of cupboard space. The bathroom was huge, as were the beds. The beds were also very comfortable. I'd heard bad things about the pool before going to PH, but in the end it was fine. There are two pools and they are not the greatest but there are plenty of sunbeds and waitresses serving drinks, so you don't have to walk to the bar. We were there over Labour Day weekend which meant that the hotel was full to the brim with guests and the pools were very very busy, but we always managed to get a sunbed!Having never really gambled before I didn't expect to spend much time in the casino but we had a go on the slots and indulged in the free drinks you get if you are spending money in the casino - probably saved a lot of money this way!Didn't rate Prive (the hotel nightclub) or the Heart Bar that much as there seemed to be a lot of attitude. We went elsewhere of an evening.On the last night we asked for a late checkout and the hotel were happy to extend our checkout time by 2 hours - the extra sleep was invaluable!Overall I had a fab time and would definitely recommend this hotel. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because room service trays with half eaten food on were left outside on the corridor for over 24 hours before being collected. This made the corridors smell and was unpleasant. I phoned reception to ask if someone could remove these trays (they weren't even ours!), but the guy on reception was quite rude and did nothing to assist.	
Sep 27 2009 	Nice hotel great location!	Stayed here for 6nights from 16th Sept and already I'm looking at same hotel for next stay. The hotel is one of the more modern on the strip having been refurbished in 2007 and it does show. All parts of the building are bright and airy, the casino floor is one of the most open around and although it's not themed as such compared with others, there's still plenty going on to look at and keep everyone entertained. Myself and my girlfriend had booked a king size room, but upon checkin this eas unavailable, but we weren't disappointed with the double queen room we received. It was on the 36th florr with a great view of the bellagio fountains and the strip, the room was much bigger than any other standard room we had stayed in and was very clean. We thought that this hotel was aimed at younger people, but after staying we think it is more than suitable for everyone, the rooms are well insulated from the noise, the restaurants are fantastic and the location can't be beaten. Most of the main attractions and sights are within 5 minutes walk, plus some of the best bars and shows can be found in and around this hotel. The only down side for us was the staff could be a little un helpful, it seemed to depend on when you asked them for any help that affected what reaction you got, the earlier in the day the more helpfl they were and the later(longer they were working!) the less they could be bothered to help. But don'tworry as very few things go wrong here, just go out and enjoy the vegas experience!	
Sep 26 2009 	Party Time!	Plenty of reviews here - but here's my 2cents.Firstly, I would just like to say that when you stay at PH you are mainly paying for one thing: Location, location, location. Don't come here expecting exceptional service where your every need is catered too. Some people in these reviews act like that because you are paying a premium you should be treated like a VIP, nagana happen. You are paying for the privilege of staying at PH. If you want to be catered to, try the Skylofts. Another note for the newbie, don't bring your kids. I can't believe how I was tripping over kids sometimes. Hello? This is an adult hotel. Pleasure Pit, hello?We've stayed here twice. 1) The room. Both times, we stayed in a Strip Suite, we loved the room and it had an outstanding view. The bed was super cozy! Housekeeping did a great job during both stays. The bathroom is great! Of course, the closet is tiny and cannot fit everything. Room had two huge flat screens, and a separate sitting area. The room averaged about 220/night.On one visit we had the &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot; themed room which displayed memorabilia like a jacket someone wore, beer cans from the bar scene, still pics, etc. The other time we had the &quot;Universal Soldier&quot; room, showcasing a big poster of Dolph Lundgren, clothes, and weapons! 2) The Casino. We think it's the best looking casino in Vegas. The pleasure pit is a gem! The decor is fantastic - not granny feeling like the big B. Game play was good. had no trouble finding lower limit tables so we could lose our money slower. Drinks came around at a reasonable pace. Definitely a party atmosphere.3) Bars. Staff did a good job of acting like they were happy to see you, for the most part. Some were even downright friendly! There were some sourpusses and weird attitudes behind the bar - but not a big deal, we don't let the little things ruin our vacation like it seems to do for others. There is the Heart Bar, which is directly in the middle of the casino, hence the name. Then there is the Extra Bar on the edge of the casino. You sit there, put money in the machine like a dunce, talk to people, and drink. Good times.4) Restaurants. The Strip House. Way overrated and way overpriced (except for the oysters, those were incredible (TIP: you can order the same oysters from the room service menu. If you like oysters, I HIGHLY recommend you give these a try)). The decor of the place is very cool, had a 20's feel to it. We went once, we won't be back (we paid twice as much for a dinner at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant next door - worth every penny).Yolo's. Great Mexican food, reasonable price, we will be back.Planet Daily's. Nothing special.Earl of Sandwich. Quick AND Delicious!Spice Market Buffet. Only ate there for breakfast - 'twas delicious.Tip for a cheap breakfast: There is a mexican restaurant down Miracle Mile that has breakfast for $1.99. It's cheap if you only drink water, coffee and OJ will make it about $8. I ordered three breakfasts, two for me and one for wifey. Took the sting out of the Prive bill! (see below).Club Prive. We wanted to go to Prive but it was closed, only the section called &quot;The Living Room&quot; was open. It was a good time. Drinks are ridiculously expensive. I went two the bar and ordered a drink for me and wifey. The bill? about $30Poker: Poker room was good. Well, it was good for a while then everything went to hell when I lost everything. Typical scene - out of towners and a few locals looking to clean you out.Pool: The pool is very bland and desolate. Definitely needs a major overhaul. Overall a great stay both times. If you want a party atmosphere, this is a great choice. Just don't get your expectations too high about the service and everything should be fine. - we will definitely be back	
Sep 25 2009 	Newer but just OK for me	BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: Busy place, but check in was fast and easy. The rooms are dark and movie theme decorated. You can tell this is a high turnover place because the rooms are getting tired and worn even though the place is only a few years young. Iron, ironing board and safe provided, but NO coffee maker, NO fridge, and NO microwave. Even though I was careful to research to all the fees charged (disclosed when you reserve your room online), I still got hit with an unexpected $5.99 per day for daily newspaper and bottled water replenishment. Amenities are basic and sparse…iron, ironing board, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, two bottles of water. I won’t stay here again unless I have to. If you are a member of Starwood Preferred Group of Hotels my preference would be to stay at the Casuarina which is just off the strip. It’s quieter, the amenities are better dollar for dollar, and you earn the same amount of points. The biggest thing you’ll sacrifice is that the pool at the Casuarina is dinky in comparison. Not sure I’d stay here again.PARKING: Far but free. According to the concierge the garage belongs to the Miracle Mile (mall). That mall is attached to Planet Hollywood (PH) and the garage is attached to the mall. Therefore you have to either walk through the mall and into the casino to get to your room OR go all the way downstairs and dodge the taxis until you get to the check in desk area. It took me 10 minutes to get from 4th floor parking to my eighth floor room.ROOM: On the small side. King size bed, desk and large hutch. Hutch had two small closets on right and left side with a 42 inch flat panel in the middle. Ironing board and iron in one closet. The iron is cheap and leaked water instead of bursting steam. Room was dark with only four lamps (2 bedside, one desk, one floor) to light it. Bathroom was huge with separate shower and large, deep tub for two. Basic shampoo, conditioner, and lotion provided.FOOD and OTHER AMENITIES: In house restaurants offer good food. PF Changs delivers consistently good food, Planet Dailies is open 24/7 with a decent menu but a bit overpriced (e.g. $15 sandwiches), and a #1 rated buffet whose attraction is having food choices from all over the world. Outside the casino is the Miracle Mile mall with numerous eateries as well. If you get a chance to get a coupon book, get one…it has some money saving offers that might be worth your while, but remember that you have to spend money to save money.POOL: Overrated. Two pools separated by a large sunning area, bar, and grill. One pool has no rental cabanas. It is relatively small considering the number of people staying at the hotel. I found this one gets all the early afternoon sun and starts to get shaded at about 4pm. The other pool is laden with rental cabanas and gets the later afternoon sun. Unlike some other pools, there was no DJ during the week so it felt like going to a neighborhood community pool.FITNESS: Cost is $25 per day, unlimited spa area access. Overall it was decent for basic workouts. Numerous cardio machines spread about but free weights are relegated to about a 12x12 area with two adjustable benches, a limited number of dumbbells/free weight, a squat rack and a compact cable crossover station. The spa was OK. You could get a locker, robe, and slippers and enjoy the wet or dry saunas or hot tub. Break area offered free fruit and beverages. After showering, some basics like lotion, deodorant, shaving cream were also provided. I expected more/better.SERVICE: Good. The staff was helpful, on-the-spot, and professional. The only place I encountered less than courteous service was at the Planet Dailies lounge. I only saw my waiter once – not a single offer to refill drink. I didn’t even have silverware or napkin. Basically he took my order then left. I suspect because I was dining alone and drinking only water that I was not a “profitable” customer for him. I tipped him accordingly.	
Sep 25 2009 	Perfect location hip trendy and great value!	Planet Hollywood is right in the middle of the strip, which is a perfect location to explore the north and south end of the strip. The hotel is stylish, trendy and new. The rooms are clean, spacious with large bathrooms, all the rooms have themes from different movies with movie memorabilia. Perfect for young people as it has a lot of great nightclubs and 2 amazing pools with daily DJs. Their buffet is very good, voted no. 1 in Las Vegas. Lots of choices and cousines from all over the world. Great value for money, would def stay there again!	
Sep 25 2009	"Not Within My Authority"	I would normally have given this hotel rave reviews except for what happened at the beginning of our stay at Planet Hollywood. We were travelling down with twelve friends to celebrate my 40th birthday. ALL of my friends decided to book at Planet Hollywood because I had already booked my accommodation there. Unfortunately, unlike my friends, I was not entitled to a free bottle of liquor every day due to booking before March. When a friend prodded me to say something about getting a free bottle as well when I checked in...the front counter person very coldly answered &quot;Not within my authority&quot;. I was befuddled by the short sightedness of this individual...however, have been happily relaying this story in my staff meetings as to how not to execute on customer service. Indeed, my staff would never suggest &quot;Not Within My Authority&quot; but would simply find someone who understood customer service.	
Sep 24 2009 	Fun Honeymoon at Planet Hollywood	I've stayed at Planet Hollywood two times before and this was the first trip for my husband. I keep going back because of the great value, comfortable beds and central strip location. We got a great airfare/hotel package through Allegiant Air to go to Vegas for our honeymoon. Upon arrival, we mentioned to the desk clerk that we were on our honeymoon and she gave us a free room upgrade.The rooms are very clean and have comfortable beds and pillows. Our bathroom was so large it could practically be made into a whole other hotel room! The bathroom had two vanities which was great for getting ready to hit the town. The hotel was not too crowded and has inexpensive choices for dining. Because Planet Hollywood is attached to the Miracle Mile Shops you never run out of places to see and things to do! Planet Hollywood might not be the fanciest or most glamorous mega-hotel on the strip, but you can't beat the value, room quality and location. After three trips to the Planet, I still can't find something to complain about!	
Sep 24 2009 	Nice Hotel Excellent Location	We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in September whilst travelling around the West Coast. We loved the hotel, it was in a fantastic location in the middle of the strip. our room was on the 7th floor overlooking the pool and Paris hotel. The room was large with two double beds. The room had a large flat screen tv and had two arm chairs and a desk and chair. The room was modern but the armchairs did look a little old. The room was very clean. There was also a safe in the room, there was wifi but there was a charge for this. The bathroom was large and had two sinks, a bath, a seperate shower and a toilet., again the bathroom was clean. There was no line when we checked into the hotel so we did not have to wait. The parking was free for both self park and valet, although if you used valet there was about a 20 minute wait to get the car back. The pool at the hotel was nice and was never too busy. There was always plenty of sunbeds free. We ate at P F Chang China Bistro in the hotel. The food was really nice and it was really good value for money. It is worth making a reservation as we had to wait about 45 minutes for a table but it was well worth the wait.	
Sep 24 2009 	Married at Planet Hollywood!	My fiance (now husband) and I stayed at Planet Hollywood from August 14-18, as we had booked a wedding package &amp; reception at PH. The only negative I can say abut the hotel was the length of time it took to check-in. This was our 4th trip to Vegas in two years, and all our previous experiences with hotel check-in in the city was that the lines (when there were lines) pretty much zipped along. I'm not sure if it was because PH doesn't have as many check-in stations, or if there was just an extraordinary number of people trying to check-in at the same time, but we were definitely in line well over an hour. However, the stress I felt from the wedding went away as soon as I saw our room. We had booked the &quot;Father of the Bride&quot; package which included a two night stay in one of PH's panorama suites. I have never seen such an amazing hotel room in my entire life. The room had a 180 degree panoramic view of the strip, with the focus being the Bellagio founains. The suite itself consisted of a seperate standard size hotel room, and the suite, which included two bathrooms, a living room, dining room, bar area, huge bedroom, and bathroom. The decor was fantastic - so clean, sleek, and modern. The rooms themselves were immaculate. Because it is Planet Hollywood, all accomodations have a different memorabilia theme. Ours was Star Trek, and it was fun to see how the different props and costumes were displayed in the room. It was definitely tasteful. The suite was so large and spacious. I think it was bigger than the condo we live in back home! I never wanted to leave, and it was nice to see how the upper half lives!! Upon check-in room service came to our suite witha basket of cheese, crackers, fruit, and chocolates. Our wedding ceremony was held in the chapel at Planet Hollywood. The chapel was very simple, elegant, and beautiful, and was the perfect size for our 20 guests. As part of the package we had a violonist who performed 3 songs of our choosing. The reception was held in our suite, and there was more than enough room and seating for everyone to eat and dance. The flowers, music, and cake were all customized for us, and the food that was brought up was out of this world, and that was also customized. The bar essentials were also included. The wedding planners and photographers really went above and beyond to make our day special, and the concierge staff was always so helpful. We would call room service and they would be at our door in no more than 5 minutes no matter how silly the request may have seemed. The next morning they brought us breakfast in bed. I've heard all of the stereotypes regarding Vegas weddings, and the event we had at Planet Hollywood really put all of them to bed. We had a beautiful day, and if anyone is looking for a location in Vegas to have their wedding that doesn't involve Elvis or a drive-thru, I would recommend Planet Hollywood in an instant. It was a memorable day for us and our guests.Aside from the wedding, Planet Hollywood is one of my favorite casinos on the Strip. It is very hip and trendy, and there are a lot of younger people there, so we didn't feel out of place like we do at some casinos. There are wonderful dining options like Koi and PF Chang's - while we were there my husband almost walked right into Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes as they were leaving PF Chang's, and he saw Holly Madison walking her dog through the casino! On the day we checked in there was a movie premiere, and the red carpet was rolled out. Very neat to see! The casino has an open floorplan, isn't smokey, is well lit, and just has a good vibe and energy to it. I'd definitely love to stay there again, and even if I don't, I will be sure to hit the slots there on my next trip back to Vegas!	
Sep 22 2009 	Stay away from this hotel awfull place to be!	Just came back from 3 day pleasure trip to Las Vegas. Very disappointed about Planet Hollywood hotel. The only positive side is the location--right in the middle of Strip. Everything else....SUCKS!!! To begin with, I booked the trip one month in advance. The night before trip I called the hotel and double checked--fountain view, 2 quinn beds were promised. As we arrived Saturday around 3 p.m the line was HUGE! Only 4 registers were open for check-in and one of them was for VIP only. We spent one hour in check-in line. No benches, no water, only ads on TV's. Finally it was our turn to check-in. The lady at the front desk ( whose name-tag was covered by her hair) was very unprofessional. Without a greeting she just said &quot; credit card and your ID&quot;. Then she spent another 10 minutes typing something in computer without explanation. It was almost like she was emailing someone. I lost my patients and asked her what's going on. so she said she is searching for room with 2 quinn beds and can't find it! I told her that I called in advance and so on. Also, this lady had a strong oriental accent and I had to ask 2-3 times to repeat. Why to work in customer service when noone understand you? I have the accent myself and try to stay away from customer service. Then she offered us smoking room...noone smokes in my family! Finally after 25 minutes she gave us a key for the room. Room was not clean. I could see crumbs on the carpet and some suspicios spots on the blanket. Bathroom is ugly. Room is very dark, not sure if trying to save energy. View of fountains was from the angle, not good one. Room 2283, 22nd floor. Casino is so-so. Anyways, if you can book Paris ot MGM, much better choice for same money. Stay away from Plannet Hollywood.	
Sep 21 2009 	Planet Hollywood Rocks!	This was our third visit to LV and after 2 excellent stays at the NYNY we decided to be brave and try another hotel. After reading some reviews we were worried about our choice. However, we needn't had worried after a faultless stay.Check in. Due to a short flight delay we didn't arrive untill 4 pm so there was a bit of a Q but only had to wait around 15 mins. We booked our holiday with Virgin so was given a Hollywood Hip room. I asked for a room with a fountain view and after a few minutes the lady at checkin managed to find us one on the 17th floor. ( room 1732 ) Excellent start.The room. Well the view was excellent overlooking the pool and the Bellagio fountains. The room was large with 2 queen size beds. Large bathroom with twin sinks, large tub and walkin shower. One small moan though, the room was very dark and little storage space. The pool. We both like to relax by the pool each day so this area was important and after reading some reviews this was one of our concerns. Well once again did not experience any problems and enjoyed every day. PH has two pools each side of a large sun terrace. Good waitress service though the pool bar can be expensive. You also will need to get there early to have a bed by the pool especially at weekends.Food. We mainly stayed in the hotel to eat. Breakfast in Planet Dailies was a great start to the day. The spice market buffet was also good but our fav was The Earl of Sandwich. Along the lines of Subway but 10 times better and open 24 hrs perfect for that quick snack. One place we did not enjoy was P F Changs. The food was below average and came out luke warm, they seemed a little short staffed. even so the food was poor.The Casino. We love playing poker and felt comfortable in the relaxed atmosphere of the room and the dealers were so friendly too. We had friends who stayed at the Imperial Palace but came down to the PH each night cause they loved the Casino. ( they have also booked again for next year this time staying at the PH). Many bars around the casino The Heart Bar was excellent playing all types of music from the 80's onward.Overall we had an excellent stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone. We will return to LV for our fourth time and definatley stay at the PH. Excellent!	
Sep 21 2009 	A Little Dissapointing	When you arrive at the Planet Hollywood Resort it is very impressive, very showbiz &amp; blingy. We had upgraded to the Hollywood Hip Foutain View rooms &amp; while the view of the Bellagio Fountains was really good the rooms were dissapointing, new furniture &amp; some random movie memoribilia is all well &amp; good but the bathrooms have not been touched since the hotel was the Aladdin - including the genie lamp shaped taps. The bathrooms now feel olod &amp; shabby with weak showers. Not what you'd expect from a hotel of this level. We were also originally put in a room next to the elevators, the noise from the elevators made it impossible to sleep - even when jet lagged. We were moved immediately when we complained &amp; when I asked if this happened a lot I was told yes!!Bathrooms a side it is a funky hotel - didn't spot any stars though. Would recommend seeing Peep Show	
Sep 19 2009 	Excellent location - smack bang in the middle of the action!!!	Excellent hotel - absolutely huge. We stayed on the 32 floor and that was no where near the top!! Our room was spacious, clean and the bed was very comfortable. Out room was the Goodwill Hunting Room. This hotel is the best located on the strip. It is across the road from Bellagio (the water fountains) and has a bustop right out the front. Shopping is fantastic at the Miracle Mile shopping centre. Our only advice is that if you want to go on any tours - we highly recommend the Sundancer Grand Canon Helicopter Tour DON'T book it through the hotel. There is a booking agent down the road from the hotel near McDonalds and they won't rip you off. The hotel staff work on commission so they will try and sell you the most expensive tours and they are a rip off. Would stay at Planet Hollywood again - hopefully will do again soon loved Las Vegas it was AWESOME.	
Sep 19 2009 	okay conference venue	I stayed at Planet Hollywood for two nights because I was attending a conference in the hotel's conference center.I was amazed that it took nearly an hour to check in due to the long line. When I finally reached the registration desk, I was told that no non-smoking rooms in the room category I'd reserved were ready (the official check-in time is 3:00 PM, and my flight got me in at 1:00 PM). Therefore, I had three options: I could take a smoking room (no way!), upgrade to a better room (miraculously, there were plenty of non-smoking rooms ready in the higher categories . . .), or come back in two hours (when the check-in line would likely be even longer). I realized that I was being &quot;upsold,&quot; but I really needed to get some work done and to do this I needed to get into my room. I decided to pay more for a better room that came as part of a package that included free Internet (PH normally charges $14/day for access) and unlimited use of the fitness center (daily charge is normally $25).The room was fine -- a little tired, but clean. It had a nice work area (large desk with good lighting). The fitness center was small and did not have top-of-the line equipment -- not worth $25/day. Since checking out, I've received several marketing emails from the hotel -- annoying. Even more annoying: the hotel seems to think &quot;Upsell&quot; is my first name: the messages come addressed to &quot;Dear Upsell [Last Name].&quot; Bottom line, I stayed at the hotel because it was where my conference was taking place. I would not choose Planet Hollywood if I were visiting Las Vegas on vacation.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great rooms good price and awesome staff!	I booked your standard room for three nights at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in Las Vegas. I tend to book the cheapest room possible when I'm in Vegas because, after all, you don't go to Vegas to stay in your hotel room the whole time. I want rooms that are cheap and quiet (and where I can sleep in until 3 in the afternoon if I want to). I paid about $50 a night through hotels.com.After arriving late at night, I was offered a free upgrade to one of their suites by the front desk. I thought that perhaps he had upgraded me to a room with a strip view, but I had been upgraded to the biggest hotel room that I had ever seen. The room itself was simply stunning. It came with three large flat panel tv's, a huge party room, a great view overlooking the Bellagio fountains, and an air hockey table (which, surprisingly, was the source of much fun).The hotel room itself was great. It had very comfortable beds, great water pressure, and was very quiet. I couldn't have asked for a better room in Vegas.My biggest complaint is with the casino. I'm an engineer and so I study what rules give the player the biggest edge. The rules at Planet Hollywood (especially for blackjack) are not favorable for the player at all. I would head down to the Tropicana or Excalibur if you want to play games that have rules that benefit the player more. The casino is also very loud (I tend to like casinos that are a little bit more quiet). As a side note, the sports book area is very nice. There are a lot of comfortable couches in there where you can watch any game that you've wagered money on.Overall, there's something for everyone at Planet Hollywood. I would definitely stay there again (even if they didn't upgrade me to the suite).	
Sep 18 2009 	total vegas experience	wonderful hotel with great views!we could see the dancing fountain of the belagio hotel from our window.The only problem was that we were so excited being there that we didnt clearly remember where the room was and he got lost many times trying to find it!loved the breakfast buffet and the karaoke parties.For sure we will stay there again!	
Sep 16 2009 	Best trip Vegas strip	planet hollywood arrived waited about ten minutes to check in friendly staff free upgrade to fountain view which was best view ever, all staff friendly and very helpful Hotel clean and rooms done daily.Planet dailes which is in Hotel meals ok but over priced for what they are,Buffet was terrible food all tasted the same, after a few days we had breakfast at planet hollywood restaurant in Caesars Palace full english cannot praise enough and best buffet in town was Treasure Island great food and prices.Trips, go the Grand Canyon what a day we all loved it.	
Sep 16 2009 	Planet Hollywood - Fitness Area	I just returned home from my stay at Planet Hollywood (September 2009) and wanted to report on the Spa/Fitness facilities, they are average at best. I am happy to pay $25 for a nice workout area with updated equipment, Planet Hollywood lacks in both:1, Equipment – Old elliptical equipment and the free-weight area is an afterthought. CRT televisions hanging from the ceiling and no individual headset availability – Note to Planet Hollywood, this is 2009, not 1999, most quality workout areas have individual TV’s at the workout station.2. Shower and grooming area – Old and worn, tiles are missing in the showers and they are in serious need of updating. The old Aladdin theme would be fine IF Planet Hollywood maintained the area. 3. Rest Area – Again, old and worn. The furniture appears to be from the Aladdin era and is in serious need of change. One old CRT television with the majority of channels unavailable. The place was dark and dingy. Juice and water consisted of small Planet Hollywood bottles of water and the tiny cans of juice (only apple, tomato and pineapple. Orange juice must be too expensive.) One positive note, the staff were very nice and helpful. Too bad their tips suffer from such a sub-par area.	
Sep 16 2009 	never going back!!!	Hello everyone. My girlfriend and I decided to go down to Vegas to party and hang out, so we booked a hotel in the middle of the strip. Hotel was okay a little dark we had some burnt out lights and when we called down to have it taken care of the worker that came and said he didn't know what to do. The hotel was not horrible but I will not be recommending it to ANYONE!!!! The hotel housekeeping was horrible, we left a $5 tip everyday and or room was never tip top (ie: smoking room and they took our ash tray). Well lets just say my friend and I felt a little itchy after a few days there and to my surprise when I got home I broke out into what looks like mosquito bites, turns out to be bed bugs!!!! Disgusting!!!!	
Sep 15 2009 	Great hotel.	Great atmosphere, friendly staff, good slot machines. Clean room, good housekeeping. The check-in process was very slow but courteous. The shower is very strange and water ended up all over the floor. The buffet is way over priced for the quality of the food. Renting a car at the Avis desk in the lobby was super easy and they pulled the car up for us and dropped it off. We have stayed in this hotel before and would again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Good hotel.... only problems were with a contract service	Getting to the hotel can be a bit of trick right now. There is a lot of construction going on around the hotel and Hammond is closed at Las Vegas Blvd. This was our first trip to Vega and have no complaints about Planet Hollywood. The check-in que took about 15 minutes or so, not bad since we were about an hour or so before check-in time. The room was clean and comfortable. Plenty of towels and bath accessories. The safe it big enough for an average laptop, however larger laptops might not fit. With the discount coupon given at check-in we found the Spice Market buffet to be a good value and good food. Easy check-out with no unusual items appearing on the bill. The only problem we experienced was with the Avis car rental desk located in Planet Hollywood. Late opening and then got charged an extra days car rental because we returned the car to the Valet as we were instructed, but Avis didn't log the car in until the next day. Phoned customer service and the problem was fixed, but I will go to the airport and pay more for the rental than to return to this particular Avis location. Again, not Planet Hollywood's fault, but the contractor is on their property.I would have no problem recommending or returning to Planet Hollywood if I was ever in Vegas again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Not in the least bit helpful	I stayed at this property originally with the only regret being that i only stayed one night. Now, i am currently at odds with this property. I found a fault charge on my bill and when i called to have it corrected was told only accounting can correct it. I spoke to a supervisor and was told they couldn't look at folio's beyond &quot;Todays&quot; check out date. This is absurd! I've worked at a hotel for many years and to tell the guest they only have access to past folio's Monday-Friday 8am-4pm is ridiculous and inefficient. There is no way a hotel could operate like this. It seems money is there only desire. If you have any issues, i would stay away from CAROL IN ACCOUNTING. She is useless! She asked me to follow her procedures, which reluctantly, i did, and is now avoiding me. Really? Is this what it's come to? Ignore the customer and hope it goes away. Now my biggest regret is that i chose this place to begin with. 11 days later, this issue has yet to be resolved	
Sep 14 2009 	Spectacular hotel for my 40th birthday bash!	Planet Hollywood was the best choice for my party. We had 25 friends join us -not all stayed with us at PH but they commented afterwards that they should have stayed there. The service was excellent! We stayed at a strip suite and it was well worth the splurge. However, keep in mind that the high service charges other reviewers mentioned is definitey true. We ended up buying wine and alcohol in the shopping mall downstairs and kept it in our room for entertaining as the service charges for ordering drinks via room service was very expensive. The location of the hotel was perfect and the restaurants and shopping was ideal for our group. Would definitely book PH again!	
Sep 14 2009 	Loved the room!	Check-in process was very lengthy! We checked in on a Sunday and waited 30 minutes. We understand that Sunday is a busy check-out day, but it was frustrating.We stayed in a Hollywood Hip room and loved the interior. Bed was plush, furniture was nice, bathroom very large (separate tub/shower). The downside to the room was that we were placed right next to the elevator, which was very loud! I would recommend asking to be moved if you find your room near the elevator.Buffet is expensive, but we received a BOGO free offer with our night's stay. Otherwise, I don't think it's worth the money. Loved the location of the hotel! The only downside to our stay was the casino. We had no luck and getting a drink was difficult. But, that's what's great about Vegas, there are plenty of other casinos to choose from!	
Sep 12 2009 	Functional and convenient	Check-in was busy but efficient and the express check out a breeze. The rooms are clean and well serviced, not over the top but a good size. The room was quiet and a good place to chill when I had down time. The only bug was no coffee/tea making facilities in the room. The hotel itself, is just another Casino. Spice Island for breakfast was very average, limited range of healthy food options and the heated options screamed cholesterol. Swimming pool area was just a large baking pan on top of a roof. Definitely not an attractive area and in good need of some beautification, but a good place to get a high dose of UV rays if that's your thing (I've had skin cancer). Bars were over priced and next time I'd be tempted to just visit the ABC store in the Miracle Mile, purchase a few beers there and just walk into the Casino. I wouldn't rave about the hotel but it certainly worked ok for me.	
Sep 12 2009 	blue collar joe	I am a simple person yet I like to travel and do things that most would like to do we are blue collar I have climbed the myan ruins when you could ,seen all great roller coast spots ex : cedar point great! pocono's for horse back riding and dining,FLA disney thing loved epcot, deep sea fishing in cancun and a few others ,but this last trip to vegas I was very disappointed with, I did send a letter to ph first before posting here.ok so here we go hardly was offered a drink when I was on casino floor,but was asked 6-8 times a day if I wanted to take tour for time share it was annoying ,they offered no drinks by pool side you had to go get them yourself, the beds were way to soft and the pillows were awful sorry to say, the buffet was 14.99 for breakfast and 24.99 for dinner I think lunch was 18.99 can't recall, some of the other hotels close by were 19.99 for brunch and dinner eat from 12 pm to 10 pm as much as you like for 20 bucks=)thats what I recall vegas buffets were like,you could get a good italian sit down dinner in NY NY for about 20 dollars and they never stopped asking if you wanted a cocktail. forget about getting coffee to your room it would cost you 15.00 dollars and 20% tip on top of that. the pool side area closes down I think after 10pm so if you want to just go out back and have a few drinks and smoke a cigar such as my husband wanted to no such luck. over all I feel that the ph hotel is for high rollers and not set up for blue collar joe. the good thing from ph was they gave a free bottle of spirits ever night I guess that made up for not getting any cocktails on floor. the earl of sandwich was very good located at casino level in ph good prices and good sandwich,but there are just so many sandwichs one will eat. over all it was not for me a simple person.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed at Planet Hollywood for 10 nights from 30th Aug-9th Sept with my husband and had a great time. We were checked in within 5 mins and upon arrival we requested an upgrade and were given a Fountain View Room (2457) and also requested a Fridge for medication purposes which we were given no problem at no extra charge. Maid service was daily, cleaning bathroom and getting fresh towels etc. Only gripe with the cleaning was the corridors, the floors were rather grubby and hadn't been hoovered the whole time we were there which was a shame as I found rest of hotel rather clean.Our room had two queen size beds which were super comfy and fresh bed linen twice in the ten nights. Rooms were rather dark but that's what lamps are for and there were two lamps and one main light so it never caused us a problem.Bathroom was great, clean and spacious with a fab bath tub and nice marble vanity area and walk in shower which was also good. Hairdryer was also supplied.There are 2 swimming pools one of which didn't open until 10.00am which suited us and we never had any problems getting beds and pool area was kept clean with cleaners regularly coming round sweeping up and removing rubbish.This is a lively hotel and definately geared towards the younger age group which to me is a good thing as not everyone that goes to Vegas is over 50. Music around the pool was good and not too loud as I have read in other reviews albeit there is a DJ at the weekends which I must admit was rather loud.We ate in the Spice Market Buffet and Planet Daillies for Breakfast and both were really great. PF Changs Chinese within the hotel is fab and Earl of Sandwich is superb. Casino is well air conditioned and not smokey in the slightest and yes there are women dancing on tables but did not find this offensive in anyway and half the time didn't even notice they were there. Timeshare people were a pain but we just kept saying no thanks and walking on and it was fine.Overall this was a great hotel is superb location right in the centre of the srip with a bus stop right on the doorstep where you can catch the Deuce Bus which takes you up and down the strip as often as you like if you buy a daily ticket.Bellagio Fountains were absolutely stunning and the Volcano at the Mirage was spectacular and our Gondola Ride at the Venetian was fab.Tip: Avoid Labor Day Weekend, the place was jam packed, inside and out!	
Sep 11 2009 	In the middle of it all	This was my second stay at Planet Hollywood, and it definitely didn't disappoint. It's in a great location, easily accessible to the Strip. We arrive mid-afternoon to a long check out line. It probably took 20 mins to check in on a Sat. We asked for a late check out (it was my b-day and we wanted to sleep in) and it wasn't a problem.We booked a fountain view room, and when we check in we realized we were RIGHT next to the elevators. We didn't want to take the chance of being annoyed/woken by the noise, so we called to change rooms. The reservations man wasn't really helpful - he said he could put us in a quieter room, but it wouldn't have the fountain view. So we walked down stairs, and stood in the check in line (very short this time) and were eventually helped by someone working the Starwood Preferred desk. We told him our issue, and he said 'no problem, we have a king bed, fountain view room on the preferred/premium floor&quot;. We'll take it!! Excellent view, free food in the &quot;green room' and free internet, too. Very nice. Although it was a little hassle in the beginning, we had a great time at PH, and also enjoyed the free buffet (our room came with it) at Spice Market. One small gripe, although there are 2 pools, they aren't particularly deep, and they are very crowded.	
Sep 10 2009 	Loved It!!	We loved this hotel!!The staff were all friendly and we got upgraded to a strip view room at check in. The reception is wonderfully glitzy,and very Vegas!The check-in was fast and the guy very helpful. The room was spacious and clean..with the comfiest beds ever..not that we spent much time in them to appreciate it! The room was darkly lit as previous reviews had stated but we did not mind this at all..the only thing that could be changed is the shower door was clear glass, so some people might not want to get ready in the bathroom and be able to see them having a shower!The pool was nice,and not as loud and of much of a young crowd as had been mentioned-not that we would have minded. The pool bar and snack bar were also good...no soft drinks before 11 but could get a vodka cocktail-we loved Vegas!(The passionfruit vodka slush was very nice!)The casino was big,and clean...but we didn't use it much so can't really comment. There is a starbucks and earl of sandwhich both of which we used alot. The planet daily cafe wasn't fantastic..and my friend got ill after we eat there-and presumed it could only have been from there. We also went to the mexican restaurant which was nice. We did go and see Peepshow,and would recommend it. We didn't go to the club in PH, but probably enjoyed LAX at Luxor the most out of the clubs we went to. The location was fantastic, right opposite the bellagio and in the centre of all the action!We would definately stay here again..and got very depressed about not being back home after seeing the hotel while watching what happens in vegas the other day!We are planning to go back!!	
Sep 10 2009 	really average hotel with a bad makeover	We arrived at the hotel and were faced with an hour wait to check in (I'm lead to believe that this is expected at a Las Vegas Hotel, although there was no queue when I went to the ballagio a couple of years ago). after we were issued with our room key we travelled down some of the darkets corridors I have ever seen. When we got into our room this was not better. The rooms were dark with even with the curtains open. I don't know if this is due to our location (6th Floor) which was the same level as the pool but I did find that it was beyond dark. Also there weren't many light fittings in the room which didn't help with the general ambience.The really anoying thing is that friends of ours were staying in the Flamingo and when we went to their room it was bright and airy and the general feel of the rooms/corridor and open areas was better than the newly refurbed PH.Anyway, I believe that there are better deals than PH and combined with the poor traffic due to the new building/city being build across the way you would be mad to stay there at the moment.cheers james	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Location Didnt want to leave!!	This was my 4th trip to Vegas but my first stay at PH. When we arrived at 12.30 (midnight) there was no wait to check in we got a free upgrade to a resort room! We were on the 9th floor with a partial strip view. The room itself was very spacious, with 2 queen beds, a desk, office chair, a table, 2 sofa chairs and a huge flat screen tv. The bathroom had a huge shower, huge bath and two sinks!The hotel itself is in the perfect location right at the centre of all the action, there is a great shopping mall built into the hotel which is very conveinent. While I was staying there I saw peepshow starring Holly Madison a great show also. The only slight negative is there is some roadworks going on which, makes Harmon Avenue closed at the Las Vegas Blvd end. This is only temp while they build the new bridge to link the new MGM City Center project across the street.In Summary PH is a great place to stay, a young hip crowd, I will definatley stay there again on my next trip to Las Vegas	
Sep 9 2009 	Nothing Special	My husband and I were in vegas for our birthday, we had a pretty decent time. While the hotel and our room was nice; it wasnt anything special, in my opinion. We chose PH for the &quot;drinks on us &quot; special, lucky for us we got in on the last day of the drink per night of stay so we saved alot on booze. We did get to see peepshow featuring Holly Madison, which was really good. I was expecting a better performance from Holly but really enjoyed Mel B and the other dancers! The night club Prive was totally over rated! We waited in line for over 2hrs (Jermaine Dupree was featured) and we were on the guest list! Once we got in the club, the music was just average. And people, watch out for the time share folks, they are EVERYWHERE!!!! All in all we made our fun and enjoyed ourselves regardless. I dont think I would stay at PH baring another drink special.	
Sep 9 2009 	WOW this place is really bad!	I'll be honest I can probably write about 2 pages worth about why you should avoid this hotel and just how bad it really is but I just don't have the time. Basically the rooms are weak, the A/C was on low the entire weekend (is the hotel trying to cut a/c costs or something)?? Planet Hollywood is just overall CHEAP. The guest quality - well bargain hunters is what you'll likely find here. Quite the opposite of a hot and sexy (young) crowd. I guess when you've stayed at THE hotel, bellagio, wynn, and the venetian coming to p.hollywood is an ENORMOUS mistake. A joke in fact - You can find much better deals for less money so do yourself a favor and do not stay here. What was really funny is that P.H. has a few channels that are dedicated to talking about how great the hotel is, how terrific the &quot;peepshow&quot; is, how high quality the property and clubs are --- it's all B.S. We checked out every inch of this hotel and trust me when I say it's all hype. We would never stay at this hotel again and here is the real shocker - we actually stayed the weekend for FREE.That's right - did not pay a penny - and would not even stay there if it was offered for free again.sorry p.h. -	
Sep 8 2009 	BEST VEGAS HOTEL	Stayed at Planet Hollywood Hotel and loved every moment of it! We never left the hotel because of all the activities and features this hotel has! We just loved this place and the gambling there is also awesome makes it even better! Its got the perfect location even with the construction surrounding the hotel it doesnt take away from this great location! The rooms are real modern and offer flat screens nice wide bathroom area alog with a very comfortable bed! The pool area is awesome and happening place I only wished it was larger but awesome music and great crowd! I will say this location is more a younger crowd and for those older folks who like to stay young! Just real modern and fun envrionment all over! The food is great and there buffet could challenge anyones on the strip! My wife and I are eager to get back to Vegas and this hotel is partly to blame for that ! lolol	
Sep 8 2009 	Enjoyed the stay	We arrived at around 11:00 p.m. at the hotel. There was virtually no wait to check in. We had the &quot;Drink on Us&quot; promotion, and our deal included several other upgrade (average nightly rate was $149). They promptly checked us in - our rate included a fountain view upgrade, but the only fountain veiw was a room with two queens as opposed to a king...no problem for us. They also explained the free bottle program (a free brand named bottle of booze, wine or champagne each day) and provided the coupons for the other promotions.There was no wait for the elevators, so we found our room quickly and were pleased to find a decent sized room, with a large bathroom with an oversized tub, separate shower, separate toilet, nice toiletries and tons of high quality towels and washcloths. Also, the view of the fountains was fantastic.Over the course of three days, we never waited for elevators, we found plenty of options in the casino (and left with more money than we came with), were served frequently and with high quality service and product while gambling. We used the gym, which was normally priced at $25/day or a 3 day pass for $60, and was well equipped and clean. The pool was nice, but not terribly large. We ate at three places in the hotel - Yolos (very affordable, high quality mexican fare), twice at Planet Dailies (a huge, diverse menu, very tasty and very affordable), and once at the Spice Market Buffet for breakfast (decent selection, decent food...we don't normally do buffets, but had a freebie coupon).All in all, good location on the strip, very good service, good casino, well equipped hotel for most anything you'd want to do. We would stay there again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Mix of good and bad: Great location worn out rooms	My wife and I stayed in this hotel in our trip last August. My sister recommended this hotel to us. She forwarded me an email offering a room (with free bottle of drinks every night!) for only $59. The catch is you have to pre-pay for the first night. I thought why not, we have booked our Vegas flight anyway.The lobby located at the hotel basement feels glamorous. They restored the lobby such that you really feel like a rock star that's about to check-in. However, you'll feel otherwise once you join the long queue of people checking in. Never mind that. They allowed us to check-in early at 10am. (They actually offer a guaranteed early check-in for $25 in the reminder email they send days before your stay. There is no need for you to go for this offer. If you'll go in a low season, chances are, you can check-in early anyway.) The catch was that they only have rooms in the smoking floor. We settled for it anyway, we thought it shouldn't be that bad.The room was clean and as promised in their website, it has a Hollywood memorabilia that is unique in every room. The bed was comfortable and there's an LCD screen TV as well. But the bad thing is that the room really reeks of cigarette smell. We have stayed in smoking rooms before, but it didn't really smell this bad. Perhaps the hotel's exhaust system isn't that efficient anymore.Deciding that we may not survive inhaling second-hand smoke for the next two nights, I asked for a transfer in a non-smoking room. All rooms were occupied except for an accessible room. We have taken the room without bathtub anyway.After a few minutes, we are at our new, non-smelly accessible room. Great! It looks clean, though we thought the room could use extra lighting. The rooms in this hotel were just too dark. Even the light at the desk isn't working—they fixed it anyway after I told them about it. It is quite a challenge to adjust the temperature of the AC as well. The AC unit looks very old.We were warned that it can get a bit flooded in the shower area. I didn't understand what they mean until after taking a shower. The water drips beyond the shower curtain which can flood the rest of the bathroom. We have to use extra towels to stop the water for seeping. If the hotel is aware of this anyway, it would have been great if they rectified it.Our general impression of the room is that it looks really tired. Perhaps when they renovated the old Aladdin hotel, they only refurbished up to the lobby area. More could be done to improve the feel of the rooms, in my opinion.The location of the hotel is great. You can access a lot of neighbouring hotels and casinos in minutes. The Miracle Mile mall is just below for those who just want some retail therapy.Planet Dailies is a good choice if you want to eat in this hotel. The 24-hour restaurant offers a nice spread of Western or Asian options. The service is fast and they are always helpful.Spice Restaurant is deemed to be one of the best buffet restaurants in the Strip. We thought it is just ordinary. No dish was really outstanding. Good thing is our lunch here is free--some Westwood timesharing we attended to for 2 hours gave us free buffet in this restaurant (and $50 for Planet Dailies!).The hotel also has a mini-mart at the check-in lobby floor where you can grab your water, snacks and drinks. It is convenient, but it will be cheaper if you get stuff from the nearest Walgreens or 711.You can secure cheap room rates if you will either subscribe to their newsletter, or be their Twitter follower, or be their fan at Facebook. Perhaps because of its location, this hotel will still be on top of every budget-hunting traveller. I will only recommend this hotel because of its location. I don't really expect much for a $59/night rate. I just hope they improve their rooms.	
Sep 7 2009 	Just Average!!	Got to the hotel, which had roadworks all around the place and the taxi driver had to go a different way to get in, although i was surprised he didn't know!Taxi from the airport $14.We were greeted by a long line waiting to check in, it took nearly 1/2 an hour to get checked in.We ended up in a room not facing the strip. 3684. The room was clean and had a very large bathroom, however we found the storage for a family of 3 was inadequate.It only had one single wardrobe and a couple of draws.The other thing that was very frustrating was how dark the room was, even after turning all the lights on it was still very dark and depressing.The location on the strip was good, although i dont thing we ever really found our way around completly, the whole place is just so big and busy.We did check out the swimming pool, but it too was very busy and not suitable for children, too many youths mucking around.Internet accesswas over $13 for 24 hours, big dissapointment.So overall, the hotel was only a 6/10 for us.As for the area itself, it's not really our cup of tea, but to be subjective, if you like partying, gambling and crowds then it would be ok.We did try and use the strip bus, the deuce, which is meant to run every 8 minutes, we ended up waiting over 20 minutes in 108 degrees, so don't trust it!The hotels are all amazing, loads of designer shops and plenty of eating hols.The fountains are a &quot;Must&quot; they are fantasticWe then hired a car and drove to death valley, and then back to Grand Canyon airport to do a River adventure, which included a flight over grand canyon a visit to Antelope canyon and a 15 mile float down the Colorado.Happy to answer any questions about our trip.	
Sep 7 2009 	Do NOT stay in room 887! Terrible for families!	We booked a room with 2 queen beds. We were very careful to specify that we needed 2 queen beds as we were traveling with grandma and a 1 year old. We even called to confirm our reservations before the trip. After standing in the check-in for over 45 minutes (had to try and keep a 1 year old entertained during this time), we found out that there were no more rooms with 2 queen beds. We insisted and the tired looking girl at the counter said she would try. After standing around watching her punch things into her computer, she finally found us a room with 2 queen beds, but apologized that it would be a fountain view. We said fine. We are assigned to room 887. The room was clean, but very dark. It must have been built around one of the pillars of the building because there are large protrusions in the walls and only a tiny window that looked out to a wall with pipes. There is no mini-fridge in the room. We've traveled a bit with our son and have always been able to use each hotel's mini-fridge to store his milk and yogurt. We call down to ask for a crib and a fridge. They said they'd bring the crib up, but we could only rent a fridge for $30 a day. The crib they brought up was an unassembled pack'n'play. We decided to just push one of the beds against the wall and let him sleep there. We woke up the 2nd morning to find that our bathroom smelled of smoke. I'm not sure if we just got stuck on a smoking floor because it was the only floor left with 2 beds? But the bathroom smelled as if someone had just chain-smoked in it. I used to be a smoker, so I am not oversensitive about smoke. I don't mind it at all, and I do realize this is Vegas. But I don't want to stay in a hotel room that smelled like it when I requested a non-smoking room! We also found on that second day that our room's doorway/foyer smelled like pot. It didn't smell like it from the outside.. just as soon as you walk in, you were hit with it. I spent the next two days trying to figure out how this could be. I searched along the floor, in the doorjamb, everywhere I could look to see if there was a joint hidden or something. The valet service is terrible. We called from our room hoping to avoid the long wait and after being put on hold and then reconnected and then finally connected to valet, we were told that they did not do that. We went downstairs, handed the valet our ticket and had to wait another 30 minutes (again trying to keep a 1 year old entertained).	
Sep 6 2009 	Great stay at Planet Hollywood	From arriving at Planet Hollywood, to checking out we could only find a single fault and absoultely enjoyed our time there.Check in was fast, with friendly and helpful staff, and although arriving early they had a room available for us. We had a Hollywood Hip room on the 21st floor, with good views of the pools and the strip. The room was fairly dark but there were lots of lamps and even a glass table that lit up. The room size was very good with 2 very comfortbale Queen beds. The bathroom was almost as large as the sleeping area, with his &amp; her sinks, a walk in shower, bath and toilet! We found the location of the hotel to be great and within walking distance of some of the best hotels/casinos on the Strip. Paris was next door, Bellagio was opposite and New York New York and MGM were a couple of minute walk away. One downside was the building site for the new CityCenter across the road. Although not great to look at, it didn't disturb us at all, either in the room or by the pools.We found this hotel was quite loud and bright, more aimed at the younger crowd which suited us. The pool area was great, the variety of shops adjoining the casino were fantastic and the range of restaraunts within the hotel meant we didn't really eat elsewhere.The only criticism we have are the Planet Hollywood staff who grab you as soon as you exit the lifts and try to sign you up for timeshare at their new resort opening sometime in the future. Fortunately, we came to know where they stood and managed to avoid them most of the time, not allowing them to annoy us time after time.Overall, this hotel exceeded our expectations and we would definitely return!	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Location Average Hotel. You get what you pay for.....	So let me preface this review with two things. First we normally always stay at the Wynn. Second we got a $199 a night deal for the Panorama Suite midweek including free drink promotion.We arrived early at 11am, and were told the room was not ready but would be ready by 3pm. At 3pm we returned to get our keys, room not ready yet, but the adjoining room we had reserved was ready and we could go ahead and go up and they would call us when the main room was ready. The adjoining room is actually inside the main 1255 sqft suite and when we got up there the room was being cleaned. Obviously a rock band had stayed there the night before. Broken bottles everywhere, broken furniture, the front door had a hole in it. Security was there taking photos. We were told it would likely be 6pm before the room is ready and that if we wanted to stay on the north side (bellagio fountain view) that this is the only room available. We got a few partially sincere apologies, but for us since we had the adjoining room it really wasn't a big deal. At 5pm they called to let us know the room was ready although the carpets were wet because they had to shampoo them to get the booze out.The room was nice and spacious and perfect for us since we had our two infants and nanny with us. Really gave us alot of space to relax, something two standard rooms could never do.Pro: Great room size, great location, great view, great price, free bottle of alcohol everynight of stayCons: Late room availability, even after thorough cleaning room was still very dirty and dusty, towels were like sand paper and had holes, no coffee maker in room, check in staff distant and not friendly.All in all, we liked the hotel because of the room we got. It was perfect for what we needed and the price was great. A similar suite at the Wynn would have been over $1000 per night. So you get what you pay for. We would not likely stay here if we didn't need the suite.	
Sep 6 2009 	Boulevard Suite upgrade from Panoramic Suite.	Was really sad to not get the North View Panoramic suite but REQUESTS are just that not guarantees. On checking in for our 2 night stay (the highlight for me was to be a suite facing North) but was not available. As the hotel was unable to provide us with a view of the Bellagio Fountains they kindly upgraded us to a Boulevard suite at no extra cost, Staff at check-in 1st class. Hotel suite was impressive but the bedroom was the hip room tagged on to the suite. There were 3 large plasma screen TV's &amp; lots of sofa's &amp; an air hockey table much to the kids delight. The room was fine but very dark with trendy black walls (seems this is the updated look) Great for teenagers &amp; dads but not the fabulous view that was for me 'mum'. There was plenty of room for 2 roll away beds. The other room we booked was a strip suite which is supposed to have a great view of the strip. The room was nice the bathtub really big but view from 8th floor was very poor. There were genuine celebrity artefacts in their room which we did not have in our suite. The shampoos etc were definitely bigger &amp; better quality in the boulevard suite Hotel buffett selection was good BUT the maitre-d was rather rude &amp; I felt let the hotel down. She called us a family of 4 then a couple behind to follow her, She tried to sit us down for breakfast in a bank of 4 next to a noisy table of young men &amp; the 2 behind in the next bank of 4 seats. As they had already wandered off we took the quieter bank of 4, When she came back having found them she tutted &amp; had an expression like she was chewing lemons that we had dared to sit in a more appropriate seating for our family. The waitress was then very poor, She took drinks orders while my children were getting their breakfasts, I asked her to come back for their order in a while. She only offered them orange juice or coffee not really a child's choice. Over 10 minutes later she still hadn't come back to offer me milk for my cereal (ask your server) or to see if there was something further (like milk or chocolate milk) she could offer the kids to drink so I had to go &amp; find another server. It wasn't that she hadn't been back to our serving area several times just chose to overlook our table This really put me my back up due to poor service .Can't comment on casino/slot machines but seemed to be large choice. Saw the variety show V earlier in our trip to Vegas at the V theatre, Was a little unsure having read mixed reviews. It really had me laughing particularly as during 1 portion of the show one of my companions was chosen to look stupid on stage. Laugh I sure did! Our companion was given tickets to another show but as it was his last night in Vegas he passed the tickets to my daughter &amp; her boyfriend for their excellent exam results that day. They saw the show 'The Mentalist' &amp; said that they enjoyed it but it was definitely aimed at a more adult audience &amp; that they were the youngest by far. The Miracle mile of shops means there is no shortage of being able to flex your credit card or spend your winnings. In this one hotel there is a better selection of shops than there is in my home town full stop! The hotel in centrally located on the strip &amp; we had a brilliant bargain price wise prior to the upgrade so I would be more than happy to recommend. Did not use swimming pool as time ran out at the end of our trip.I will be giving a rating of 3/5 for service due to the poor experience in the buffet however the service from front desk staff would definitely be a 5/5. The location is excellent but not 100% certain I would stay again. I don't like the dark bedroom walls which is just personal choice as I am more of a Magnolia person light &amp; bright. but the hotel is designed more as a night club style of accommoation.	
Sep 6 2009 	Good hotel - centrally located on strip	We stayed here for one night before moving to the Four Seasons for two further nights. The hotel was ok - checkin reasonably fast (using Starwood Preferred checkin line). Room was spacious and had a beautiful view of the Bellagio Fountains. There was nothing fundamentally wrong with the room, but it looked a bit tired and in need of refurbishing. Same for the bathroom. We were glad we moved to the FS as this was much much nicer.	
Sep 4 2009 	I'd stay again	Ideally situated in front of the Bellagio and next to the Paris Paris, the Planet Hollywood Resort &amp; Casino is a very good hotel with spacious rooms. The casino is really nice and have a place called &quot;Pleasure Pit&quot; in which you can bet in several tables with croupiers in lingerie so you can lose all the money if you are distracted looking at them LOL.I don't give it 5 stars because of the swimming pool, it's not very big. It could be better.We caught an offer by booking.com, if not it would have been a little expensive for me. 5 nights cost 1.750 dollars but we paid only 575 because of the offer so search and compare good hotels because there are a lot of good offers.	
Sep 4 2009 	Perfect	Wow thats what describes this hotel, from the minute we arrived we could not find one fault, we done the valet parking which is free, check in was fast and smooth, bedroom was just great, the size of the room and the bathroom was perfect, yes it was a little dark in the room but do you really want it to be so bright in there, there was enough light in the bathroom if you want to look at yourself! Location on strip was good, we walked up and down and visited most other hotels and this was by far one of the better looking one, the atosphere at night was great, and the food inside was also good. I really can not find anything to moan about, this is a great hotel.	
Sep 4 2009 	Planet Medicore	This hotel was below standard! I will begin with the good, the little good we experienced.The rate was perfect, and it matched the 3 star level of quality. The food throughout the hotel was good, and the only comment would be add more variety to the buffet.Now the bad, extremely long check in line and wait (30 mins.), after we fnally checked in our room was DIRTY (dirty toilet, hair all over the bathroom, visibly used soap, and worst of all used bed linen), and a slow response from management.This hotel is best suited for very young adults who aren't concerned about quality of sevice, and comfort of accomodations.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great location so-so hotel	We stayed in Planet Hollywood on our recent trip to Las Vegas. We took advantage of their US$59 per night promo. We even got free bottles of champagne. The only catch was that we paid before we stayed, which was okay. What we loved most about the hotel was the location. It was right on the Strip so we were able to walk from there to either Encore up north or Luxor down south. We stayed at an accessible room because it was the only nonsmoking room available at that time. It was a good place to sleep at the end of the day but it seemed tired, which we didn't expect when we checked in because the lobby was hip and modern, almost like a W hotel. The room was clean though.The bathroom was huge but whenever either of us took a shower, the part of the bathroom which should be dry would be flooded. We were warned that this would happen and they said this is normal, but I think hotel management should consider installing sliding doors instead of shower curtains so areas that should be dry will stay dry.We also found the food at Spice Market Buffet mediocre. We didn't feel bad about it though because we ate there for free. (We got a voucher from listening to a two-hour talk about Westwood timeshare.) If you really have to eat on-site, Planet Dailies is a good choice. We ate there twice and we loved what we got both times. Service there is satisfactory too. There are other dining options at the hotel but we weren't able to try them.Avid shoppers should consider staying at Planet Hollywood because the Miracle Mile shops are located here. You can access the shops via the casino so you can avoid the sun and the heat.Overall, Planet Hollywood is good but could be better.	
Sep 3 2009 	An absolute disgrace.	This hotel was absolutely horrible. My mom and I decided to go as a belated sixteenth birthday present for me. We were staying on the eighteenth floor in a Hollywood Hip Room. The room was extremely dark. The sink did not drain properly and one of the lamps did not work. Maitenance promised to send someone at 1:00 pm the next day. We got up, got ready, cleaned our stuff up, and went out. We returned that night and discovered that the lamp still did not work and the sink was not draining properly. We also found that the bathtub had not been cleaned (I had used it the night before), and none of the tables had been dusted. My mom called again and they said they would fix it in the morning. The next morning, we were upgraded to a resort room with a strip view. The room was much bigger, brighter, had two vanities in the bathroom and was much nicer. The next morning, we slept in and took our time getting ready. We placed the do not disturb sign while we were asleep. We changed the sign to the housekeeping one before we left. We came back at about 4:00 and discovered that the room had not been cleaned. We received a message from housekeeping asking us if we wanted the room clean. The person my mom spoke to was extremely rude. They said someone would be sent up shortly. We left for dinner and came back at about 10:45. The room was still not made. My mom called again and a maid was sent up. She was extremely nice and was apologetic, yet she trash-talked the employee my mom had spoken to on the phone. An absolute no-no in a professional environment. Because of this, my mom asked for a late checkout. The next morning, we decided to order room service. My meal was good, although extremely large. My mom ordered a breakfast that included pancakes. The pancakes were disgusting. They were cold and hard. We called downstairs and were greeted by rude people. We were disgusted by the way we were being treated so my mom demanded that we have the internet fee removed and the room service fee removed. We got those and we got a Starbucks credit. This hotel was a big disappointment. It was dark, old (even with the renovations), expensive and had terrible customer service. First time to Vegas, but definitely my last time to Planet Hollywood.	
Sep 2 2009 	loud and noisy not for the over 40s	if you like loud music 24/7 this is your place .young girl on reception talks like minnie mouse ,booked a fountains view room when we arrived minnie bluntly told us none avalable sink blocked in allocated room for two days would not recomend	
Sep 1 2009 	Perfect Vagas Hotel	We stayed here for the first leg of our multi centre honeymoon with virgin, what can i say except perfect. The hotel IS in the middle of the strip, it has a massive mall under it so you can shop at any time, like everything in vegas its glitz but not tackey. We would stay here again anytime, our room was massive (didn't have any movie stuff in it thought)We went to the other hotels and i would have to say they have bigger casion's but the point of vegas is to get out and about and see them anyway.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Place to Stay	My husband and I stayed at ph for 4 nights. This was our first trip to Vegas and it was fantastic! Check in was easy breezy (it was around 4pm LOTS of staff on). I asked for a room with a view and got a room on the 29th floor with a strip view and a view of the Bellagio fountains for no extra charge. The rooms are clean and beds comfortable, the bathroom HUGE, lots of towels etc. I thought the makeup mirror in the bathroom for the ladies was a nice touch. The casino is a nice size, but the service is slow to non existent for drinks and the slots are tight. Needless to say we figured that out quickly and gambled elsewhere. Planet Dailies was good once, mediocre the second time. It definitely depends on what you order. The Miracle Mile Shops was great. The ABC Stores are nice for snacks and water. The &quot;drinks on us&quot; promotion at ph was great, didn't spend much on alcohol the whole time. I asked for a late checkout and was given until 1pm at no extra charge. We used the bag check until we were ready to leave. I did ask the Concierge about the Monorail going to the Sahara and she didn't seem to know, so we ended up taking a cab to the Stratospere for $16 only to find out the Monorail DID go to the Sahara!! Bimbo...that didn't impress me.	
Aug 31 2009 	Fab hotel rooms were amazing location was great	We stayed at PH for a week at the end of May this year. We loved it straight away. Apparently we got a free upgrade, stayed in room 2037, views of the strip and MGM Grand were brilliant. Room had Charlton Heston, Ben Hur memorabilia. Was Fab! Room and bathroom were both gorgeous and huge. The bathroom had a large shower and large bath with spa jets. We drank at nearly all of the bars in the hotel, in particular the extra lounge. Also had a buffet breakfast at the Spice Market Buffet, choice was absolutely amazing and so was the quality. Would defo recommend this hotel to anyone going to Vegas! It's a great location, right next to Paris and diagonally opposite Bellagio. The 2 pools were also great (always really busy). The shopping at the Miracle Mile shops is fab and very handy. Would've added pics of the room but we had a trauma and lost all of our photos from Vegas :-( - we've already booked to go again next year tho to get some more :-)	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent Hotel!	I just got back from Las Vegas yesterday, where I went on a family girls weekend with my mom, aunt, and cousin. We stayed at Planet Hollywood because my cousin has stayed before and had excellent service. We shopped on the mile, gambled a lot in the pleasure pit, and ate at yolos, the spice market buffet, and earl's sandwich shop. All of them were excellent. We did not try some of the more pricier restaurants, but had heard they were great. We wanted to spend the majority of our money on gambling, which we did! We also went to the Hawiian Tropic bar (where women get in free and drink free from 12am-2am!) and we went to the pool as well. The bar was great with the free drinks, but a little loud with the karaokee. The pool was extremely packed but we were able to find a couple chairs and it was really nice. We had just a normal room with two queen sized beds. The bathroom itself was almost as big as the bed portion of the room. The bathroom had a huge bath, a seperate shower, and a seperate room for the toliet. It made it very easy for 4 females to get ready! I would definately stay at PH again and very much enjoyed the stay.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good location ok hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights and found the location excellent. The hotel was ok, not the best but not the worst. The parking was free, which was a bonus. The room was large with a large bathroom but there was a problem with the drains which meant that the water took ages to drain away and a load of stinking black gunk came up into the bath. I phoned reception and the problem was sorted by the time we got back in the afternoon. The hotel is ok but not as good as the surronding hotels so we didn't spend too long in it but the location is great being directly across from the Belagio.	
Aug 31 2009 	Best location ...large rooms	We stay in June it was hot 108f/43C .The hotel was in a handy location next to Paris and only a short walk to everywhere .Two swimingpolls but they were not big and deep.15 USD taxi ride to airport. I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking to have a fun time in Las Vegas.An the was a promation from starwoods hotel stay 2 night pay 1/2 of the second night .Stay in front side of the hotel for a good view during the day and night.If you syat friday and sunday you have to pay more than other days ...It s same in all VegasThe room was large. Clean, comfortable and good maid service. Air conditioning is ok. Ice machine on every floor. Large rooms to big for 2 adults you can stay 4 people in one room ...We would stay here again if ever come back to Las Vegas. Stay in Strip side froor 35th was good. The bathroom was large and there was a lot of counter space.	
Aug 31 2009 	it was so bad we left	first off the hotel website was very misleading. the rooms do not look like that. the rooms are dark and dingy, there was what looked like a blood stain on our bed. the showers were fiflty, we looked onto a wall. It was just horrible. i just couldnt stay. the venitian was a way better choose.	
Aug 30 2009 	How Vegas Hotels Should be	Enjoyed my stay - nothing negative to say other than housekeeping needs a little training. Room was good and had a semi view of the Bellagio fountains and close to the elevators too. The casino was great and the bars good, food was also nice. Check out was done express as the line they had was crazy - left a note with my keys to add on my starwood points - never happened, oh well. Spa was also good, the sauna, steam and hot tub nice, the shower needed a little more pressure, hot stone service was ok.Highly reccommended.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel.	This modern hotel is ideally located on the Strip and the front desk staff were warm, welcoming and friendly. The rooms are large, clean and comfortable. The Fountain View rooms are highly recommended. Although not traditionally designed for kids, we found it perfect for our 8, 10 and 11 year old girls. The Spice Market Buffet restaurant is great value with choices for even the fussiest eaters. The adjoining Miracle Mile shops provided further chioces for eating and a great range of shops from high street to high end. The staff throughout the hotel were great, from bell hops to cleaning staff. I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking to have a fun time in Las Vegas.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location great hotel	Good points-Location could not be better, 37th floor view over Belagio fountains was superb!Good size room and bathroom. The Earl of Sandwich....fantastic hot sandwichesPleasure Pit... (you'll see why)Bad points-This hotel had a problem with the drains during our stay, one day the entire casino had a stench of sewerage, which was gone when we returned later,. Also our toilet overflowed (maybe not connected?) but we were moved to another room instantly by reception...a big thanks to Trina who was extremely helpful in quickly sorting this out...all hotels should have front of house staff like Trina, she is a credit to the hotel.As for the time share people, they're everywhere...just ignore them, use your common sense. I fail to understand how people get sucked into this...maybe I'm ultra suspicious of everyone. However there are some good offers, 2 for 1's being handed out on the strip so pick up a few. Also book the shows when you get there, at the box office, they often dramatically drop prices to fill the house.All in all, great hotel. Get a high room with fountain view....amazing!	
Aug 30 2009	I had a Great time not too bad	I felt it could have been more Hollywoodness going on. I wanted to live like they lived in Hollywood, but didn't get that feel when I stayed there. I have stayed at Ceasar's and the Bellagio and felt that they stuck with their themes throughout the hotel and rooms. Now on the other hand, I did get to see Bruce Willis and Shaq, so seeing their faces made me feel like I was in Hollywood, but felt they could have been more friendlier, but I guess they are big stars and get people wanting to take photos of them all the time. The mall was the same as Aladdin, nothing new there. My friend was given a smoking room on the Penthouse floor that had not been renovated. The only difference between my room was I had photos of the movie 7 and props, It was the exact same room! None the less I did enjoy myself and would return.	
Aug 29 2009 	Modern 	Fantastic location on the strip. The rooms are very modern. Great shops right downstairs too!Great pool deck.Only let down was no free Wifi :(	
Aug 28 2009 	Good time at PH	I just returned from 3 days and 2 nights at planet hollywood (tue-thur). We found a good rate on vegas.com for $69 a night. Planet Hollywood is currently running a promotion that includedsa bottle of alcohol for EACH night that you stay in the hotel. Before arriving I was expecting it to be a small bottle and/or non named brand. To my surprise they give out good sized bottle of relatively good brand alcohol. We got a bottle of Sky vodka. You can choose between vodka, rum, tequila, champaigne, wine, and whiskey. We stayed in their lowest priced room (&quot;hollywood hipster rooms&quot;) and found them to be nice. The rooms were clean and well appointed. They have big flat screen TV's and nice restrooms with separate tub and shower. The bed and pillows were comfy. We also enjoyed our time downstairs in the casino. Not much luck winning but there are good looking people all over this resort. We ate upstairs at KOI and loved it! Their food is amazing but pricey. My fiance and I love FAT TUESDAY's and they have one in their mall. We spent a day out in their pool and had a good time. Cocktail service out there was pretty quick and the drinks were good. If you are thinking about staying at PH i would recommend doing so. You'll be sure to have a good time.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great Stay	Stayed at PH for 4 Nights at the end of our USA trip where we went to NYC and San Francisco. The hotel was by far the nicest of our trip and we were really impressed when we walked into the lobby, the hotel is trendy and really well decorated. Check In was a little slow but we put it down to being a saturday and the hotel itself was really busy. The bedrooms were big and well furnished it also had a large TV and big marble bathrooms which had a bathtub and seperate shower. Gotta say though after a few days we did notice an awful smell on the corridors like bad drains. We ate at the hotel most days however we didn't really rate the striphouse (the most upmarket restaurant in PH) even though the service was fantastic and the food was nice but for the price of the meal we were a little disappointed. We went in most of the Casino's on the strip but we all agreed ours was one of the best it had a really good atmosphere. I would definately recommend this resort it is in a good position next to Paris and across the road from the Bellagio, and just a short walk to New York New York and MGM. There is building work going on across the road (the new Mandarin Oriental property) but it didn't cause us any problems. One last point - we were really worried about the weather because it was supposed to be the hottest month however it really wasn't too bad, sure it was close to the 100's but there is air conditioning everywhere and it might be hot outside but its Freezing in the Casinos sometimes you need to go outside to get warm (take a coat or jacket) . This is a great resort and as it gets more established it can only get better.	
Aug 28 2009 	had a great time	Just got home from PH. All the bad reviews are B.S Check in 5 min. Rooms Awsome. Food at planet dalies a ten. bills gaming hall awsome. will stay again.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great Time in Vegas	I took my girlfriend to Vegas for her birthday October 2008 and we stayed at PH. Very good experience. The hotel offers plenty to do...shopping, dining, clubs, bars and gambling. It's centrally located and offers pretty access to anywhere you wanna go on the strip. The lobby is nothing fancy but who cares? We didn't find the music to be too loud. My advice is to stay at PH for a reasonable cost because these hotels are practically on top of each other and you spend a lot of time in other hotels. So..unless you need to sleep in a penthouse, there is no need to pay a whole lot for a room.	
Aug 25 2009 	Good But Not Great	Stayed five nights. Large rooms nicely appointed. What drew us back for yet another stay at Planet Hollywood was the friendly nature of staff and clean rooms in past years. The room was nice but not as clean as we would like. Mold in the shower. One day the room never did get cleaned. Asked for extra towels and never received. Nothing big just the little things that can make a hotel special. We were surprised to learn that there is a resort tax now upon check in. We did not know nor expect the extra charges. A nice hotel or I guess now you have to say resort but was lacking the special touches this trip.	
Aug 24 2009 	Not the best the pushy timeshare people were enough to bring this rating down another star	Husband and I stayed here and let me be up front and say we have stayed at several hotels in vegas...The Palms, Bellagio, Treasure Island so we had fairly high expectations. Planet Hollywood definitely had the most basic rooms, they are nothing special at all. We had to call down to get towels and bath mats. The bed was ok. My husband enjoyed PH's casino and it is large and definitely busy at times. The pit bosses and casino employees were all nice and accomodating. I would not stay at this hotel again for the simple fact of the TERRIBLY annoying timeshare pushers. We were approached everywhere, I dreaded going to the lobby as I did not want to be asked another time if there was a show I wanted to see (this is how they reel you in, they ask if you want to see a show and then bring you over to a desk and try to sell you lower price tickets or give you gaming tokens for a few &quot;hours&quot; of your time). We were sucked into 3 hours of a hard sell for a few tokens to play table games. I was so sorry we wasted our precious vacation time. Even without the timeshare people, the hotel was nothing special...the pool area is very average for vegas. We will be staying elsewhere.	
Aug 23 2009 	Housekeeping hit or miss- Tony N' Tina's- a word of caution for vegetarians!	I recently stayed at the PH with my husband for three nights. We had stayed at the property years ago when it was the Aladdin. I have to say, it was much nicer as the Aladdin. The redecorated rooms had the Hollywood feel, but it seemed like they wasted space with a wall showcasing a movie prop. What was worse was the cords and wires that draped from the wall all over the floor. It just didn't look right. I would have rather had a table with two chairs in that space... For the rest, I'll break it down for ease of reading:Pros:Great deal- $59 a night with a free (full size) bottle of booze each nightCenter stripFront desk staff extremely helpfulNice, large bathroomCons:Housekeeping was really hit or miss. When we got to the room we were missing soap, towels, a bath mat, and the tub was not clean. But when we asked for it to be corrected everything was excellent... until the next day. Apparently if you want your room cleaned at the PH and you don't want to be woken up at dawn you have to call and make an appointment for them to come. I thought that was very weird. Usually when you leave your room the room gets cleaned. Also, the next day we were still lacking towels.Pricey restaurants- if you are looking for a reasonably priced restaurant you will have to go to the mall. Planet Dailies (the coffee shop) was pretty outrageous for what you'd get. They try to down play this and say that their portions are huge. I don't want huge portions. I want regular portions and a regular price. The theme was lacking. When it was the Aladdin it was a really great theme and it was all throughout the hotel- including the mall. Now it's half Aladdin, half Hollywood- but not really Hollywood, just modern. I feel like they could have done a lot better with that. Lastly, Tony N' Tina's Wedding. If you go- ask for the $59 tickets. They won't offer them because they say they have &quot;obstructed view&quot;. There really is no such thing. The theme of the show is a wedding reception so you are seated exactly that way. The entertainment is happening all around you. The show itself was a little disappointing- I expected more entertainment. It really felt like we were guests at a reception, I'm glad I only paid $59 and not the $87 or $140 (VIP) that they wanted. A word of caution- if you are a vegetarian you have to let them know ahead of time. I just assumed (silly me I guess) that there would be a vegetarian option at the buffet. There was not. The chef was nice enough to make me up a plate of linguine, but I felt it was ridiculous for all three entrees in the buffet to have meat or be cooked in meat. Overall, if you want a decent hotel room, center strip, great price this is a good option.	
Aug 23 2009 	My pro's and con's of PH...	I can relate to Little Jenny's review. My wife and I stayed 3 nights in the Hollywood Hip room with a view of the ongoing CityCenter project. Not a pleasant view due to the construction but you can see all the way down to Mandalay Bay. We had great service when we checked in. You get free liquor on each night you stay and that was PH's great marketing move: Skyy vodka, champagne, rum, etc. Good size bottles, not the travel size. All was great until we ran into the timeshare workers who are placed strategically by the elevators. They tried to suck us into a timeshare scam. Pushy lady too. The room was nice and modern with a bar area and flat screen, a nice bed and cool Hollywood film prop's. However the bathroom was not clean and we were missing a bath mat and the tub had viewable dust all over. Also key amenities were missing. I requested the cleanup and extra towels and they cleaned up immediately. Also the toilet wasn't flushing but they fixed it. On our second day they did not clean our room because we had the &quot;don't disturb&quot; sign on the door. However there were several maids working on nearby rooms and I know that one of them saw us leave. All they had to do was go in. So we were surprised to come back and find our room not cleaned. Bizarre. So I made another call and they did clean up that early evening. They seemed very prompt whenever you made a request. They never said &quot;Sorry.&quot; The Planet Dailies coffee shop was tasty but expensive. Nice wattress with good service. The Heart Bar was sleek but nothing fancy. We saw the show &quot;Tony and Tina's Wedding.&quot; It feels like you're really at a wedding/reception with this crazy wedding family, I had fun but I was actually a bit bored. I expected more interaction with the actors and most of the time you can't hear their voices since they had no mic's. The ticket office warned of possible obstructed seats - but we bought these discounted seats and it was fine. However the show included dinner, champagne and dessert and it was good. The Pleasure Pit with dancers on tables in the blackjack area is just another tactic by Vega$ to bring more sex appeal. They couldn't advertise enough on &quot;Peepshow&quot;, because everywhere you looked you saw the show's ad from the casino to your room's magazine to the elevator to even the TV remote cover. Vega$ is trying too hard to be hip. No need for dancers at a casino, leave that to Olympic Garden. Remember that this property used to The Aladdin. The bathroom sink fixtures in our room and the Miracle Mile Shop still has The Aladdin theme. They could've done a Hollywood walk of fame theme or something more Hollywood but I guess there was a cost issue. Overall, still a cool mall but lacked originality. PH is modern and sleek, a great looking lobby and casino, but it definitely needs to step up in housekeeping. Overall, a nice stay.	
Aug 23 2009 	Good hotel in a great location	My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights and had a very pleasant stay. The rooms were a good size and were cleaned every day to a reasonable standard. The casino and bars/restaurants in the hotel were also very nice and we had breakfast at the hotel buffet which was brilliant! The best thing about this hotel is its location. It is in a good part of the strip with lots within walking distance.	
Aug 22 2009 	Fantastic - can't wait to go back!	Group of 10 went (ages from 21 - 50+) All thought this was a great hotel, fantastic atmosphere. Great pool area. Heart bar in the middle of the casino was a great place to meet up &amp; service was excellent. Would definately recommend	
Aug 21 2009 	Don't expect much if you stay here	I spent two nights here as part of a US tour and this hotel was truly disappointing! The rooms are ok but service is dire - we had a broken light which took two calls to housekeeping to get fixed, our cases took nearly two hours to be bought up from our coach and they had delivered one to someone else! Also it took me 90 minutes to try and arrange to make an international phone call and despite seeing and speaking to more than seven different staff this was never sorted out and I ended up having to find a shop to buy a phone card! On our second day the bathroom was not cleaned and towels were left all over the floor. Aside from this the hotel is centrally located however outside the building you are inundated with men and women giving out cards for prostitutes - I noticed this does not happen outside the better hotels (Bellagio, Mirage etc). I would certainly not stay here again. This is not what i would expect of a four star hotel in a resort like Las Vegas.	
Aug 21 2009 	One of the best on the strip	Over the past 25 years have stayed at most of the hotels on the strip and Planet Hollywood is one of the best. All of the staff make you feel welcome and appreciated. Being one of the few stand alone resorts on the Vegas strip thay comp better than the big guys. They value the people that stay and play with them more than others. The huge mall attached to Plant Hollywood is plus with all kinds of shopping from basic to high end and something for every one.	
Aug 21 2009 	VEGAS BABY!!! This is what its all about..	We stayed at Planet Hollywood for 5 nights in August, having been to Vegas before at the Luxor we were hoping our second visit didn't dissapoint - Well it didn't!This hotel is fantastic, the location is 2nd to none, right in the centre of it all, the hotel itself looks new, clean and very spacious.We had booked the 'Drinks are on us' rate of $59 a night - WOW!! We requested a strip view and boy did we get one, we looked right over the Bellagio fountains and the swimming pool - we did have a little of the adjoining building in the way but hey we didnt pay for a fountain room. With the rate we received a complimentary 750ml bottle of spirits ( choice from Skyy vodka, Bacardi Rum, Canadian Club whiskey, Gordons gin, a bottle of some kind of champagne or wine and tequila) - This was much apprieciated of an evening in the room mmmmm. - Oh and the bathroom, what a suprise that was to us, one of the largest/ deepest bath tubs I have ever seen, with a seperate shower room and toilet. Bed was incredibly comfortable with lovely bed linen. Room 2763 in case you were wonderingThe casino was one of the best we went in - very cool, attracts a younger crowd, music was great, tables were fun and the cocktail waitresses were attentive and georgous ( I am a straight female). We visited nearly every casino and found ourselves coming back here and feeling very at home.We tried the buffet one lunch time and although it was nice it wasnt the nicest I have tried - however the Earl of Sandwich was fantastic.The miracle mile was fun with some great restaurants (try the brazilian can't remember the name) and shops (not the high end ones either normal high street stores)The only thing I would reccomend is using the complimentary valet service - the parking is miles away from the check in - well worth the tip!All in all an excellent choice you can't go wrong.	
Aug 20 2009 	Nice hotel but lacking a soul	It's modern, nicely located, but a bit cold, as if the place is still half in the aladdin spirit, and does not understand where it should go.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Location	This hotel is very centrally located which means that you could walk to most of the other hotels within 15-30mins. The rooms were very clean and large, but the one complaint is the fact that the TV could not be seen from the bed, but I could see the strip ( MGM / New York New York etc)!! There was a lengthy queue at check in but all the staff were very helpful. The pool was a bit of a let down compared to the other hotels, there is not alot of space by the pool ( and if you want to sit by them you need to be there by 930am), but plenty of other beds but very little shade! The Spice Breakfast Buffet was amazing &amp; def worth a visit!!! I would recommend this hotel for many people, especially with the miracle mile shops.	
Aug 19 2009 	I LOOOOOOOOOOOVED THIS HOTEL	If you want a great experience with excellent helpful staff then Planet Hollywood is for you. They tended to all of our needs and made us feel like superstars and the room was well maintained and unique. I will definately stay here again.	
Aug 19 2009 	Fantastic	This is what a Las Vegas hotel is all about, clean, freindly and with all the things you reqiure for a good holiday. The casino is great and very modern. Food was good and well priced, Starbucks on site.Central to strip so no need for those long walks along strip.Rooms cleaned every day and they would come when requested. Check in was good as was check out(use of express check out)	
Aug 19 2009 	great hotel	Stayed here for 5 days. Rooms were immaculately cleaned daily. Two queen-sized beds in our room! Massive bathroom and separate shower. Beautiful views of the Bellagio and fountains. Staff very pleasant, helpful and courteous. Very central on &quot;The Strip.&quot; No complaints at all.	
Aug 18 2009 	Modern hip casino	Stayed for three nights in August with &quot;Drinks Are On Us&quot; promotion. (Go early to pick up your free bottle of alcohol for the &quot;drinks on us&quot; as there is almost always a long line in the shop throughout the day.) Reserved a room with a view of Bellagio fountains, which was nice. Small line at check in late on Mon. night. Room was large, clean, modern. Bathroom was large, well-lit, nice shower, lovely-smelling bath products. Towels were a little thin and faded looking. Casino had more of a risque vibe due to all the Peep Show ads and scantily-clad women dancing around poles in the Pleasure Pit section. Casino also VERY SMOKEY, much more so than others we visited. Pool very small and basic, so if that is important, pick another hotel. Enjoyed the Spice Market buffet for breakfast. Also a plus to have the Miracle Mile shopping mall attached to the resort. They hosted an actual Hollywood movie premiere one night and we saw Will Ferrell. Fun! Overall really nice place plus it was not HUGE like some of the other casinos so easy to navigate. But a little young and hip for us. Having visited the other resorts on the strip, we would probably try the Mirage next time, which had the lush, tropical paradise feel that suits us better. Don't miss Cirque's &quot;O' across the street at Bellagio. Amazing!	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location best buffet awesome view	We stayed at the Panoramic view suites at the PH, thre adults and a child. The suite is really nice, with a great view of the bellagio fountains and Paris hotel. We love the market`s bufftet, only, very fresh and well prepared food. Also great location and great music in the casino. Love the shopping mall. Nice pools, get early and you can take a nice covered hairRecommended for the young at heart	
Aug 17 2009 	This is Not a 4 Star Hotel	This place is really just okay and definitely not four starts by any standard. The staff is fairly nice and the bed is okay. BUt the list of negatives is just too long. I will try to do this in order of occurance: Main road, Harmon Road closed, so no access. Concierge, on phone same day, told me to take this road. It cost me an extra 50 minutes doing two u-turns in Vegas traffic on LV BLVD. Room is poorly lit and half the lights did not work. Lamps had frozen switches. TV was broken, window was small and curtains were dirty and did not really fit right, bath towels could be used to sand your car. Basically zero amenities in room. MOving on... The nightclub by the state of Nevada. Food in hotel was really pretty bad considering the great food in Vegas. Not an upscale restaurant in the hotel. Pool was okay but rather lame compared to a nice hotel. Food and beverage service at hotel was terrible by pool and at Earl of Sandwich, one of there 3 restaurants, It is basically a slow and overpriced Togo's fast food place. We had to pay in the 150 range due to a busy weekend. I could name many other hotels that would be much better for the price. I would seriously avoid this hotel unless you are broke, in the military or a gang member. Then you will fit in fine.	
Aug 17 2009 	Good Value	It is a small hotel with a small casino but very organaized, and clean. House keeping is available through the day, so for people like me that they are in bed till 11 AM that is great. you only need to put the housekeeping card on the door when you leave your room. I needed to do a late check out and they did that for me as complimentary.To go to the pool area you don't need to walk through casino (in MGM you have to). between MGM and PH, i had good experience in both, but may be a i'm a little bit more toward MGM.	
Aug 15 2009 	Absolutely awesome experience!	Drink lots of water.Make good use of the monorailBring comfortable shoes or sandals as there is lots of walkingHave a great time!	
Aug 15 2009 	Book This Hotel - You Will Not Be Sorry!	Wow! Now this was my idea of what a Las Vegas hotel room should be! This is a Starwood Property, but it was unavailable via the SPG site. Called the hotel direct and got a AAA rate of $79.00 for a Sunday night. Now since it is Planet Hollywood, you are going to get lots of young people there (as we found out during the check-in process). it was a madhouse with all of the people there. However, they have a designated SPG preferred members check-in area which cut out the wait. We got to our room, opened the door and thought we were entering a suite! There is a vestibule when you enter the room and the bathroom is behind two double doors that open into a marble bath with a vanity on either side, a hugh soaking tub, a water closet and a separate walk in shower with a bench inside of it! There are plenty of purple (yes, purple!) towels along with shower gel and the customary shampoo, conditioner and lotion.The room had two queen sized beds and a large 42&quot; plasma TV with two chairs and a glass top table. The internet is charged on a daily basis, and the room has movie memorabilia inside glass or polycarbonate cases inside the room. The Spice Market Buffet at the hotel is a treat not to be missed when in Las Vegas!I LOVE this hotel and will more than likely stay there on my future Las Vegas stays. You can't beat the rate or the hotel amenities!! I LOVE a soaking tub....	
Aug 14 2009 	Good value Great location.	This was our second trip to Las Vegas and we love it. This was the perfect hotel for our purposes as we were just over for a long weekend without the kids. It was a bit weird to go out by the pools (there are 2) and not have any kids running around! I only saw one older kid the whole time I was at the hotel. Most definitely a hotel for adults which suited us on this trip. Tip for those travelling with Virgin - check in for your flight 24 hours before hand! We didn't and had to sit seperately on the way out - rubbish!Our checkin at the hotel however was quick and smooth and we were allocated a reasonable room with views of the strip although there are building works directly opposite the hotel at the moment. However, a warning for those coming on Fridays and Saturdays the check in queues are massive!!!! If you can, come on a Thursday like us we just breezed straight in. No fridge in the room but they will bring you one if you ask reception for no extra charge. Obviously the 'drinks on us' promotion is brilliant we had 2 bottles of vodka and a bottle of champage!The buffet breakfast was pretty good supplying everything you could want and having a starbucks on site is a bonus. The shopping arcade still keeps the previous 'Aladdin' theme which is quite nice. Overall a fantastic value hotel - we would reccommend it.	
Aug 13 2009 	Awesome Vegas Vacation!	My husband and I stayed at the Planet Hollywood Hotel for our 10 year anniversary. It was awesome! The rooms were clean and definitely up to date in decor. Our bathroom was huge with a spa tub, separate shower, separate toilet area, dressing area and flat screen over the tub. Our view was of the Bellagio Hotel and their really neat fountain show. The casino was modern and fun! Earl of Sandwich and Planet Dailies had delicious food. We even had a mall attached to our hotel which was perfect for anybody who loves to shop!	
Aug 12 2009	Planet Hollywood	We have just returned from 7 days at Planet Hollywood. All of the rooms are supposed to have features relating to films, well if you count 2 photgraphs and 1 unlit sphinx then there you go.The room was very dark, although I suspect the idea is the bathroom makes up for this ( I don't think so)If we decide to return to Vegas there are much better hotels to choose from. The pole dancing on the tables might attract a certain crowd, but not us. Refined it is not. Although Vegas is full on.During our stay the T.V. were reporting the loss of licence for a night club within the building called the Living room, for lewd and under age sex. If this your thing go for it!!!!!!	
Aug 12 2009 	Great hotel great casino atmosphere location views...	This hotel had everything we needed! Recently renovated - it is funky, cool, modern and a bit flashy. its a real treat for a trip to vegas - exactly what you expect!Shuttle from the airport was $6.50 and took about half an hour. A taxi is about $15. There was a big queue at check in as we arrived at peak time about 5pm. We got a free bottle of alcohol (we chose champagne - but it wasnt chilled and there was no fridge in the room so make sure you ask for a fridge on check in if you want one, or get lots of ice from the machine!) and also lots of vouchers for $5 off buffet, free bets etc.Our room was on 19th floor and overlooked the pool and the strip and the bellagio fountains... amazing!! It was only one of the standard cheap rooms so we werent expecting much but were reallly pleased. Spacious, very clean, lots of nice fluffy towels and toiletries, well laid out room, massive TV... nothing bad to say at all!The casino was fun, enjoyed the 'pleasure pit' - made things a bit more exciting and generally a good atmosphere. There is a Starbucks, Planet Dailies and Spice Market Buffet for breakfast, we ate in Dailies and it was good! Spice Market Buffet is supposedly best on the strip but i felt a bit let down.. until I had a dessert - that was yummy :)Evening meals there are Yolos (mexican), PG Chang (chinese) and Koi (oriental). We ate in Yolos as we didnt book and at 10pm we couldnt get in anywhere else! It was very disappointing - dont bother. Slow slow service, boring plain food.Planet Hollywood is in a great location right in the middle of the strip, and has the 'miracle mile shops' which are amazing!! Loved it all. Best club we found was at Encore - XS, amazing pool party and great music. Its pricey to get in if you dont have a free pass so be sure to go to one of the tourist desks and blag some free entry tickets!! You need to get a taxi there as its a long long walk down the strip! Also be sure to check out the views from Stratosphere and the food at Seredipity 3, and Moos (big guy working at the tour desk) at CVS will sort you out good prices for day trips to Grand Canyon etc as well as free club entry.Book online for best prices in advance. Only bad thing - no WIFI. Its $13 a day. ouch.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great fun place to stay	We stayed here in June for 1 week with 8 friends. The hotel is great fun - very colourful. My first impression was tacky until I realised that the whole of Las Vegas is tacky and you just have to embrace it:-) The rooms are very spacious and spotlessly clean. Loads of fresh towels left daily. If you're into Spas you'll enjoy the Spa at PH - expensive but well worth it - if you read throught the booklet in your room you will find a 20% discount voucher if you spend $100+. You can also get a voucher book from the Miracle Mile shopping centre which offers vouchers for loads of shops and restaurants. You'll be spoiled for choice when it comes to eateries. I highly recommend The Strip House - expensive but the most amazing steak I've ever eaten - a lit tip if you're in a group of 4 only order a couple of sides and maybe 2 potato selections as the portions are huge! Yolos Mexican Grill do great Nachos and Margaritas at reasonable prices. PF Changs - also delicious. In the Miracle mile there are 2 restaurants you've got to try even if it's only for breakfast or lunch - not expensive - great value for money - Lombardi's Romagna Mia and Ocean One Bar &amp; Grille - very tasty! The shopping is great - make sure you visit the Premium Outlet Centre and buy a coupon book for $5 - best $5 you'll ever spend as you'll get loads of discounts in the already discounted stores. There are also loads of shows to see - if you're on a package holiday your rep may be able to get you discounts on the tickets - We travelled with Virgin and our rep offered loads of discounted tickets so it's def worth checking out. Finally, I'd recommend you buy a Margarita outside the Paris hotel as you get the lovely souvenir balloon for keeps - and the margaritas keep you cool as you trek up and down the Strip:-) I Loved Vegas and can't wait to go back!!	
Aug 11 2009 	Everything you need	Visited for 5 nights with mates who were playing in the World Series of Poker. Its a great location right across from the Bellagio and next door to the Paris. Room was nice even though I didnt have a strip view but for 80AUD a night we paid per room it was great. The casino floor is pretty trendy compared to some of the other casinos we visited and the cafe downstairs has a good breakfast. Only complaint would be the hour and an a half to check-in but the Concierge were really good along with the pool area. Not the romantic hotel nor a great one for families but if travelling with friends I would recommend it.	
Aug 11 2009 	good experience	We had an updated room facing the Bellagio fountains. It was clean and well furnished. The bathroom with separate tub and shower was very large and well appointed. We got a great deal.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Place to stay for anyone!	This was our first time in Las Vegas and PH was a hotel that made our good list. Pros: The rooms were very nicely laid out with plenty of space and were kept clean all week long that we were there. I would certainly suggest paying for the upgraded fountain view room as it was a spectacular view of the Bellagio Fountains. The hotel is not oversized and impossible to navigate around once you get the general idea of where the casino is and the various entrances and exits to both the strip and the mall you will find no trouble getting around. The shopping mall that is attached to PH definetly made everyone happy as it offered many different affordable restaurants as well as different stores to please everyone. They also have two general stores that sell everything from souvenirs to breakfast items should you wish to be a bit frugal for breakfast. The pools were pretty good (there were two) although the temperature of the pool was slightly frigid and the sun begins to disappear behind the new City Centre Towers being built across the street. The casino had all the standard games and most of the slot machines were handing out some coin. The stripper poles in the pleasure pit always drew a crowd.Cons: Although from a bigger picture this hotel was definetly fun and affordable, and yes I would recommend staying here again there were some general complaints that I think you should know about.1- The check in counter is a disaster and I am really surprised at the lack of change given most people are complaining online or in person about this situation. When you arrive they literally have 2 or 3 people working the check in and the line always ends up at least 30 minutes long. There needs to be more people working the counter especially when this is the first impression that guests are receiving.2- The room amenities: The ice buckets were too small and we had to order a few more up to the room and there was no coffee maker which would have been nice to see.3- There are constantly people harassing you to come check out their new condo property and they keep enticing you with bogus claims of free dinners, shows, casino $. Smile once and then walk out through the shopping mall to avoid them.4- The comp dollars are a joke its nearly impossible to rack up anything unless you waste your time on slots.To conclude, I would certainly go back to PH as it was the hippest casino that has a great location, affordable pricing, and size that is not large enough to get lost but big enough to party hard!	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Location Good Food Decent Room	My husband and I just returned from a weekend at Planet Hollywood. We got a great rate through a Starwood connection or we probably would not have chosen this hotel. That said, I was completely satisfied with several aspects of Planet Hollywood. The check-in line was long but when we finally got to the desk, the agent was professional and helpful. He found us large room with a great view of the Bellagio fountains. He also passed along the tip that you can get a $10 discount on the fitness center if you provide your Starwood Preferred number upon check in. The fitness center is usually $25, but it does include all-day access to the whirlpool, sauna and steam room in the spa. The spa isn't very deluxe, however. The room was fine; large, with a comfy bed, good pillows and linens. The TV doesn't face the bed, which is strange, but who watches TV in Las Vegas anyway? The room is slightly worn in general but clean enough that the frayed carpet didn't gross us out. The bathroom was huge with a nice jacuzzi tub and separate shower stall, two separate sink/vanities and a WC with door. The towels are horrible - thin, worn, faded purple things. But overall, we were very comfortable.We had two meals in the hotel; at Yolos Mexican Grill and Planet Dailies coffee shop. Both were far better than expected with excellent, friendly service and very good food. Tip: If you're at the Bellgio and the line for the cafe is too long, try Planet Dailies right across the street. I thought the food was better there.The guests and much of the staff at the hotel are very young. This was fine for us, but people who don't like a club-like environment with loud dance/pop/rock music playing all the time shouldn't stay here.The attached Miracle Mile Mall has the usual mall assortment of shops. The property was formerly the Alladin and midway through the mall the decor reverts to Alladin style, Arabian Nights motif, which is kind of weird. But whatever; it's Las Vegas.For young people, or for anyone who gets a really good rate, Planet Hollywood is a good Las Vegas hotel in a great location.	
Aug 9 2009 	I will definitely stay at this hotel again!!	When we first arrives at the hotel, the check in line was very long. But eventually we were checked in and went up to our room to relax. We stayed in the Laural and Hardy themed room, which also had a beautiful view of the Vegas strip. Everyday we were provided with fresh toiletries and towels. Most of the time we were out visiting other hotels on the strip and the cirque de soliel shows (Zumanity). The miracle mile mall shops were great to shop in, but I am from the south. So a simple Belk or Macy's store would have been heaven for me!! The best restaurants to eat at were P F Chang's and Earl of Sandwiches. There are all types of restaurants outside of the hotel as well to dine at if you just want something simple. The Casino area was very nice, with hip music and a nice upscale environment. I really must say that we enjoyed our stay at PH, it was great. Oh!!! I forgot all throughout the hotel you will be bugged by timeshare reps. Be prepared to keep walking or just learn to keep saying no during your entire trip.	
Aug 9 2009	Great Stay at Planet Hollywood!	This is the place to be if you're under 35. There is a nice energy in the Casino and it's decor is modern/trendy... it doesn't really have a theme other than &quot;chic.&quot; The rooms are nice... we had two &quot;Hollywood Hip&quot; smoking rooms both had clean white bed linens (hard to hide anything with white linens) and a very spacious bathroom. Each room has a 42&quot; plasma TV (though there aren't that many TV stations available), a giant tub, separate toilet area, glass shower, desk, chair, etc. Each room also has a theme with movie props--we had two rooms the &quot;Little Buddha&quot; room and the &quot;Life Stinks&quot; room. I've never watched either movie so I couldn't be in awe of the props but it was still something that you don't find in most rooms on the strip.The only drawback of the location was that there is a lot of construction going on across the street (therefore the street was blocked off creating a bigger than normal traffic issue on this part of the street). The Lobby and Valet/Parking Garage are located one floor lower than the Casino and the Casino itself is large enough to get lost in but small enough to find your way back and very clean (no finger prints all over the slots or empty glasses everywhere). There are plenty of places to eat &amp; shop in the Miracle Mile Shopping Center, though most of the shops are places that you can find at your local mall. For a quick and cheap bite (I use that term loosely since most food in Vegas is a bit more expensive than at home) I'd recommend the Earl of Sandwich--fresh and buget friendly at $6 per sandwich (though the $2.50 Pepsi is a bit steep) and located on the border of the casino, it's a great spot to grab a quick hot sandwich. The elevators have flat screen TVs on the roof and there are a ton of elevators for each tower so that you never have to wait for a long time or ride in a crowded elevator. The halls are a bit plain but quiet. This is a great hotel for everyone except children. There is a Pleasure Pit at night with girls dancing on poles (way more tame than it sounds but not exactly your Grandma's Vegas) and mostly younger crowd--the casino does get crowded but it's still easy to find an empty slot machine... this might be good or bad depending on what you're looking for in a hotel &amp; casino.All in all the Planet Hollywood is a great bargin and fun place to be!	
Aug 7 2009 	Very Disappointing	When we arrived at the hotel only 3 people were assisting guest at the check-in counter and it took forever to complete our check-in. The room was in OK condition, but I expected much more since I've stayed in other hotels on the strip. The maid service was unacceptable, they never even cleaned the floors during our week there. The pool area was full of dirty lounge chairs and broken umbrellas. When we went to find someone to complain to we were given the run around and ended up at &quot;guest services&quot; who's only concern was selling us a time share to their new condos. The only thing they have going for them might be location. I will never go back.	
Aug 7 2009 	Good value for money but valet parking and check in nightmare	Nice new rooms to relax in in Planet Hollywood. Not keen on the Internet Charge however. The valet service for parking is a nightmare as the queueing system defies logic and you are continually told to drive around again.Checking in between 3 and 8 is frustrating. There is a clear staffing issue here in both of these needs. Please employ more staff!	
Aug 6 2009 	Fabulous with Free Upgrade!	Booked a standard Hollywood Hip room at Planet Hollywood for a 2 night girls trip based on the great price we found, location, and larger bathrooms since there would be four of us! We arrived at 10:30 am on a Saturday morning with about four people ahead of me at check in. The wait was less than 10 minutes, had an asian woman named Carrie at check in. I asked if it was too early to check in, she said she would check on what was available. I handed her my ID and CC with a $20 trick sandwiched in between and asked if there were any upgrades available. She said if I wanted to wait until 1:30 they woud have a 2 bed non-smoking Panorama Suite! I clarified &quot;complimentary&quot; (felt a little cheap doing that, but I can't afford the suite!) and she said yes, I asked for an extra key, she said she would give me four! We came back around 1:00 and got our keys and were off to suite 2901! The room was amazing, so spacious and the view of the south strip was awesome. We would just sit in the bar area with a drink and gaze out the window! The beds were comfy, lots of space in the bathroom. In room safe was very big too. Our refrigerator wasn't working so 30 minutes after a call to housekeeping they brought us a new one. The casino was loud and hip, we ate mexican at Yolo's. Very good and affordable, less than $20 a person. I thought navigating the reasort was fine, a short walk to the elevators, Starbucks, or Las Vegas Blvd. Overall I was pleased, especially thrilled with our upgrade. I will stay here again and definitely try the $20 trick. The luxury wasn't what it is at Bellagio, but the atmosphere isn't what it is at Bellagio. For our occasion Planet Hollywood was great, I wouldn't hesitate to come back!	
Aug 6 2009 	Great Time Great Location Awesome Service	You people do it right! Very happy with our time at PH and we will be back.	
Aug 6 2009 	Fits its price point	Friends of ours decided to make a trip to Las Vegas and asked us to join. We frequent the Venetian, but they had already booked at the Planet Hollywood. After a call to a PH casino host, we were set to join them.As themes go, they have definitely improved the place from its days as the Aladdin. The common areas are all very chic, and it is clear that they are targetting the younger Vegas crowd. The lobby area is eclectic and very cool. The casino is laid out well (although it is easy to get turned around, typical of any casino). During the evening hours there is a definite energy in the place. It's unpretentious and enjoyable. The music is better than any place on the strip, and really got you motivated to play. The dealers were a bit of a disappointment, as most lacked the personality of those at other resorts. I found player ratings to be very inconsistent, which is the reason I most likely won't be back. If you are a gambler, beware, and make sure you regularly check with the pit boss to make sure you are being rated fairly. Drink service is above average in the casino, and excellent if you tip well. The sportsbook is relatively small, but there are several small tables and chairs with their own flat panel. This is great if you are with friends and want to catch a game. The manager at the book was great, but I found the other employees to be rude.The pool(s) are small, and get packed early. You need to be out there when they open in order to ensure that you get a spot, unless you have arrangements for a cabana. There is a large &quot;garden&quot; area in between the two pools which you can usually find chairs at, but they are not poolside. Drink service is average.We had a Resort Vista (all the suites had been reserved), and it was average at best. The view was OK, facing the strip, but directly toward the unfinished CityCenter. The bed was very comfortable, but the overall layout was not very good. There are no closets, and the armoire only offers limited space to hang clothes. The fixtures appeared to be worn and almost dirty. The bathroom was large, but bare, and didn't appear to be very clean. The maid service did their job, but also broke a pair of my sunglasses (knocked them off the vanity). I sent a memo to management regarding this, which went unresponded.The hotel offers a decent selection of restaurants, which ranged from average to good. The Earl of Sandwich is definitely worth a visit if you are wanting a quick bite.Westgate, which owns the tower next to PH, has timeshare folks all over this place. I found it to be very second rate. They literally approached us at every turn. They were quick to cease if you said you weren't interested, but to be hassled by this on a casino floor is ridiculous.Overall, it's a fun casino to play in. If that is all you are looking for, then this is a good CASINO for you. If you are concerned with Player Ratings and comps, the fun just doesn't make up for the poor ratings. As far as the rooms, it depends. It beats the rest of the South strip with the exception of Mandalay Bay and MGM, but can't compare with anything Bellagio and north. It just isn't luxurious and clean enough for me to part ways with other Vegas hotels, but with a younger crowd and ambiance, it's worth a stroll through.	
Aug 6 2009 	Horrible Experience	I stayed at this hotel for business for 4 nights. After reading positive reviews about this hotel, I expected this hotel to be something better. However, I left this hotel extremely disappointed and disgusted. First, when I arrived at the hotel, there was a long line at the check-in counter, so I ended up waiting for over an hour in the cold, making me feel sick. When I told one of the workers there that I was feeling sick, I was just told that I should be a gold member in that case, and then I was ignored.Next, my room was right next to the employee elevator, and the constant noise was terrible because of it. I couldn't even sleep. I asked the front desk to change my room but they didn't do anything until the 5th night.The key wasn't working properly, so I asked one of the employees to open it for me, and he cursed with a &quot;S&quot; word. Also, there were days when I didn't get the daily newspaper that I was supposed to get.Overall, I am Very dissatisfied with this hotel, and would not want to stay there ever again.I had a terrible terrible experience there..	
Aug 6 2009 	Decent but won't stay again	PH was DECENT. After discussing with friends, we have all agreed we'd never return to this one, but for the price we paid ($55/night from a Booking.com offer along with a free bottle of booze nightly) we can't complain too much, can we? :)Positives:*Nice location - across from Bellagio (more or less), next to Paris, and located with the mile of shops*HUGE bathrooms and good sized, spacious rooms*Two pools - but not great if there's only one openNegatives:*Lack of decent lighting in the room*Dirty fixtures (light, tv, etc.) in the room, undusted tables (seriously, you could put a white glove on and it'd turn brown - yuck!)*Uncomfortable beds*Rude staff at the pool. The first day at the pool I saw that the people next to us had iced coffees. The following day I asked the waitress if they had iced coffee, she replied they hadn't any iced coffees and that the coffees I saw were from Starbucks. I'm not dense, these had PH on them and were coming from the poolside cafe place. My sister then asked her if she had iced coffees, on a separate occasion, and she said they have indeed had iced coffees. Ok, so why did they lie? Also, one of the pools was closed for a very long time, opened, and then closed again about 3 minutes after everyone was situated there. I asked the lifeguard why the pool was closed, if they had just told everyone over the intercom they opened it - and he replied very rudely that it was a bee problem. Where were the bees?*Holes in bathrooms towels*Paper thin wallsI just get the feeling they really did not care, since many thousands of people are going to come to Vegas and stay at their place anyway, but it still was disappointing.	
Aug 5 2009 	It seems you never get what you request here	We have stayed at PH 4 different times, most recent of which was in March 2009. The only problem we have had with PH is that everytime we have made our reservation we have requested a King room. Everytime we have gone to check in, we are told that there are no king rooms available and we have to take 2 queens instead. We would think that out of 2500 rooms there would surely be atleast 1 king available... This last time we stayed with them, I had $50 in hand to maybe entice the girl at the check in desk on the whole king room thing. However, she was less than friendly. We had this same girl check us in 2 other times, who was not accommodating at all, so didn't even bother with the $$. One other thing, that they conveniently don't mention, is that you should present your players card when making purchases at their PH stores to get points. Other than that, we have had no other issues with PH. Have stayed in Hollywood Hip rooms with fountain view and Resort Room. Rooms have always been pretty clean. The pillows are horrid, but they typically are at most hotels. Always have had a decent view. The bathrooms are wonderful! Very spacious with large soaking tub and separate shower, 2 sinks, separate toilet room. PH is in a great location. Right across from Bellagio and the new City Center project. Very convenient walk to Paris. Miracle Mile attached for shopping and eating. Our favorite quick place to eat in PH is Earl of Sandwich. Hate to say that we have finally given up on them though, thought 4 chances was more than enough! We will not be staying nor gambling here again.	
Aug 5 2009 	Pretty average stuff.	We picked Planet Hollywood on the recommendation of our travel agent, and we were disappointed.Our room was spacious enough, but considering an upgrade was included in the price, it was the minimum we expected. Our window gave us a great view of the back of a billboard. The staff were OK.The casino area was also pretty average, and of course, they make it a pain in the rear to navigate your way out. The million mile shopping area is pretty cool though.Location is pretty good, it's about halfway up the strip, so a central enough point to wander up and down. So, nothing particularly bad about the hotel, but it would only have cost a small bit to upgrade to a better place. I really expected more from a 4* hotel in Vegas, especially having paid for an upgrade while booking.	
Aug 5 2009 	Good Value For Money	We stayed at PH for a week, i liked the location of this hotel ( affacing the bellagio, next to Paris). The rooms were spacious even though there were three of us in there. As with all Vegas hotels the windows dont open but the aircon is super powerful! Our room was Cliffhanger (Sly Stallone) but the view was naff. The beds were sooo comfy and gorgeous. The bathroom was a bit old but spacious with a large corner type bath and seperate shower cublicle. They gave us loads and loads of towels and PH toiletries which were cool. The pool area was large but we sunbathed in the middle section mainly cos round the two smallish actual pools was packed. There is somewhere to get drinks and food and there is loud music played all the time which might not be everyones cup of tea but i liked it. In my opinion PH is for younger people as this was the main clientele. The buffet was ok but had better elsewhere, there also a starbucks and earls sandwhich in Ph which is good. I didnt like the nightclub here ( full of kids) but the heart bar was cool and we took in Mel B's peepshow which was on the top floor and that was ACE! But one of the best things about staying here was the Miracle Mile shopping mall ( over 300 cool shops in PH) i seriously loved this mall and found myself nipping in A LOT when i got too hot/became bored with sunbathing. Didnt really spend any time in the Casino cos find it boring but over all i loved it here but having visited the Bellagio and the Wyn when i go back ( and i will) i want to stay at one of those!	
Aug 5 2009 	not quite up to mark	There are good things and bad things. I will list them: Good: Location, friendly staff, complementary water bottles in the room, huge bed, huge room and bathroom, great view from window (north side) overlooking Bellagio water fountain, Paris. All the necessary toiletteries, clean, huge television screen, safe in room, ironing board and iron, plenty of shelves and closets.Bad: Room not well lit, things don't work like the light switch, no &quot;pls don't disturb&quot; sign so maid tried the door and called out twice when I was sleeping, the shampoo takes forever to ooze out of the container, the remote control hardly worked, the hot water took 5-10 minutes to arrive from the time I turned on the shower and it trickled, the elevator close by made the noise of a train running thru my spine but this is the price I had to pay to get a no-smoking room as most of the rooms are smoke-allowed even though I was promised a no-smoking room. No fitness center.In short the hotel has great potential but has seen better days and better maintenance...	
Aug 4 2009 	Planet Hollywood	We liked the location a lot, not exactly center, but an easy walk to other activities. The rooms were nice, decently sized, and the bathrooms have seperate showers and soaking tubs. We never had any trouble with noise. The hotel is attached to a mall, so there is lots of shopping if you're tired of the casion. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Aug 3 2009 	Hip hotel great location and everything you need in one place	My boyfriend and I stayed this last weekend (July 30 - Aug 2, 2009) at Planet Hollywood under the Chi Package, which included a Strip View Suite for (2) nights as well as (2) massages at the Mandara Spa, $40 Casino Play, a Chi Straightener (Retails about $150.00, we sold it to a girl in the elevator for $100!!) and a great coupon book which we used several times for free drinks and restaurant discounts, etc. We are in our late 20's, early 30's and this hotel is great for that demographic. Great atmosphere in the casino with great music, decor, and nice staff (and good looking go go dancers for you men).Highlights:* Great cocktail waitress at the Pai Gow table. I stood watching most of the time with my boyfriend and she kept the drinks coming for both of us!!! We weren't overpaying on tips or anything, she was just really great and attentive to us. She even brought me and my boyfriend shots for my b-day (and wouldn't accept a tip for it, she said they were &quot;on her&quot;). * Really nice dealers. Joann was a great dealer and so sweet. She kept us at the Pai Gow table for hours!* Really good Mexican Restaurant called &quot;Yolos&quot;. Had the best Portobello Mushroom Fajitas!* Great mall attached. They have a great mix of stores that are not ALL high end. Really great if you need to run out and grab accessories or a new dress!* Perfect location on the strip* Thursday night stay included a bottle of alcohol* Easy check in and check out* Again, a great atmosphere. We barely had to leave our hotel! Always felt lots was going on in the CasinoA few bummers: * Prive &amp; The Living Room Lounge were closed due to some bad things happening that got them fined and shut down.* No Ipod docking stations in the rooms (Regular Rooms or Suites)* The Strip View Suite ~ Not the best layout &amp; nothing great compared to the standard room. My boyfriend and I even joked about complaining about the value of the room compared to the standard room and perhaps we could get a &quot;downgrade&quot;! Of course we didn't because we got passed it, but we stayed in the Standard Room on Thursday night and actually thought it was a bit nicer layout!* The lighting SUCKS in the rooms. * Very little drawer space in the rooms, standard and strip suite included* Mandara Spa ~ Very beautiful and great massages. Just a warning, the decor is like the old Aladdin hotel, so if you're expecting modern and hip like the hotel, it's not. We heard it was due to private ownership.* The view in the &quot;strip view&quot; rooms is of construction of the new Cosmopolitan Hotel across the street.	
Aug 3 2009 	Amazing glad I finally got around to staying here.	I have stayed at the majority of the hotels on the strip: evrything from Bill's and Excalibur to Mirage and Treasure Island to Bellagio and The Venetian. So, I have a good idea of what is out there, and which hotels are a good value for the money. Planet Hollywood was one of my favorites thus far.The casino and rooms are very modern and beautiful. The themed rooms are an interesting touch, but not overwhelming. We had the Sylvester Stallone room, there was just enough interesting content to be a nice touch, but not so overwhelming that a romantic vacation would be ruined by Sly's face plastered everywhere. And the location is amazing, right in the center of the strip.The service was good, I was complimentary upgraded to Bellagio fountain view room when I mentioned I would be proposing to my girlfriend at the Grand Canyon during the course of our stay. I was also very happy with the rates, I used a AAA discount and paid only about $170 total for two nights (one of them was a Friday night). I also received one bottle of alcohol per night, complimentary.Overall, I was very happy with everything. I highly recommend this hotel, and it is definitely on my list of hotels to which I would be excited to return. I hope to stay again soon.	
Aug 3 2009 	Disapointing	Stayed here on honeymoon. Room was small with Aladdin decorations. Next to lift shaft which was noisy. Safe didn't work, called front desk. After an hour no one had shown so we left the room. Following day at 5:30am (we were jet lagged) alled for help again, still took an hour.Overall very disapointed with hotel.	
Aug 3 2009 	PH has it's upside and some downside	Just back from my 8th trip to the Planet Hollywood. On the plus side it's location is ideal, it has the best selection of quality restaurants for all price ranges and tastes in Vegas, it has a terrific mile long mall that circles the casino for easy access, the service is excellent, the promotions/comps are good, the rooms are very comfortable with a nice bed, flatcreen tv and large washroom and have easy access to the elevators, pool, mall, restaurants and casino, it has the best casino design in Vegas with only the Palazzo being it's equal with a high ceiling that allows non smokers like ourselves not be be affected by the smell of smoke like you do in the low ceiling casinos like the Mirage and TI and I love the non-stop action and music.On the downside more and more rif-raf are wandering the casino floor looking for free alcohol and a peak at the pleasure pit scantly clad girls, the deluxe rooms have only one small window you can barely see out of because of it's size and the drapery (try an upgrade to at least a Resort Room and ask for the South Tower with a north view of the Bellagio fountains and my second choice would be the North Tower with a north view of the fountains and the Paris Eiffel Tower as Resort Rooms have two windows and a huge bathroom with double sinks and larger seperate shower, the shampoo and body wash supplied in the room has to be the worst quality and worst smell of any hotel I have ever stayed in and the towels could use replacing as they still use the old purple Aladdin towels.OUR biggest complaints are the timeshare sales staff that continually harass patrons at the casino entrance and near any counter falsely marked guest services AND the PH like the rest of the strip casinos now have the TIGHTEST SLOTS IN NORTH AMERICA which is disappointing considering Vegas always claimed to have the loosest slots in North America. In my last 8 days (2 trips) at Planet Hollywood I have not seen one jackpot won and I live in the casino when I'm there. I'm not sure if this is because of the bottom line and the economy and the slots not getting played enough to pay off or if people have just got tired of losing and not getting a chance to sit at any slot machine for any length of time without losing their shirt. WHAT they don't seem to understand is that most of us will end up spending our money but would come back more often if they at least allowed us a chance to enjoy the slots a bit more and let them pay from time to time. This was our last trip to the PH or at least it is until they realize that tightening the slots is not the way to stay afloat. It's a guaranteed way to lose loyal customers.	
Aug 2 2009	could stay again	this hotel was pretty good, we had a big spacious room, big bathrooms, the only thing was that housekeeping did not do the best job with the room, i mean they cleaned every thing but there was still a few spots, but over all it was really really nice, it was not the most kid friendliest hotel, but it was only a short walk away, from the hotels on the strip.... if ur room is facing the bellagio, u can see the dancing waters.... the room was good, location was good, so next time we go 2 las vegas, we are going 2 b staying in the planet hollywood	
Aug 1 2009 	Nice Hotel with Good Location	Wife and I traveled to a business event that was held at PH. We have stayed here many times, starting back when it was the Alladin. I actually liked the Aladdin theme better, it seemed more subdued and comfortable - less glitzy. Regardless, the rooms still have elements of the Aladdin, such as the fixtures and styling. The furniture has been changed out to gloss black and we had a framed t-shirt of Mcauley Caulklin in our room. It was acually a bit creepy.The room was comfortable. Bedding was first-rate and the air conditioning worked well. That's normally all I look for. Service was great and the elevators were fast and not overcrowded.The only down side was the parking. We rented a car and the parking garage is on Audrie street. To get to the hotel, you have to walk halfway around the mall. We didn't want to drag our bags that far so we used the valet. The valet took 40 minutes to get our car back. They weren't being lazy either, that's just how long it takes to get to and from the parking garage. We had to really limit our use of the car, just because it was such a hassle.	
Aug 1 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!!!	My husband and I stayed here in May 09. This was our 2nd time in Vegas having previously stayed at the Paris Hotel. We got a fantastic deal through Netflights.com and stayed for 6 nights in a Hollywood Hip Room. 42inch plasma screen, 2 double beds, huge bathroom with separate shower cubicle. Yes I would agree that they could do with an overhead light in room but apart from that it was excellent. American Airlines lost our luggage between Philadelphia and Vegas and as my wedding dress was in my suitcase (we were renewing our wedding vows on our trip) I was very upset when we reached the hotel. Jose could not have been more helpful. We had been travelling for nearly 24 hours from Scotland and only had the clothes we were standing in. He immediately upgraded our room so we had views of the strip , arranged for us to have complementary toiletries and fluffy robes sent to our room and called twice to check we had received them and that there was nothing more he could do - exceptional customer care!! We also got comps for the restaurant (best all day buffet in Vegas) and a couple of shows. The facilities in the hotel are excellent, really nice clubs and bars. Fantastically positioned in middle of strip and joined to Miracle Mile shopping centre. Don't believe bad reports - I'll definately be going back!!!	
Jul 31 2009 	Not your typical Vegas casino (and that's a good thing)	Stayed here for two nights and was amazed at the quality of service. Everyone from the front desk to the bartenders were friendly and helpful. The casino was not only one of the most uniquely designed, but the slots seemed to be looser than the others in town. I like how at nighttime they pump in dance music, which may turn off some gamblers, but is a unique change to the average casino-goer. Drink service was also speedy.Ate at Planet Dailies and thought the concept of a cafe covered with TVs playing cheesing entertainment news coverage was fun and different. I also liked how the menu offered choices beyond the typical bland coffee shop selections. Another plus is that the P.F. Changs in the hotel offers room service.As for the room itself, the theme was the classic Faye Dunaway film &quot;Mommie Dearest&quot;. The bed was by far one of the most comfortable I've slept in. There was also a deep cushioned reading chair and a comfortable desk station. The decor, like everything else in the hotel, was funky without being too gaudy, a nice change from the boring ultra-modern look most casinos are going for now. The bathroom is HUGE and the tub was deep enough even for a long legged soaker like me. The purple towels are a cute touch.The only drawback to the room was that for some reason the TV had it's output jacks blocked so that you couldn't plug in your laptop, DVD player, video game system, etc. For most people, this isn't a big deal, but for business travelers, this could pose a huge inconvenience.Another minus is the parking situation. Your only two choices are the self parking garage which seems like a mile away from the main hotel, or valet service. While I opted for valet, at nighttime and check out there can be a long wait.All in all, I will visit Planet Hollywood again as they offered good customer service and a comfortable environment for both relaxing and entertainment.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great room lousy customer service	I agree with another earlier reviewer - the staff at the Box Office was incredibly rude and unhelpful. The PH Box Office had no idea what the 'Buy 1 Full Price Ticket, Bring A Friend For $25' deal was, and rudely told us to go the different show venues to enquire. We were guests of PH, but in the end, it was the staff at THE MIRAGE which helped us with the booking of tickets to the Cirque Du Soleil show (Zumanity - awesome show) which included going through all the different Cirque Du Soleil show tickets at the different venues to find seats available for the 'Buy 1 Full Price Ticket, Bring A Friend For $25' deal for the day OVER THE PHONE and the service was OFFERED to us in such a pleasant and polite manner. Room was great, it was movie-themed with posters and props from the movie (mine was The Natural Born Killers). Unfortunately, the horrible Box Officte staff has led me to give only 3 stars for this place. And the fact that the stupid hotel charged my friend's credit card for the stay WHEN IT WAS ALREADY PAID FOR. It can't get more stupid than that.Go to The Mirage instead! It's a nicer, classier hotel anyway.	
Jul 28 2009 	Good value for money	This was the last leg of our honeymoon - we started with the Venetian (we have also reviewed this hotel).The check in queue was huge - 15 minute wait. The room was adequate, but very dark and somewhat dingy. The shower smelt of drains. It was quite noisy as well and the maid tended to open the door in the morning without knocking so make sure you lock it!The casino was good and had a range of tables. Tip - play on the roulette machines and the waitresses will come to you with free drinks.Not a huge range of restaurants or bard within the hotel but the lcoation is good and next door Pairs, Ballys and a hort walk to MGM Grand. There are a few shops to the left as well where you can stock up on cheap beers for the room.The room service was good and reasonable in priceOverall good value for the price	
Jul 28 2009 	Best Room I've ever stayed in...	Very clean, the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Great/ unique bars restaurants. Good value	
Jul 27 2009 	Great rooms friendly service at PH :)	Checking in was easy-breezy, the staff was friendly and it smelt great in the lobby. The elevators are fast and the room was amazing!! Comfy bed, big bath tub, clean and pretty much perfect :)Yay, for Starbucks right in the Hotel and Earl of Sandwiches is what I lived on for the week, great value and great for the taste buds.I would for sure go back and stay at PH next time I'm in Vegas, I had a blast and all I can say about my stay is nothing but positive!	
Jul 26 2009 	Excellent value	I stayed at the PH with my colleagues in November 2008, we were in Vegas to attend a conference. Because of the crisis, rates had gone down compared to the previous year, when we could only afford the Circus Circus.I found planet hollywood to be very good value for money. The rooms were gigantic and very clean, all in all a very good experience.	
Jul 25 2009 	July 19-23 2009	We arrived at Planet Hollywood around 5:00 pm on July 19 after a $25 taxi ride from the airport. The traffic was awful.The check in line was long but they had about 6 front desk people which made the line go quickly. We were greeted and given room 3241. We did not get an option of picking our room. We had a Hollywood HIP room, the &quot;Lost in Space&quot; room. The bathroom was huge, we had a king bed, there was no refrigerator but you could request one. There was an inroom safe but it was small. My husband went for a shower and a metal bar fell off of the bottom of the shower door almost cutting him. We went down to the front desk to tell them and they did nothing but say they would send maintenance up. I was a bit surprised. A few days later the toilet backed up and we called down, again they sent maintenance up. The bedding wasn't great and the pillows were awful. The bed had a broken spring in it on one side. The wall unit was painted black but had nicks in it exposing light wood which made it look junky. They only gave us two big towels for the bathroom. I use two towels myself so that I wasn't impressed with. The room was just OK, nothing really special.The pool area was a bit disappointing. I expected more from Planet Hollywood. The pool area was pretty boring except for the great music that was playing. The pools were small and the poolside bar drinks were very expensive. The bartenders were snootie. The floaties they gave out for the pool were tired and ripped and the towels were substandard.The casino had great ambiance but was a bit confusing. We had to ask a couple of times where the elevators were. By the last day we pretty much knew where we were going. My husband loved the Pleasure Pit girls, who at night, would pole dance in very provocative outfits.It was convenient having a mall attached to the hotel. You didn't have to go outside if you didn't want to as there were exits to the mall off of the casino. The mall had a great variety of shops and restaurants. Cheeseburger Brand was awesome. The cheeseburger babies were so tasty.If there is two things I would recommend you bring to Vegas its MONEY and A GREAT PAIR OF WALKING SHOES. Money goes really quick and the walking is unbelievable. The resorts look so close together but they are not. We took the bus &quot;the deuce&quot;. It runs the length of the strip but with all of the traffic congestion it takes over an hour from Planet Hollywood to Fremont Street. The bus can get so packed that you are standing most of the way.Planet Hollywood was ok but nothing spectacular. I don't think I would go back on my next trip to Vegas. When I go away I want to feel pampered and I didn't at this hotel.	
Jul 25 2009 	Loved it. Almost perfect.	OK, first of all, to the people moaning about the room lighting..two words:MOOD LIGHTINGit's a beautiful thing.The lighting is wonderful, this is the first hotel where i did not have to drape scarfs over the bright lights.The bathroom is BRIGHT enough to get dressed, do makeup, see small details.The room lighting is a perfect light level. The only things that are bad here is: 1: CHECK IN - so so slow. 2: POOL - they did a fantastic job on the renovations of the hotel, but the pool is not up to par with other vegas pools, not even close.The rooms (hollywood hip) are comfy, WELL LIT, have a decent view of the strip.The casino is nice. Location is good. really no complaints after checking in, save for the pool, but i didn't go there to lounge at a pool anyways. Staff is good. Very sexual and comfortable vibe throughout the entire building(s). The mall is fantastic, almost anything you'd need is in there, wallgreens and CVS are a block away. PF Changs &lt;3 on the casino floor. Many coffee shops. The buffet was pretty good, the desserts were EXCELLENT.I would stay here again, for the price of this place there's really nothing I could complain about.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good Place for a Great Price	This was our first trip to Vegas and we decided to stay at Planet Hollywood. The price was 65 a night, it couldn't be beat for a 4 star hotel on the heart of the strip.Planet Hollywood doesn't compare to Caesars, Bellagio, Wynn....and so on. But with all those hotels you are lucky to find a price for under 100 a night. Planet Hollywood is not as classy as some of the titans on the strip, it tries to appeal to a younger crowd. Next time I think we will pay a little extra and stay at one of the big boys.However, the poker room was great, the service was good, and are room was comfortable. I would stay there again if I wanted to find the best value on the strip, but I would pay an extra 30 to stay at Caesars.	
Jul 25 2009 	PEEP at the PH Avoid!	Saw Peep Show at the Planet Hollywood Hotel in Las Vegas,getting the will call tickets is a pain to start with from the Box Office who must be the rudest I have ever encountered in many years of going to shows.When entering the theatre I was agressively asked twice in the space of 10 seconds if I had a camera,shame there not as keen to silence rowdy drunks that talked and heckled the whole show.The performance I saw was full of understudies and one who did the Lady Cross part came out and met her girlfriend after the show,took all the sexiness out of the show or me!The show isnt bad but very short at 70 mins for $165 for the front seats which are tables and just not worth it as are very very poor,if you have to see it ,go for front orchestra block 102 and are $100 but with all the stupid fees you have to pay on top still over priced and the theatre I would say was about 1/3 full for a holiday night in July must be very worrying for them.Most of the girls in the show are very nice to watch especially Goldie and Red but Ms Pete is a bit fat and plain.Oh and don't be fooled during the audience participation part Timber is a big plant not a tree,watch for him later on swinging on a disco ball!The Singer is good Shoshana if a bit over weight for a show like this.If you really need to see this show do it quick as dont think it will be around for very much longer!	
Jul 25 2009 	Comfy bed and good room service but dark room	I stayed here on the weekend of July 17th-20th with a girlfriend (we had a promotion to get a free bottle of alcohol each night we stayed at the hotel). I've written about the room, service and entertainment here in that order, in case you'd like to skip some parts =]We asked for adjoining rooms with another guest due to check in later that night but only smoking rooms were available at the time (about 530pm). The front desk clerk said that he'd never had a guest who had to take a smoking room come down and ask to switch rooms and suggested we try it out since the hotel was fairly new after haveing been renovated in the last couple years from the Aladdin. We agreed to give it a shot but when we went up to room #3322 it REEKED. We decided over some happy hour food and drinks at Koi on the 6th floor (awesome food and drinks for 50% off M-F until 6:30pm I think) that we'd rather have non smoking rooms that didn't adjoin than what we had already. When we went back to the front desk to tell them this we found out that two adjoining non-smoking rooms had just become available and were clean so they gave us the keys to let us relocate to #2522 with no further questions. Definitely a plus! However both rooms were dark in the main living areas, the bathroom was very well lit and a good size though. The tub, although I didn't use it, looked nice. Shower was also decent and with two girls we had ample closet space in our room. My only real complaint about the room was that it was dark. We ordered room service which came a little later than they promised, but was pretty good. Overall the service at the hotel was good. The pool however was not. It was bland and boring as far as atmosphere goes, so we didn't stay and opted to go to a different hotel's pool instead for a livelier and more varied scene.When going up to the room we were offered wristbands by a hotel staffer (or maybe a well dressed promoter?) for free entrance to their club Prive on the casino level if we arrived before 11pm. As Jermaine Dupri was DJing that night we decided to go. Getting into the club was a little difficult as you have to push yourself to the front of the lines to get the door employees' attention, but inside the service was good, JD was good that night and overall it was a very fun scene.	
Jul 24 2009 	PH is AWSOME!	My wife and I made our first trip to PH from July 19-23. We arrived to PH on time and were greeted very kindlu and directed to the check-in counter. Check-in was very fast and easy. We were given many options of rooms they had available and opted for a mountain view (room 3464). We got up to the room and we were both pleasantly surpeised with how nice the room was for the price that we paid. The rooms are themed after movies and we got &quot;The Finstones&quot; room. The Casino is very trendy and hip towards the 21-35 year old demographic. The casino level itself is very clean along with the washrooms (cleanest on that side of the strip). The Miracle Mile shops are trendy and reasonably priced with some big name stores.We decided to checkout the Steve Wyrick magic show which is hels at the Steve Wyric Theatre in PH. We heard it is one of the best in Vegas. We were not dissappointed. Don't buy your show tickets at the hotels. There is a &quot;discount ticket&quot; place along the strip at the enterance to O'Shea's. They sell tickets to all Vegas shows for half off, or more.We only ate at PH twice as we found we were always somewhere else when we were hungry. We ate at &quot;Earl of Sandwhich&quot; it was good and reasonably priced and we ate at Planet Dailies which was not tasty and a little over priced.The pool area is not the greatest. There are 2 pools located on the 6th floor. You better get there really early to get a seat by the pool. If you don't you will be sitting quite far away as the poolside seating area is small. The slot play at PH is VERY tight. the table dealers aren't the nicest eaither. We found ourselves gambling at the Flamingo. Thier BJ tables were always paying out.The location of PH is great, the value is great, the atmosphere is great, the cleanliness is great and the employees are kind. We WILL stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Time at PH	My husband and I stayed at PH July 7th-9th. We checked in early so ended up with a room on the 7th floor and didn't want to wait for a room higher up, but if that is important to you it would be worth the wait. We had a room overlooking the pool. The room itself was nice, clean, large bathroom and very comfy bed. We had no complaints!	
Jul 22 2009 	Not the best dark rooms a lot of miserable staff and crappy pool area!	We stayed here from July 12 to 16 and here's my comments on the place, from start to finish. Check in was quick, nobody there but us at 10:30 pm at night. Nice big room, but like everyone says, very dark! The beds were cozy and the curtains made the room super dark. Only two drawers in room and they are obstructed by the bed, so you can't fully pull them out. Closet space is a bare minimum. Not the friendliest of staff, everyone in every part of the hotel seemed miserable..... Drinks at the pool were over $8.00, take your own drinks to the pool, they say you can take only one in, but if you fill your water bottles with your own stuff they don't care, no glass allowed in though. If you don't get to the pool when it opens, you won't get a lounger, they have a big deck that's like a parking lot that you just bake on, then you have to walk on the hot concrete about half a block to get near the upstairs pool.... Maid service was good, my friends two doors down though didn't get any room service for the first couple of days because the maid told them they thought the room was empty!! Check out was fast you could do it through the phone, no seats in the lobby or anywhere for that matter unless you sat in the casino at a table or machine. It was 112 degrees outside and they told us to go and sit out there to wait for our shuttle bus, I tell ya!!! Beware of the timeshare people in red just inside the doors to the casino, they get you every time you walk in and out. Construction area going to be starting out front to the left, lots of garbage being thrown in this area. Spice Market Buffet was good, but pricey! You make you're own fun, so have a good trip and for a nice pool try MGM Grand or Flamingo.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Trendy Hotspot with an Unbelievable Rate!	This was the first time I stayed here since they changed from the Aladdin to PH. I was amazed at the transformation and excited to start my vacation. Check in went very smoothly and the rep was polite and helpful. In the room there was Hollywood paraphernalia on the walls of the bathroom and living area. The decor was very modern and trendy, which gave a great upbeat atmosphere to the room and hotel itself. And you can't beat the location of PH on the strip, it's right in the middle!A friend and I was stopped by one of the time share reps as we were walking around, so we stopped to talk to them and actually signed up for the presentation because one of the gifts were $200 in promotional chips. At the presentation they unveiled PH Towers which looked amazing but we decided not to buy into the time share because it wasn't our thing. The guy that was helping did get us VIP entry into Prive (located in PH). Prive was amazing! Great music, people and waitstaff. We partied til about 5:30 in the morning and we received VIP entry so there were not too many complaints on our end. Sometimes Prive can get really crowded and can possibly take you forever to get in to unless you know someone or you have the money to shell out for a table or to give to a bouncer (but that's no different than any other club in Vegas). Overall the club is a really good time once you get in.Koi is a Japanese restaurant also located inside of PH. It's a pretty good restaurant, food was good but not the best Japanese food I've had. But the decor and atmosphere was top notch.The one dislike that I noticed was in the rooms there are still fixtures from when it was the Aladdin. That's probably my one complaint, PH remodeled nicely and I would have thought that they could spring for their own fixtures. Overall we had a really nice experience and would love to go back.	
Jul 22 2009 	We prefer PH	We booked this hotel for a friend's birthday and traveled with my husband and three other couples. We booked PH because of the central location on the strip and promo of one free bottle of alcohol per day. Check in was painless. We got there about 3:30pm on Thursday afternoon and maybe waited 5 minutes. I was really expecting our free bottle of alcohol to be very small. However I was pleasantly surprised when I went to claim it. There were several selections and the alcohol bottles were 750ml each. You could chose between Skyy vodka, Bacardi light rum, Sauza tequila, and a few different bottles of wine or champagne. We stuck with the Bacardi and Skyy. The juices in the lobby store were almost a dollar more than at Walgreens, but the convenience far outweighed the price for us. We wanted to at least make a few drinks before venturing out on the strip. Since we were there with several other couples we each got something different to share. We upgraded to a Resort room which is a bit bigger than the standard room and we had a view of the strip. We figured our room would be the central party room for our group. The only complaint I have about the room is the shower. However I don't think I have stayed at any hotel on the strip where the shower was great. I was also pleasantly surprised at the lack of noise. We have stayed at PH a few times in the past and have had to endure the sound of the other doors around us slamming shut at all hours of the night. This time however I did not hear one door. Not sure if it was because of the bigger room or the fact that there weren't very many people around us. Either way I was quite happy. I was originally going to complain about the fact that you now have to pay 5.99 for two bottles of water and the morning paper every day but I did find this convenient. We usually end up walking down the strip to Walgreens a few times during our trip to get water. This saved us the trip. Also it was nice because it was 113 two of the days we were there and 108 the other two days so we tried to stay off the strip as much as possible. And with the free alcohol that we took advantage of, I could not complain about paying 2.50 each for water. We took advantage of the pool one of the days. We were able to get chairs around the pool this time with an umbrella. I guess this was because the sun was not out all day. That was fine with us. We had a great time. The cocktail waitress was really nice and attentive. No complaints about the pool either. The casino itself is okay. I don't think I was offered a drink by any of the cocktail waitresses when playing the slots. My husband had better luck getting drinks at the tables. Again this is the same with the other casinos I have visited so I don't know if I can totally fault PH for this. We ate at Earl of Sandwich one time, which was very good, and Planet Dailies one time which was not so good. However it was almost 5 am so again I can't really complain about the food. No place is that great at 5am. in my opinion. If they still have the free alcohol deal at PH the next time we go, I will stay there without a doubt.	
Jul 22 2009 	Friendly and what you expect from a 4/5 star hotel	Place was very welcoming. The only hindrance was the long queue to check in and check out. However having the express check out feature is a nice addition. You can check out from the room tv and drop keycards near the bell desk. Staff very friendly and rooms were very clean and classy. Rooms had movie memorabilia, such as clothes worn from movies. Great views of the strip and the rest of Vegas. Free alcohol given each night of stay which can be obtained from gift shop.Miracle mile shopping center connected to the casino/hotel. And the buffet - spice market was one of the best to eat in Vegas. Friendly and professional service.Excellent stay! Will stay again. Book via Expedia far cheaper than with the hotel.	
Jul 22 2009 	would give it zero stars	I have a very long list of complaints with this hotel but I will try to keep it short. When we arrived at the hotel they had our reservation under the wrong dates, we ended up having to wait until 7 pm before we could get into our room. The room was disgusting to say the least. We had a suite and the couches/chairs were dirty, full of crumbs and had all kinds of stains on them. One of the couches the frame was actually completely broken in half in the middle so you couldn't even sit on it or you'd sink to the ground. The sinks in the bathroom wouldn't drain and there was a hole in the shower where a tile was missing. Also, the room reeked like smoke even though it was a non-smoking room and there was a large area of the carpet that was soaking wet. When we went to check out there were room service charges on our account even though we never ordered room service, I spent an hour on the phone back &amp; forth between the front desk and room service who kept giving me the runaround until I finally got a manager on the phone to dispute the charges. I have stayed at many of the hotels in Las Vegas and I will never ever stay at this one again and would never recommend it.	
Jul 21 2009 	What a Dive!	Dear Planet Hollywood, We’re not coming back”!I know this will most likely fall on deaf ears (you’ve already got our money) but, I just felt compelled to write my “first ever” consumer complaint. We’ve stayed at the Red Rock, Imperial Palace, MGM, Excalibur, Luxor etc and many of the hotels and motels in my 30 plus years of coming to Las Vegas and I have never been so let down by a hotel like this. First off, The showerhead was leaking all over, squirting back at the wall and all over. The tile looked as though it hadn’t been cleaned in some time “Black Grout” in the corners and up the side walls looks pretty disgusting. The handle was leaking as well. The room curtains do not cover window fully. No black out. This is very disturbing when one has been out all night (spending money) and you get awakened by the light pouring in the room. It couldn’t be closed either.No coffee pot in room, Motel 6 even has this. No pen or pencil on desk. Cheapest radio I’ve ever seen in a hotel of this (supposed high) caliber, pitiful. The valet guys scratched my Infiniti G35. I took it to Valet because I didn’t want to chance having someone in self parking damage it and you guys did it anyway. This car was spotless on the driver side, now every time I look at my car I’ll remember “Planet Hollywood” all right but for all the wrong reasons. You can be assured if and when I am asked about my stay(s) in Vegas I will for sure “Highlight” the “Do not stay at Planet Hollywood”. Nor do I believe we’ll be coming back before that dated decor and the poor window treatments are redone.Oh yea, one of the elevators in the North tower was also malfunctioning and scarred the hell out of my Fiancée. The doors would open and close half way multiple times before it shut completely. We ran out thinking it might get stuck. It started making a loud buzzing sound or ringing?Anyway, this is how our trip was and had the room not been so bad, I’d not even bother to tell you. Sincerely,  “Not coming back” in California,	
Jul 21 2009 	Wanna get robbed? Stay here...	If you expect to be ROBBED and treated like dirt by the hotel staff then this is the place for you. Long story...but I encourage you to read this review and take my advice...DO NOT STAY AT PLANET HOLLYWOOD!On the surface this hotel/casino looks great and the rooms are pretty nice. Let me start by saying my friends and I have stayed at this hotel since 2005 when it was the Aladdin and we used to rave about how great this hotel was...after it changed to PH I have a completely different outlook and will NEVER stay again, or recommend this hotel. In 2008 we stayed on the 12th floor in a room right off of the elevators (can't remember the exact number now). On the second day we were there our room was robbed of 3 purses, WHILE WE WERE SLEEPING. We were awakened by a phone call from hotel security informing us that a housekeeper found our purses in one of the stairwells. We went to security and collected what was left of our belongings and filed a report. We were very shaken and a loss prevention woman, Michelle something or other came up to the room and took photos of our room like that was going to answer questions. She failed to take any photos of the broken door that we unknowingly and according to her &quot;carelessly left ajar for someone to enter.&quot; She also mentioned that, &quot;This happens frequently.&quot; Random people off the street are always coming to the 12th floor, and finding open doors to steal from PH guests. Odd the chances that someone got lucky enough to search a cameraed hotel of almost 40 floors and over 2600 rooms and actually steal 4 purses. GREAT SECURITY ASSURANCE don't you think? Oh and there just so happened to be no security cameras in the hotel hallways nor the stairwells. However, lucky for us security could let us know that our door had been left ajar for a 3 hour time period which was the window of opportunity. (That random thief sure got lucky choosing PH and our 12th floor to rob from in that small time frame). Odd how they can tell me that but don't have cameras and couldn't knock on our door to let us know that it was left open. The customer service was horrible. They did nothing to assure us we were safe nor did they offer us anything for our inconvenience. We had to follow up in 5 to 7 business days to find out if anything came up. (Of course nothing did and we have yet to get reimbursed for our stolen items.) After the incident we were being a lot more careful throughout the rest of our stay and in one instance realized the door was not closing properly behind us so we called security to report the problem and maintenance to take a look at it and fix it. No one ever came to help us. We were very disappointed but figured maybe this was an isolated incident and because of our liking for the hotel/casino in past years we stayed their again...	
Jul 19 2009 	What Reception DO NOT tell you	Not having a credit card for the receptionist to swipe totally confused her and she had to check with her supervisor. She returned to say it was OK not to have one. When we tried to log on to the internet in the room we found that all charging to the room had been blocked as they did not have a card to charge it to. Had we been told this we could have left cash. We had been told that leaving credit card details are for the guests convenience and allow a speedy checkout, not that they do not trust you to run up a bill, so much for american hospitality.The room was large, comfortable, and the AC could get it down to a VERY cool level if required. Plenty of food options within the hotel and attached shopping area.	
Jul 18 2009 	Dark and slow	Corridors dim, dull carpets but worst was the valet service, had to wait over 30 minutes on each occasion in sweltering conditions.Check in was very slow, noisy and nowhere for people to sit.Rooms were spacious but not well lit.	
Jul 16 2009 	Amazing hotel 10 out of 10!	We booked our trip through Thomas Cook and flew with Virgin Atlantic. The flights were brilliant (excellent times!) and cabin crew were spot on with everything. We got a taxi from the airport which cost about $15 (plus tip) and check in at the hotel was quite quick (about ten minutes). Because we had booked with Virgin we were automatically upgraded to a better room with a view of the Bellagio fountains. Unfortunately, my hair staighteners didnt work when i tried to use them but the concierge located in the lobby did everything he could to try to fix mine and when that didnt work, he found me another pair i could use. the hotel has a funky, grown up feel to it. we saw very few children and the staff are all very helpful. You will get used to the time share people- just say no thankyou and they leave you alone. we booked a trip to the Grand Canyon with Pink jeep tours and it was amazing. we were picked up on time and the guide was very very funny, helpful and full of information!we ate in Planet Dailies a couple of times (ok prices). the Earl of Sandwich and the spice market buffet for breakfast ($14.99)- all located in the hotel. however, we discovered that the Bellagio breakfast buffet was $14.50 and just across the road so we ate there more often as the choice of food was amazing!!! we also tried the mgm grand buffet but that wasnt very good. it had a poor selection of food and the queues were huge! we visited many attractions when in vegas- Ka at mgm was amazing, the dolphins and tigers at the Mirage are nice, shark reef at Mandalay bay is great, tournament of kings in Excalibur made us say 'huzzah!', madame tussauds at the Venetian where i got 'married' to george clooney- to name a few! we also watched half of the sirens show at ti- only half because it was soooo awful. we made the decision to walk from our hotel to the las vegas sign too, which considering it was very hot that day was not the best idea as it is quite far. however, it is worth it! there are people there who will take your photo for you but of course you have to tip them. id recommend just getting the next person in the queue to take your photo and you do the same for them. we ate at the cheesecake factory in caesars palace which was excellent and well priced, Planet Hollywood restaurant in Caesars was also good, but the best place we ate was the dinner buffet at the Bellagio- such an amazing choice of food and it wasnt that busy!overall, planet hollywood is an amazing hotel, we were very lucky with the room we had. there is also the miracle mile shops below the hotel which are open till late. visit the abc shops for anything you need- i often sent my boyfriend to get snacks such as milkshakes, twinkies and fresh melon!this hotel is also fantastic because of its location- smack bang in the middle of the strip. you can easily walk to mgm, new york, luxor without realising how far you have walked. to walk as far as wynn takes a bit longer but there is always the choice of the monorail which is great when its really really hot, particularly at night!	
Jul 16 2009 	Thoroughly enjoyable	We never chose this hotel ourselves, we were travelling to a wedding and the rest of the wedding party had booked here, so we followed suit.Had always wanted to go to Vegas, and had heard lots about other hotels on the strip but nothing about this one.We stayed here for 7 nights, check in was a little slow, but once we got to the desk the staff were very friendly and we asked about an upgrade and were given one with no questions asked.Room was very nice, very good size and I liked the themed rooms, bathroom was a lovely size with separate bath and shower. One downside to the room/hotel was the wifi wasnt free, so this cost us $14 a day (i think) as my husband had to stay in contact with his work.We signed up for the casino loyalty card, as we did most of our gambling in the hotel casino - although we didnt gamble that much.Ate in the spice market buffet and can highly recommend this, we also ate in planet dailies for breakfast on the last morning and again this was lovely. The one annoying thing was the timeshare people harassing you everytime you came in and out of the main casino entrance, although we soon learned to walk past and ignore them.Swimming pools looked really nice, but we never used them, so cant comment.The location on the strip is ideal, we walked most places but did occasionaly used the bus that went up and down the strip. I think it was $7 for an all day pass.I would definitly stay here again, although i am unable to compare with other vegas hotels as i have not stayed in any others.	
Jul 15 2009	not bad not great	We got there andwas greeted very fast and friendly, they gave us a room upgrade, it was my moms and my first trip ever, my travel agent asked that a fruit basket be in our room when we get there, well it never did, the room was dirty when we got there and was dirty when we left, the bathroom was huge beds were awsome big tv but small rooms, no coffee maker, we got a fridge brought to us when we asked for one. very expensive to eat there. We had a veiw of the strip which was awsome, would go back again.	
Jul 14 2009 	Very nice hotel but bring $$$	We stayed at Planet Hollywood July 1-8 and had no problem at all with check-in. I have read that there are long lines but we did not encounter them. There was a bit of a wait at checkout but using the Express Checkout box they have will avoid this. The room we had was in the theme of the Lost In Space movie with a few items used in the movie plus 2 movie posters. Sorry I forgot to take pictures of them. I requested a high floor overlooking the strip and got what I think was very good. There was a little bit of a view of the roof but you could see other hotels and the mountains (see photo). We were placed on the 14th floor which was a very quiet floor and we were away from the elevators. The music they play throughout the hotel and elevators is great. We were traveling with 2 teenage girls and they agreed. Much better music selection here than at the Hard Rock Hotel.A major flaw for me to this hotel was they don't provide coffeemakers and if you are a coffee drinker, you can spend a substantial amount at Starbucks, which is in every hotel, or eating at one of the restaurants. We tried the Spice Market buffet for lunch and was very pleased with it. Food from around the world was here so you have a good selection. Be sure to use your coupon if you have one or get a coupon book in the Miracle Mile mall for other discounts. Beer was a ripoff in the casino, $7 so I didn't dare get a mixed drink. You can buy a six-pack down the street in the novelty shops for a dollar more. The location was very good, walking distance to a lot of the other hotels and shops. The mall itself is very nice with a lot of different stores, high end and low end. Yolo's Mexican restaurant in the casino has very good food. Try the lunch special. The chambermaid was very pleasant and accommodating. The pool was well attended but if you want a seat next to the pool, get there by 11am. The large center sitting area is very nice and they have a hot food stand there also.I expected a little more in the way of fireworks since we were there for the 4th of July but not a lot were set off. That same day, Steve Wyrick was doing a stunt outside the hotel and thousands of people were on the street watching. The least the hotel could have done was show what was happening on their huge marquis but nada. We never even knew the stunt was over until the police said it was done and we can now leave. A waste of time and inconvenience for the drivers since the strip was shut down for almost an hour.Overall it was a good experience but you need to bring lots of cash, especially if you're going to gamble or party. Don't bother renting a car if you don't plan on going out of the city. The bus will get you up and down the main part of Las Vegas Blvd. and into Fremont St. for $7 for 24 hours.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location middle of the Strip	Planet Hollywood was a great place to call home in Las Vegas. The location was a great central location for a large group to meet. You wouldn't need to leave this resort to enjoy a great time. There's a mile long enclosed shopping gallery with enough restaurants and boutiques to satisfy almost every taste. The buffet is extensive and comparable in price ($30). The other restaurants had quality food, I found them slightly pricey but the portions were HUGE. Consider splitting entrees unless you have a huge appetite.A great feature was the pool deck and tanning areas. There are two pools, two bars, a restaurant and a live D.J. keeping the party vibe going.There were some families there, but most guests were young(21-30) and in larger groups. The decor and lobby were acceptable(by Vegas standards) and the rooms were themed (different movies).Our only beef with our stay was the unbelievable wait to check-in.(over 1 hr) Don't expect to walk right into your room upon arrival. The staff was friendly however and seemed to be doing what they could to expedite the situation. Check-out was a breeze(did through the phone), that helped to make up for the only glaring problem with our stay.	
Jul 13 2009 	Everything was top notch!!!	My husband and I stayed for 7 days at the Planet Hollywood and was throughly pleased from the time we checked in until the time we checked out. Upon our arrival we were greeted by so many people with great customer service. We asked for a room upgrade and graciously given a room with a view of the Bellagio so we were able to watch the watershow every night from our room. The room was very spacious with a HUGE bathroom, a great wall unit with lots of drawers and a closet on each side. The bed was the best feature in the room. It was a King size bed that wrapped us up every night and put us to sleep. Our rooms were cleaned and restocked everyday by noon. We dined at several of the restaurants in the hotel and the service was always a 10 from start to finish. The casino was great with a fun and trendy environment throughout. The Mall was awesome and there were a lot of great deals. The ABC liquor store in the mall carries EVERYTHING so don't worry about forgetting anything, you can simply pick it up at the ABC store. We scheduled a Hoover Dam at the concierge's desk which turned out to be awesome. We paid for the standard tour and was kindly given the Deluxe tour which included a tour of the chocolate factory as well as a buffett lunch at a Hotel in Boulder City near Hoover Dam. My husband and I toured EVERY hotel on the strip and felt that Planet Hollywood was an excellent choice with a great price. People have compared it to Bellagio and Ceasars Place and that's unfair because they are two totally differnet styles. Planet Hollywood is trendy, classy and very upbeat where Bellagio and Ceasars are Classy, but not very Trendy and upbeat so it definitely depends on what you are looking for. The pool area at Planet Hollywood was nice and seems to be on the same lines as many of the other pool areas we looked at. Overall our stay was wonderful and we will be going back and staying at the Planet Hollywood Towers the next time. It's owned by Westgate and it's a 7 start hotel that opens in October. We toured it while we were there and it's MAGNIFICENT!!! Some people don't like to do timeshare presentations but if you aren't against it I would recommend you contact Westgate and purchase a tour package if you are interested in staying at the Planet Hollywood. Our 7 day stay only cost us $349.00 for 90 minutes of our time. It was well worth it!!!!!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Good but liked that it was free	I stayed here for two nights (July 7th and 8th) as I was comped for previous play. I was given one of the standard rooms. Although nice, I wasnt terribly impressed. I found the front checkin desk impersonal. I also found the accomodations clean and modern, but too dark. I was glad that I did not pay for it but would consider elsewhere in Vegas if I had a choice.	
Jul 12 2009 	Why is checking in so slow?	Hotel was nice enough, what you would expect from any of the big casinos. But why does it take so long to check in? For a place that want's your money they are in no hurry to get you inside.	
Jul 12 2009 	Good times at planet hollywood	No problems recommending this place for a mid range traveller. Managed to get a good deal that included free booze and betting chips. Clean, functional and spacious rooms with a view of the Bellagio fountains. Staff were friendly and for value for money we were more than impressed with the standard of our room.	
Jul 10 2009 	Not the best not the worst . . .	We stayed at the hotel for three nights, our room on the 29th floor had a great view of the Strip. A couple of items in our room were broken or not functional when we arrived, but a friendly maintenance man fixed them in short order. The room itself was a nice size, the bathroom large.PROS: Price was very reasonable, location on the Strip is convenient, free bottle of wine or spirits each night of our stay.CONS: Parking is difficult, although there is &quot;free&quot; valet parking available. You must pay $14 per day if you want internet access (or go down to the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf in the Miracle Mile for free WiFi). There are no garden areas like many of the other hotels.I guess my biggest gripe about Planet Hollywood is the architecture and interior design. They are trying to turn a themed hotel (the Alladin) into Times Square meets hip, sleek, and cool. That works nicely in the rooms, but not so much in the public areas. The street side of the hotel has got to be the ugliest on the Strip. The Miracle Mile shops are beginning to look like your neighborhood mall. I know the Moroccan theme isn't what PH wants and it was a little Disneyesque - but it was fun and it's becoming bland.Other than that we were very satisfied at Planet Hollywood.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Stay @ Planet Hollywood!!	We had a great time here!! It was our 2nd trip to Vegas and choose PH this time because we found an amazing deal with Virgin Holidays.Check in was fine, we arrived around 2pm on a Tuesday and there was no Q. We had 4 rooms and wanted to get some connecting, this wasn't possible as we also wanted 1 smoking room, so we settled for rooms near each other. We managed to get one room with a fabulous Fountain View - Beautiful!! The rooms were large &amp; well equipped, large TV &amp; HUGE bathroom. Little closet space but we knew that and found there was enough room for all of our clothes (we took our own hangers).The Casino is not the biggest, but there are many entrances/exits onto the Strip &amp; Miracle Mile Shops but by day 4 or 5 we had our bearings!!We had the Buffet for breakfast, it was massive &amp; reasonable at $15. All types of food there. (We also did Caesars buffet which was $26 and TINY). We grabbed sandwiches at The Earl of Sandwich regularly and they were great, very quicky made too and reasonable.We also did bottle service in Prive, we were a little disappointed as the bottle prices were higher than we had been quoted &amp; found that our Waitress was far more attentive to her male customers around us than she was with us. (understandle I suppose).Regarding the main things people complained about with this hotel - We were only approached by the timeshare people ONCE in the Casino, I guess this is because we were a group of 20 something girls and do not really look the types to buy...Our room was quiet near the lifts and the only time I heard a &quot;DING&quot; was when I was standing by the room door.Lighting in the room is dull, however lighting in the bathroom is more than adequate for putting on your make-up.Overall we found the hotel fab and would recommend it to anyone, we would stay again!!	
Jul 9 2009 	Planet Hollywood is in a downward spiral.	This hotel once was absolutely great, now it is just another mediocre hotel on the strip. I have stayed here for 8 years even when it was the Aladdin, so I know a thing or two about this hotel. The pools are at best marginal and if you like getting your bags searched at the pool you will love the pool areas. The new clientele here apparently likes to smuggle booze into the pool area. This could be because of the 10.00 Rum and cokes.There is also some nice astro turf that has been added, really classy. They blocked off about 1/4 of the pool area for $250.00 a day Cabanas which are hardly ever used. This means there are more people on the concrete atrium area than around the pool. This makes no sense at all. Do not expect to sit around the pool in this hotel. It is the biggest farce of all. There was no security at the pools so watch your belongings and do not bring kids here. With the lower rates a new clientele has arrived. This is not a good thing when they are drunk and misbehaving in the pool areas and in their rooms. Two nights we got no sleep because of boom boxes playing music next door. No security ever came to help with this. It is simply a matter of economics, clientele that stay for $59.00 a night are different than the clientele that was paying $159.00. This is why I loved this hotel before, but not now. The gamblinghas been jacked up also. Do not expect any 10.00 BJ tables, most are 15.00 and 25.00. It was a good place to play BJ but not anymore. A lot of single deck and higher limit tables. Bellagio has quite a better mix of tables. They kick you off the BJ tables at 8:00 if you do not up your BJ bets to 25.00 because of some girl dealers that have no idea what they are doing. They are hired for looks not dealing skills. The slots are so tight they squeak. We ended up at different hotels every night to gamble, so why stay here. Check in is a nightmare even if you are a platinum member. The upgrades have become non-existent because of the lower rates and influx of people and now they are offering the upgrades to the public for 25.00. It is not worth the trouble to stay with Starwoods here. I actually had more fun at the Golden Nugget in April than I had here in June. If you are lucky you will get a spectacular view of the alley and the mountains 75 miles away. If you liked the Planet Hollywood before, go to the Bellagio. It still has its values in tact.	
Jul 8 2009 	Loved it. Nothing bad to say..How can you fin fault if you come here?	Amazing location. Fabulous casino. It was our first time to Vegas and I can't wait to come back to this hotel. I would say that this is a young hotel. The rooms are ultimately designed for hangover recovery with kingsize beds, blinds and no main lights...so applying make up should be done in th bathroom. On that subject the standard bathrooms have double baths and a seperate toilet room. As a young couple we couldn't fault this hotel. It has two pools and jacuzzi's outside with a DJ spinning tunes at weekends. Location is perfect x	
Jul 8 2009 	Fantastic location	The location of this hotel was great, easy walking distance to most of the &quot;Strip&quot;. Only real problem we had was during check in. Very poor customer service, we had requested a non-smoking room but there were non available on arrival. Instead of trying to help, the receptionist told us that &quot;if we didnt like it, then dont stay there&quot;. Having paid for the room via expedia, they would offer us no refund on their room and we were left with having no option but to take the only available &quot;smoking&quot; room or trying to find another hotel ourselves!!! Duty manager not much help either, but at least the tone of the voice was better. Finally got to change the room for the following night. Apparently the hotel was running a special offer and all bookings had been offered an upgraded resort room and obviously they didnt cater for the fact that they allowed more bookings than they had rooms available with a non smoking request. After the difficulties of the first night, rest of trip was great. The rooms are spacious although the lighting could be better. Massive bathrooms but as indicated by other reviewers the shower unit could do with a &quot;frosted&quot; door and the main bathroom door could also benefit from a lock.Shopping in &quot;the miracle mile&quot; was good. Went to see the &quot;mesmirised show&quot; which was hilarious. The breakfast buffet in the hotel was good. Remember to pick up the coupon book when you join &quot;the players clu&quot;b as this will entitle you to discounts with the buffets. Avoid &quot;the cheeseburger&quot; place in the shopping area as the food was mediocre and not worth the money. If you like sushi, then try &quot;todai&quot; in the mile which gives you access to unlimited sushi. Dont forget to get the coupon book from the directory counter first as you will get a discount on the meal cost.	
Jul 8 2009 	Planet Hollywood is not so HOLLYWOOD at all !	I was there july 4 to 7 with my best friendI am a Starwood Plt member for 12 years...As PH hotel is part of Starwood we got an upgrade to a better room and late check out...The wait at check in even with SPG PLT status is very long...the staff is not as all knowledgeable for questions and makes mistakes on room rates after booking a reservationThe pool area is full of trash and papper around the pool and so many towels are left on chairs as there are no pool attendant the should be more on top of pool area it is very bad and too noisy on weekends as there is a live DJ...check out the same as well not enough staff and you HAVE TO CHECK YOUR BILL to be sure all is correct ...	
Jul 8 2009 	Loved PH -- for My Birthday!! Awesome Staff Retaurants and View	I recently went to Vegas for my Birthday and decided to try a new hotel for a new experience. I love vegas so much, I have gone to Vegas 6 times in the past two years and prior to that i was not much of an avid travveler. Every time we have gone to Vegas we stayed at a suite at the Palms, because we are younger and wanted a hotel that was happening all night long. The Palms is so far off the Strip though, so we decised to try Planet Holly Wood. What an AWESOME decision. I always read multiple Trip Advisor reviews before I travel to assist with my decision- all taken with a grain of salt. Boy am I glad that I ignored any bad reviews for PH because i love it. Let me list the reasons why PH is a great place to stay and I hope that it helps you as well:1. Went to PH for my Birthday and they treated me exceptionally well- mentioned it was my b-day and put me in a room with an awesome view.2. The staff was very helpful, respectful - especially the concierge and the check in desk.3. The view is spectacular and the rooms are ample size- I mean you spend most of your time on the strip anyway, but the room was very nice- they even thought to have two mirrirs so my girlfrind and i could get ready at the same time.4. This should be # 1 actually!! The stores. this really should be a factor in your decision making- the stores allow you a place to purchase random items you need. Palms has nothing like this and is way far off the Strip- and you have to pay for a cab every time you want to go to the strip.5. The variety of restaurants- There are reasonably priced restaurants and &quot;fancy&quot;/fine dining restaurants. YOLOS is awesome. I had my b day diner there and they treated me like a king. Seriously, try this place out!! The chef even came out and talked to us about our dining experience! Aslo, PF Changs is a late night place to stop at if you are not in the mood to spend 100+ on dinner- save it for the tables/slots.6. It has just as much if not more going on than the Palms and other hotels.7.Slots actually pay off!! I should know.8. Access to the STRIP- I mean isn't this really the most important thing. Walk where you want, enjoy the Strip, skip the cab fare- put it on teh Field bet...j/k.9. The pools- I read several times that the pools were too small- this is not true. the pools are cool, and there are many people there. Maybe PH could have a Rehab/Ditch type day on Thursdays or something and get it more going, but the pools were fine. Hope this helps you make a decision...have an awesome time in Vegas, Good Luck!!Overall, PH gave me my best experience in Vegas, and I will return ASAP!!!	
Jul 7 2009 	NOTHING LIKE BATHING IN BACKED UP DRAIN!!	This hotel &quot;looks&quot; nice...BUT IT IS NOT! The halls are dark and scary. The rooms were not cleaned with any effort! We had to go find our own bathroom tissue..TWICE! While thinking I was going to enjoy a nice bubble bath..I heard a huge girgling sound and looked over to see the shower drain projecting a black smelly liquid...then looked down in my bubble bath to see that it was coming into my bath water!! It was HORRIBLE!! (how many showers can you take after that to make you feel clean!) When I finally managed to get out and clean as I could (using the sink!) I called the front desk, to tell them and they just snickered and said, I bet that was uncomfortable! A 1/2 later the plumber came up and checked things out...he said &quot;THERE IS NO PROBLEM, JUST SOME HAIR&quot;!! Excuse me!!! So he then proceeded to call the front desk and tell them basically that what I said was not true and he didn't see a problem!!!!! We will NEVER stay there again!! There was something on the chair (there are two in the resort rooms) so I had to put a towel down to sit on them..and they are soooooo uncomfortable, you are practically sitting on the floor! The air conditioner didn't work, and we roasted in the room. (They said that was fine also) The bed is comfortable and the television was really nice. The buffet that they raved about is noting special at all..and we never ate there again. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON IT! The casino was sooooo hot that our waitress told us her and the other girls always had to wear their hair up because it was so hot. Just fine at the tables, plenty of air there! We have been going to Vegas since 1985, so it is not as if we are new there...DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL......IT IS TERRIBLE!!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Stay	Stayed at PH from July 2-6th, 2009 with my wife and another couple along with another group of friends in another room at the resort. Vegas veterans (5-7 trips). Mid-late 20's, mix of couples/singles. Take note when I write a review I tend to get long-winded so I'll break it down to make reading easier:Check-in... Noon Thursday with about 4 people in line and 4 attendants checking people in (needless to say it was quick). I asked, note asked no tip required, the attendant if we could get a room with a view of the fountains and he ended up putting us on the 25th floor...2587 (note the resort has 51 floors). I also asked if our friends could be placed near our room for convenience and they made a note on his reservation (they ended up on the 26th floor). I had signed up for a promotional rate and we received coupons for free bottle service per night stay, some nightclub admission tickets, and spa passes. We were NOT hassled by any timeshare people after check-in or during our entire trip. Room... We had the &quot;A Time to Kill&quot; room and it was nice, but the view is what got me... fantastic! The bathroom is nice and large (no fan though kind of weird). The room is dark, and there is limited space for 4 people but we managed. Two complaints about the room (I'm a male so the darkness really didn't affect me as much as the ladies)... 1) A/C in the room just doesn't really get cold enough for my taste and 2) Limited outlet space in the room for cell phones/IPod's/etc especially with 4 people. Other than that we used the room to sleep, mix drinks, and watch a few fountain shows from on high so it did the trick! Free newspaper and 2 bottles of water per day ($5.59/day resort fee) were issued. I tip maids a few bucks so maybe that's why we never had an issue with this.Pool... I knew going into this that the pool area was not going to be great, and it wasn't. It doesn't make sense how such a nice place would have such a flaw. Pool area opened at 10:00. Wife went down at 10 to get chairs, and one day had to wait in line. We had decided that we'd use the late morning as a relaxing time to mill around the pool. Chairs around the north pool were almost always completely full by 11 am. There is a north and south pool, and in the middle kind of a no-mans land with loungers and astro-turf that'll burn the bottoms of your feet it's so hot so watch out! DJ spins music starting at 11 am with trendy pool music, nice atmosphere, cold pool. Again not great but the pool wasn't one of our priorities just a place to spend a little time to try and relax.Restaurants... Day 1 we ate lunch at a Cheeseburger joint in the mall which was pretty good. We had dinner at the Strip House Steakhouse with a promotion for Peep Show, it was fantastic. It was not crowded, but we ate at 6:30 pm (early for vegas standards). Day 2 we ate breakfast at the Spice Market Buffet ($10 w/coupon book) and it was good, not great. Lunch was Earl of Sandwich, for $6 you get hot sandwiches... great stuff we grabbed sandwiches a couple times from here. I also had coffee in the mornings from Illy and Coffee Bean, both good and not overpriced with huge lines like the Starbucks in the hotel (both in the mall as well). There are too many restaurants to list here, but suffice to say anything you could imagine you could find to eat and eat well in the resort. A+ in my book for selection/price/taste.Bars/Casino... There was so much to offer in the casino, all the latest slots, every table game you could imagine (even some in the &quot;Pleasure Pit&quot; with girls that met the criteria for working there), and ample bars to either chill/relax or go party. Heart Bar, Extra Lounge, Halo to sit and mingle, Prive to party (with a different promo each night), Hawaiian Tropic for karaoke or more casual party. A hip crowd with vibe to match, all around great place to hang out and made it hard to think about leaving.Mall... quick review of the mall. I don't want to stereotype, but the mall was more suited to my kind of shopping. Sure there were high-end shops, but the majority were geared toward the non-high-roller. Nothing gets me pumped up like walking past Louis Vuitton, D&amp;G, Armani, etc etc etc and not even thinking about setting foot in them (note sarcasm). Stores in the Miracle Mile had the hip and sometimes eclectic feel, but always felt inviting rather than the heavy glass doors, fancy upscale feel, and hands-off approach of the stores mentioned above. If you want to just stroll, people watch, and actually shop the mall at PH was pretty awesome. Also plenty of restaurants in the mall to choose from, a laser show (pretty boring), and rain storm (eh sort of neat), and ABC stores for beverages/food items if you desire at good prices.Check-out... did it by TV, simple as pushing two buttons!Overall... I'd give PH a 8/10 only because of the pool or it'd have been near perfect. I'm the planner in the group so I knew what I was getting into and the PH delivered on virtually all accounts. Were never hassled by timeshare people, maybe we got lucky in that regard but a group of 10 and none of us got the pitch (with 3 couples). Great atmosphere for 20-30 somethings, people were awesome, great stay! Enjoy!	
Jul 6 2009 	Great time	We stayed at PH for our honeymoon. I was a little skeptical after reading some reviews, but had no problems. We were checked into our rooms at 9:30 am no problem, it was on the 36th floor. View was of construction across the street and partial view of Bellagio fountains. But who really cares about the view. Overall everything was great. We ate at PF Chang's quite often, love it. For breakfast there is a mexican place in the mall beside the V theater with $3.95 breakfast. Tony and Tina's wedding... Don't waste your time or money. I thought it stunk and the food wasn't much either. Any way had a good time.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great place to stay for first experience of Vegas	Spent 3 nights here at the end of June.Arrived at around 1pm and queue for check in was huge and everytime we walked through the lobby the queue was always massive. Also beware of the long-haired sleazeball in the lobby, as you walk towards the south elevators, trying to sell timeshare in the new PH development.Also the self parking was a long way from the hotel lobby, possibly quarter of a mile so use the valet parking service.The room was amazing. Two huge king sized beds, a massive bathroom with a great shower, and walk in wardrobes. 50&quot; plasma on the wall as well with several HD channels. No fridge though, although an ice machine just a few yards down the corridor.The hotel in ideally located on the strip, opposite the Bellagio with it's world famous fountains.We ate in two of the restaurants in the Miracle Mile inside the hotel complex, Blondie's (a sports bar) and the italian next door to that. Avoid Blondies. Food dished up in a wire mash basket with greaseproof paper as a lining. As soon as you put your knife &amp; fork into your food, the cutlery passes through the basket , straight onto the table. More or less impossible to eat with. The italian was much better. Best meal we had was at a burger place called BLT Burger in The Mirage.I played a few slots in the PH casino and ended up losing (who doesn't?).Overall view. PH was a great pace for our first visit to Vegas and we would stay there again.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great Time	We had a great time at PH, the rooms were great. Check in was quick and friendly. We got upgraded to the 51st floor with a view of the strip. The room was clean, bid and overall nice. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. The crowd is pretty young, we were upper 30's and we did ok. No problems with thin walls. Great location and overall a 9. Would definitely go back.	
Jul 3 2009 	Will definitely return to Vegas but not Planet Hollywood	Stayed here for 9 nights for our 1st trip to Las Vegas. Will firstly say, absolutely fell in love with LV and am planning on returning later in the year.Ok Planet Hollywood - Will start with the good points.The loacation of the hotel was spot on, in the centre of everything, nice hotel, very spacious room (upgraded to a resort room, although the expected decent view was the sunbeds between the 2 pools). Casino good, we really just stuck to the slots, and signed up for the players club, we both received free slot play and other discounts. We never had to wait long for a drink in the casino, and found the waitressess very friendly. Loved the Miracle Mile shops being on the doorstep, also visited both Planet dailies and the Earl of Sandwich, both good.Ok now the bad -You are constantly hassled here, either for timeshare or Peepshow/Tony &amp; Tina's wedding bookings. We had literally arrived and checked in when we were hounded by 2 PH Timeshare people, I politely said that we had been travelling for 18 hours and just wanted to get a shower, they were quite rude and expected us to drop everything and go and see their new development, in the end I just walked off, I became quite good at just walking off after a few days of constant hassling. I have to say, we didn't experience this at any of the other strip hotels we visited, just PH. I had read on here that the pool wasn't much cop, but it really wasn't fit for purpose, after 2 days pounding the strip we decided to have an afternoon by the pool, we got to the pool and it was mobbed, 2 tiny pools, sunbeds packed in like sardines, there were people everywhere, there was nowhere to sit at all. We didn't go to Vegas to lounge by the pool all day, but just fancied a few hours chill out and cool down, it wasn't to be. This hotel gets mega busy at weekends and seems to struggle with the extra guests. Upon arrival we were charged $5 per day resort fee, this apparently entitled us to 2 bottles of water and a newspaper each day. I have no problem paying this fee, but expext to receive the promised items, most days we were left 1 bottle of water, and it was hit and miss if your paper was outside in the morning. After having a good look around the other strip hotels, I feel that there were much better hotels within the same price range or within £100 or so either way. We will definitely be returning, but will stay elsewhere. I am not one to moan for the sake of it, just my personal opinion. We chose PH as it seemed to be getting good reviews at the time of booking, with the benefit of experience and seeing the other hotels, I will not choose this hotel again.	
Jul 3 2009 	Wonderful Experience	We loved Planet Hollywood as we thought it was the most electric resort on the strip-appealing to couples and those who like a sexy, hip atmosphere. The check in/check out procedure was smooth and the staff was very friendly and accomodating. The restaurants and the mall were wonderful as there was so much variety. Try a sandwich at &quot;The Earl of Sandwich&quot;-reasonably priced and tasty. Located right across from the sandwich shop is a gigantic free slot machine that you can receive a free spin on each day. It's worth taking the daily free spin because every spin is a win;you can win free food, free slot play, and other gifts. The room was very clean and the housekeeper cleaned daily and replinished supplies in a timely manner. Take advantage of the complimentary daily 2 bottles of water as you will appreciate it in Vegas(water is very expensive). Take quick showers because the drain is slow.	
Jun 30 2009 	Good for younger crowd	Visited Plant Hollywood 18-23 June 2009 after being offered upgrade of room (to Resort Room) by our travel agent. However, after checking in (very slow with few staff) found we had not been upgraded and only when questioned about this did they eventually change our room.The room was great, very large ,albeit as others have said it was very dark and you needed lights on even during the day.The bathroom was huge and no complains re the housekeeping or hot water.We used the Spice Buffet for breakfast a couple of times and this had a huge range of food to choose from but there are much cheaper places if you prefer within the Miracle Mile shopping Mall adjoining the Hotel.We also ate in Plant Dailies where we had a pork dish which was great and of course plenty of Starbucks.The Fitness Centre is good with gym,jacuzzi and steam room but it costs an extra $25 per person which I felt was cheeky considering what you are paying already but we did get a voucher on arrival which allowed one free pass for one day for one person.The pool area is nothing special and to be honest on a weekend you feel like herded cattle lying in rows. My husband likes loud music and even he thought the volume was excessive - all day - and it was non stop but the younger crowd loved it. It was ok for a couple of hours but then I had to get out of the place for a bit of peace to read my book. During the weekdays it's better but still constant music but not background music - loud nightclub volume.The hotel's location is great and you can walk everywhere from there.We got tickets for Bette Midler at Caesars Palace and she was brilliant.Overall it wasa good holiday but if you are going to relax in the sun for a few days and like some quiet to read at the pool I would pick another hotel.	
Jun 30 2009 	Would choose different hotel if we returned to Vegas	Spent two nights at Planet Hollywood. I found it one of the less attractive hotels on the strip. Dark and oppressive. You needed to walk through the dark and dingy casino to get out and it was almost scary, no exit signs, what would you do in case of a fire? The noise in the public areas was ridiculous - even in the lift the music blared at you. It is attached to the Miracle Mile shopping centre which is ...... a shopping arcade. Rooms were dimly lit and a little cramped - dark wood furniture didn't help the ambiance, although the bathroom area was large with plenty of toiletries and towels. What was the theme of this hotel supposed to be? Only reference to Hollywood was a tacky poster on the wall and a small table with item from a film. Hollywood?	
Jun 29 2009 	Good location okay for singles but I'd rather stay elsewhere when traveling with my husband.	So, I can't really complain that when I checked in, I was upgraded to an enormous room that overlooked the Bellagio fountains, which I could watch from one of 2 windows or my bathtub. (We booked a standard room at the last minute for what I think was probably a very high rate at $250/night.) The room was very large and on the 21st floor. So no complaints with room size, auto upgrade, or views!While the room itlself and linens were clean, they left old wrinkled room service cards and stuff like that on the tables, bed, etc., which I thought was gross, cheap, and took the hotel down a notch in my view. Also the shower head was really gross, covered in lime deposits. If some of those details would have been taken care of, I would have seen the hotel more favorably but it was a bad first impression. I just don't personally love the decor at Planet Hollywood, which to me is very clubby/trendy. It would be fun for a group of singles or bachelor/ette party. And, although my husband and are young enough to appreciate this style, I just didn't think it was very romantic. And the trendy look isn't done in a high-end, elegant way.The location - across from Bellagio - and right on LV Blvd. (the Strip) is good, and that is what I liked best about this hotel. I guess this hotel has all the amenities you need, BUT the gym is $25/day / person. You have to pay for high speed internet. Although I didn't eat in the restaurants, I wasn't really interested in those available. (I can eat in PF Chang when I'm at home.) The pools (there are 2 next to each other) are fine, but not remarkable - no bells and whistles like lazy rivers or wave pools or beatiful decor to write about - they're just pools. The scene at the pool is just like a nightclub - lots of booze, hormones, tattoos and loud music. It's entertaining for about 2 days, and then you just want to retire to nice clean uncrowded pool.For the price we paid for the room...and considering that we only used the hotel for the room...I would rather upgrade and stay at a hotel with pretty, clean rooms and/or a really nice pool OR downgrade and stay at Bally's which is right next door, still clean rooms and excellent location, less amentices, and not the trendy scene. Finally, the conceirge would not recommend restaurants at other hotel properties. He instead directed me off the strip! Word of advice: if you want to figure out the good restaurants and clubs, it is best to research this yourself and hotels will only recommend what's on their property or sister properties. The MGM group owns about 8 hotels in Vegas, but Planet Hollywood is on its own. I WOULD recommend this hotel to twenty and thirtysomethings - especially singles - who are traveling to Las Vegas for the nightlife. I would NOT recommend this hotel to families (definitely wouldn't want to take my kids to the pool), older couples, or couples who are traveling for a romantic weekend of nice dinners and shows. For my next Vegas trip, I am going to plan the nightclubs I want to visit and make a reservation so I don't have to wait in THAT line. I also plan to see more Cirque du Soleil shows, to hit the pool from about 10 to 12, then to shop from 1 to 6, to research good restaurants for dinner, followed by a show!	
Jun 28 2009 	Great for 10 Girls on a whim!!!	We have a blast at PH! We had a panaorama suite and it was amazing! We had a great view of the south strip, and we could see the fountain from the bedroom. We enjoyed the bar, the decor and the malls. Something for everyone of us! The casino was very tight...found more luck at the Luxor than there. The waitresses in PH were few and far between. The Club Tatoo in the mall is awesome!!! Those guys were so nice!! Loved the Yard drinks and the food at the hotel was great. Koi was superb. The only negative thing I have to say is that we had to run the shower for 15-30 minutes before we could get hotwater. Sort of a drag for 10 girls and two showers. Definately will bring my husband back! (He'd love the pleasure pit)	
Jun 27 2009 	Simply Brilliant	Having just returned from 7 nights stay at Planet Hollywood all I can say to others is book here you will love it.We got there and it took 15 mins to check in, got to the room on the 19th floor and had a perfect view of the fountains.Beds are so good, really did bot want to get out of bed some days.Cleaners came everyday so no complaints there.Pleasure pit was good, never seen so much silicone in such a small area of a casino!!!All the shops, restaurants were top notch. Only complaint was that the holiday had to end.	
Jun 26 2009 	Amazing Bachelor Party!	Stayed here for my bachelor party from June 3-8 with 6 guys. Had a great time here! Perfect location. Center of the strip. Great value!Rooms - Most of us were upgraded to a suite and a couple guys got the penthouse suite. The regular suites were really nice! Better then what I expected from PH. Huge bathroom, very comfortable beds, flat screen tv…The Penthouse was really nice. Not something you would find in the Wynn, but it’s huge, Hollywood themed and amazing view of the strip! A bit dirty/worn though.Casino is really nice. Wouldn’t recommend it for older travelers. Lunch buffet was pretty good – got a voucher at check-in which made the bill come to about 12bux each which was amazing!Koi Japanese restaurant was incredible! Highly recommended!Prive – we did bottle service every night in Vegas and we had the most fun here. Not sure what can be attributed to that but I do remember the music being really good… Pool – Basic looking pool. Again, dance music always blasting. Not even good tunes though. Could be tough to get a few chairs by the pool during the day.	
Jun 26 2009 	loved this hotel1	great hotel with mall inside. tons of restaurants at the miracle mall and inside the casino itself! very, very conveniently located on the strip! great atmosphere, felt excitement from the second you walk into the lobby and through the casino. room was large and the beds were really comfy! will def stay here again!	
Jun 26 2009 	Great place to stay	Our room was amazing, bathroom was enormous, beds were very comfy everything about this accommodation was great. Our first trip to Vegas was fantastic. We felt the casino area was targeting the younger set.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great location own shopping mall ! For some reason they don't like aussies...	We were really happy with the place when we arrived, and the room was really nice (if not a tad smaller than we'd expected ... but still ok). 2 nights into our stay though we arrived back from a night out to find our room stinking of ... well ... FAECES ! No other way to describe it ! It took a bit of negotiations on the phone to reception to get them to change our room and also to upgrade us (we had to basically demand this, they were going to give us the same room on a lower floor - i don't think so!). The reception staff weren't very friendly and really only give you the minimum required attention. The location is really great though, you don't even have to leave the building to get to miracle mile - the shopping mall which was GREAT. It's got restaurants and a theatre as well. A side note : I wouldn't bother again with the shopping outlets, they were a waste of time ! Also if you're australian you don't get the freebies on offer .. you're constantly approached by people trying to flog stuff or give stuff away, but whenever we said we were australians on our honeymoon the staff would just walk off ! I also recommend the japanese restaurant in paris next door, it was great !	
Jun 24 2009 	brilliant	first time in vegas and wont be the last and will defo be back at planet hollywood we were here for our silver wedding anniv and have no complaints we were in hollywood hip room 36th floor no fountain view but that didnt matter still good view and room wasnt dark at all we must have been fortunate because it was quiet around our room and floor planet dailies big breakfast was a bit much hugeo pf changs chinese was first class within planet hollywood loved the casino noisy but noisy with good music loved sitting in the heart bar people watching. going with other reviews there were timeshare but say no thanks and thats it off they go no probs to sum up, vegas is very laid back visited most of the hotelson the strip but for atmosphere planet defo the best ps bette midler well worth the money go see if poss cheers	
Jun 24 2009 	Best place to stay in Vegas	Stayed in the Planet Hollywood with friends in June. This was our first time in Vegas and I have to say this was the best hotel to stay in. The hotel is right in the middle of the strip and beside everything. If you under 40 and and want to get the best out of vegas stay here.As there was four of us in the room the reception upgraded up to to a large room. Our view faced over the pool but the room was good. There is plently of places to eat within the hotel and the food is excellent, the staff are also very friendly and helpful. There is a large shopping mall jointed onto the hotel call the miracle mile with plenty of shops it caters for everyones taste.On my next trip to vegas I will definitely be staying here again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Hotel	Just came back from 2 week stay in Planet Hollywood, had a great holiday loved the Hotel very comfortable, clean and staff were very helpful. Only one downside it was quite noisy especially around the pool. Live DJ's all weekend, no rest for the hanover, music echoed all around the pool until 5.00pm.Great location if we go back we would maybe try another Hotel where it wasn't quite as noisy.	
Jun 22 2009 	Why haven't I stayed here sooner	I travel to Vegas often, and I've stayed just about everywhere but here, however I couldn't pass up the great deals Planet Hollywood was giving via TripRes, not only did we recieve a bottle of alcohol every night, but we recieved two free dinner buffets, and let me just tell you I'm not a buffet person at all but because it was free I decided to check it out, and it was amazing - I will be staying here again on my next trirp, and I will be paying for thier buffet. Not to mention they have Pinks hot dogs at the bar, an awesome sandwhich shop called 'Earl of Sandwhich' which was the BEST sandwhich I've ever had and they were huge and cost only 5.95 HELLO and they have fresh ground Kona Coffee 24/7 which was great coffee !! Not a hotel for kids as they have pole dancers all over the casino (good looking ladies though!) - had the fountain room as part of a free upgrade through TripRes and we sat and watched the Bellagio fountains every night from our room.. there are many shops to chose from , high end and not high end, like bath and body works :-) Just do yourself a favor and stay here at least once!! Beds comfy what more can you ask for !	
Jun 21 2009	Great Location	Stayed here for 3 nights in June. Great value with a great location. Right in the centre of the strip! Rooms are sizeable, clean with movie themes. The casino is one of the most modern we visited. The restaurants are good and the attached mall offers further options to eat. Not forgetting shopping. The pool area was good also. Would definitely stay here again. Minor gripe being you have to pay for internet in your room, but considering it's Las Vegas I let this go... and wen't to the mall instead and sat in a Coffee shop!	
Jun 21 2009 	Great location fun youthful atmosphere	We found PH to be a great hotel, we stayed in a resort room which was wonderful we requested a room in front and had views of the Bellagio fountains. Tip advice when using Tix4Tonight buy a restaurant voucher you can return the next day to the VIP line as long as you have original receipt you wont have to wait the queue and chances are you will get the show tickets you want to see, we did this 3 times saved the queues and got all the shows we wanted	
Jun 19 2009 	Great value	My wife and I stayed here in December 2008. We used starpoints and the value was great. The shops and casino are very nice and the shows are terrific. The rooms were spacious and clean and the service great. The buffet was a bit crowded when we were there so we tried PF Changs and that was delicious. The location of the hotel is perfect and we've stayed at Caesars, Paris and the Venetian in the past. We loved the lighting throughout the hotel and my wife got a kick out of the dancers in the casino. Great for a couple or group of friends. Stomp the Yard or whatever it is called was awesome and very entertaining.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great for the under 50's	We recently spent 3 nights at this hotel and loved it. We were kindly upgraded to a Bellagio fountain view room although the windows are not that large so the view is somewhat limited! Our room was located on level 16 and had everything we wanted, plus was very clean and well laid out. Best is the large bathroom with separate bath and shower and very spacious! We only tried one restaurant which was average. Only small complaint is the constant loud music blaring throughout the public areas and the pool area is fairly uninteresting. Very well located on the strip. Would highly recommend to the under 50's.	
Jun 16 2009 	Loved the bed	Loved this hotel and casion , the bed was the best ever and the bathroom was nice and big. The slots were pretty loose. The only thing i didn't like was that it was a lot of &quot;working girls&quot; in the hotel. Went to see Peep Show and i really enjoyed it. Overall this is a nice place to stay. FYI...at night they bring out the &quot;pole dancers&quot; at the cards table, so if you dont like this kind of thing then this is not the place to be.	
Jun 16 2009 	A week in the "Hollywood"	We stayed here when it was the Aladdin, no huge changes over all but think we may have been lucky. Arrived at 10pm on a Thursday – no queue at check in at all, however every time we went past check in during our stay it had a huge line. The free valet is ideal, never had to wait long. When I checked in I asked for a view as we were there a week. We were offered the King Size non smoking we’d asked for or a 2 queen bed best view in the house but not a non smoking. We went for the first, they advised it was near the lifts and may be a little noisy but would change it if not happy. The lifts are audible but no more than the Bellagio fountains and were no problem. The room had a great view and was on the north side – Paris and Bellagio. Room was based on Warren Beatty. The room was a good size, as the bathroom – only faults were shower was useless – plus the shower head came off in my hand! (funny at time) and if the hotels busy put the shower on 10 mins before you get in. TV is huge and has HD channels – when available – not all the time!Casino OK, we’re slot players and hit a jackpot here and the Bellagio on then same day! Ended up even. You have to pay $13.99 for each 24 hours of Wireless but was really quick,We would stay here again, the bed was super comfortable and huge. Really recommend the Earl of Sandwich (Chicken Noodle soup yummy) and the Mexican inside the Casino was excellent – the Pork Chop is the best pork chop my husband has ever eaten and we had the best waiter (Todd) we’ve come across in a long time.	
Jun 16 2009 	Would definately recommend this super duper hotel!	Had an amazing stay here and would definately stay here again!!The hotel has the best location, right in the middle of the strip so within easy walking distance or bus ride of the main attractions, definately worth staying in the middle of the strip if you dont want to spend forever walking or spend a fortune on taxis!We didnt sample any of the food here or really require any services as such, although concierge did book us a show, the lady was really helpful, so i cant really comment on any of these things but theres so many places to eat in LV you wouldnt wanna stay in the hotel anyway! Casino was fab, really big and always busy, more of a young and fun crowd than some of the posher hotels, would definately recommend it for people looking to party! The room was big, comfy beds and a really good bathroom, the room was a bit dark and we were on a really high level which was a bit of a pain but seen as we spent about 20 hours of our whole 6 day trip in our room i really cant complain, it was a fab base to get ready and to sleep for a few hours and thats all we wanted, LV is the most amazing place, who wants to stay in the room?! Pools are quite small but a good crowd there, enjoyed the dj and just enjoyed having some sunshine!!So to sum up, a &quot;younger&quot; hotel with awesome location, and we got it reeeeeeally cheap off expedia so an all round winner!!	
Jun 16 2009 	Fabulous decor helpful staff great food choices slightly grubby room!	We stayed at the Planet Hollywood for the first part of our Honeymoon and on the whole we thought it was a great hotel! The staff were really friendly, polite and helpful and upgraded us to a strip view room overlooking the Bellagio fountains for free as it was our honeymoon.The decor throughout the hotel and casino was plush and modern and the food choices were excellent - especially the Spice Market Buffet for breakfast or lunch and Planet Dailies for that 5am snack after a night in the casinos!The pool was gorgeous and lively - exactly what you'd want in Vegas with regular cocktail waitresses taking drinks orders.The only downside - and it was minor - was that the bathroom was a little bit grubby with lots of hair and cigarette ash in the bath (in a non-smoking room) and someone's falsh eyelash in the shower!!! Apart from this I would definitely recommend the hotel for the price, location and facilities.	
Jun 16 2009 	Fantastic hotel in a great location!	My husband and I stayed at the Planet Hollywood for 5 nights. This hotel is superb. We couldn't have asked for a better location, it's right in the middle of the strip. Check in was quite slow but when we got to the desk, we asked the receptionist if we could have a strip view. She had a quick look on her system and upgraded us to a superior room without us even having to ask! The staff were all friendly, helpful and polite. We ate in the buffet restaurant a few times, which was fantastic, every taste catered for! The other eateries seemed a bit expensive for what they were selling but there are plenty of places outside of the hotel to eat. Rooms were spotless and the one we were in was huge!Fantastic hotel, in a great location!	
Jun 16 2009 	No complaints about Plantet Hollywood for us!!	We stayed for 4 nights after a 3 night trip to San Fran. We arrived about 4.30pm on Mon 8th June (my birthday and the reason why we and 2 friends were in vegas for the 1st time!) Check in took about 15 mins. We had booked a hip room and I asked for one with a good view as it was my birthday. The receptionist was lovely and gave us a room on 28th floor with fantastic views of the fountains and with two queen beds. Our room was the Wesley Snipes room with all relevant memorabilia. We didnt find the room to be too dark and the tv was well located. The room service charge had already been included in the cost of the room. We did have a problem with the safe on arrival but that was rectified within 20mins of calling the desk.After a very drunken night celebrating, we went down to Spice buffet for breakfast, using our $5 discounts. However as it was 10.50 we missed breakfast and they were serving lunch food at lunch time price! The next 2 mornings we were in time for breakfast. We found the food varied and plentiful. The last day we had the steak special for breakfast at Bill's gambling hall - not recommended!Only visited the pool area for a couple of hours. As said previously you need to get down early for a bed round either of the pools, as the sun doesnt get over the main area until after 11am.The mile shops were excellent but as we are not gamblers, cannot comment on the casino. We checked out on line with no problem. Enjoyed our stay at PH and would recommend.	
Jun 16 2009 	Get a job you like...	As everyone else has said - yes the beds are comfy. But how sad that this is the best thing about the hotel. Unfortunately most of the staff wish they were somewhere else. Where was all the great American service i had heard about? The hotel is VERY noisy. We got married there and the service was good but whatever you think you're going to spend - treble it.	
Jun 15 2009 	great resort	rooms great,shops great ,hotel great but stay away from dinner buffet it's a hot mess we were very disappointed	
Jun 13 2009 	Good location + Big room	I've stayed 3 nights at the Planet Hollywood and I was happy about my stay there. It's a big hotel casino, my room was large and the bathroom too. I liked it. I didn't try the room service and the swimming pool. Others options, you have a big buffet downstairs call ''Spice Market Buffet'' with differents types of food, very good, a Starbucks and the ''Miracle Mile Shops''. The location is great, right on Las Vegas Boul., near of everything, I recommend it if you stay in Las Vegas.	
Jun 11 2009 	Second stay in 6 months....still really like this place!!	I travel to Vegas 6-8 times a year all for different reasons. This hotel/casino has a great location. You can walk to a ton of things from here. The standard rooms here are the best IMO. The bathroom is the best of any standard room i've stayed in. The comps and freebies for signing up for the A-list are better than any casino on the strip. I played the tables an average amount of time, but they still send me free nights and free buffets on a regular basis. Keep a close eye out, you may catch a celeb or two at this location. The only bad I can think of is the walls are a little thin and the hotel/casino itself does not have a sister hotel/casino in Vegas that I can visit to switch things up.	
Jun 11 2009 	Geared for the Young	This hotel is in a great location, and is attached to the Miracle Mile Mall (170 stores &amp; 15 restaurants). The hotel is truly beautiful in appearance. Hotel service is responsive and pleasing. Rooms are large, clean, and modern. Because of the loud hard rock music played in the lobby and casino, the hotel seems geared toward the young. Unfortunately, timeshare agents are everywhere you go in this hotel, constantly stopping you about timeshare tours. The hotel buffet is over rated and over priced. Upon my return to Las Vegas, I will stay at a different hotel, due to the timeshare agents, dark rooms, and loud music.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great Time	We stayed at PH because of family connections to the hotel, I had not taken advantage of this connection at the past because I thought this was a cheesy place to stay. I have stayed at the Venetian, Belogio, Flamigo, Mandalay Bay, Four seasons, Imperial Palace, and Treasure Island . I enjoyed the music played in the Hotel, so much better than the elevator music in the other hotels. Loved the size of the casino, didn't feel like a half mile walk to to each side, coupon book for 2 for one drinks gave us 16 drinks for about 5 bucks each, that was enough for 3 days. Lots of penny machines to play, and they payed a little so you could play for a long time. Room was OK , wasn't in it alot.Went to the Tina and Tony show after a couple of drinks in the bar overlooking the casino and had a ball, even the buffet food was good. go to this show knowing it is corny and jump in and dance and be silly, hey who do you know here?Overall we would stay here again, great location great atmosphere. PS I travel to vegas with a 4 cup coffee maker and prepackaged coffee disks, I love my coffee in bed when I want it.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great Location on the strip	I enjoyed my stay and the hotel and I have little negative to say about it. I liked......the decor...the restaurants we ate at were good, especially Yolo's...the miracle mile shops...my favorite place to shop in Vegas...the room service came quickly and was good...the large bathoom, comfortable bed, and the flatscreen tv above the tub...being in the middle of the stripThe part I didn't like......My room was on the 6th floor and had no view! I could only see the roof of the casino from my window.I have stayed at the Bellagio and the Orleans. It does not compare to the elegance of the Bellagio but it is a step up to the Orleans.Overall, I enjoyed my stay!	
Jun 10 2009 	First time to Vegas but probably last stay at PH	I'll keep this short and simple.We went to Las Vegas with a group of friends and family for a wedding at PH (I was the Maid of Honour and my husband was the Best Man). The wedding party &amp; family stayed at PH Resort &amp; Casino to make things easier. It was our first time to Las Vegas so I will try to be objective about the &quot;bad&quot; things as I am sure similar fault is found in any resort on the Las Vegas Strip. Also my last few vacations have been to the caribbean and south america so it was nice to go somewhere where i could drink the water for once! haha!The Good:-Beautiful hotel and casino-Rooms were HUGE and quiet-rooms all had movie themes - kinda cheesy but hey it's vegas! we thought it was cute. (ours was &quot;die hard&quot; themed - see my pics for details)-The wedding reception was held in a &quot;Panoramic&quot; room and it was HUUUUGE (bigger than my condo at home) and the view was gorgeous-The Miracle Mile was neat for shopping (loved the Bettie Page store!) and the bride and I had a great breakfast at some tiki-themed restaurant in the miracle mile (i cant remember what it was called but all the staff wore grass skirts) on the morning of the wedding. Service was friendly and fast and they had great mimosas!- Bed in our room was super comfortable- The heart bar in the middle of the casino was our meet-up place for the entire trip. The staff were really nice there and it was comfortable (expensive though!)- The wedding turned out really nice and my brother and sister in law had a great day. the wedding cake was DELICIOUS too!- The pools looked nice but we were so busy with wedding stuff we didn't really get to go swimming. We checked them out the day after the wedding but it was too hot to go in (both pools are in full sun).The &quot;Not Great&quot;- My main - and pretty much only - beef is a big one: Customer Service left A LOT to be desired. The people who checked us in and out were great, and the staff at various bars, restaurants were nice but if you ever have a problem with your room or something, forget it, they just don't care. I would also like to mention that they had the GALL to charge us $300 U.S. for 24 hour rental of a dvd player (for the wedding reception i had prepared a little video to be shown). REALLY?! I could BUY one and give it to the Goodwill shop afterwards for less than that! If I knew they were going to charge us that much I would have told them where to put their dvd player but it was rented and paid for by a family member without telling me the cost. Anyway, lesson learned and future wedding parties/good intentioned maids of honour, don't bother with dvd player rental at PH.BUT WAIT it gets better! After renting their amazing $300 dvd player, it didnt work properly! You'd think for that price they would come and set it up and oh, i don't know, make sure it worked for the reception - but no. Luckily many of us at the wedding are in the media biz and were able to fix it ourselves because when I called reception to ask for help they cut me off, transferred me to the multimedia department where i was instructed to leave a message, and then I never got a call back. - the wedding was very nice and turned out beautiful BUT there were issues in that the bride and groom were not allowed to bring the photographer they had hired into the ceremony. the hotel would only allow them to use their photographer - she was great and their pictures turned out lovely but they had spent all this money to hire their own photographer and were slightly upset by this. Luckily the one the bride and groom hired took us all out and got some great shots on and around the strip after the wedding so it wasn't a total waste.- This hotel is very expensive. Look for deals on expedia or itravel or priceline if you are planning to stay here.-$30 per person a day to go to the gym in the hotel? i dont think so. Although I hear this is pretty standard in Vegas so I won't fault them for that.Other than that we had a great time in Vegas and our experience at PH was still a good stay. However next time I would stay at a different hotel. Many in our group stayed at New York New York or the Imperial, and while maybe they aren't as &quot;fancy&quot; as PH, they certainly didn't pay as much as we did for their stay so to me thats worth it. But hey, you should try a different hotel everytime anyway right?	
Jun 10 2009 	Good and Bad - Wouldn't Stay There Again	I took my boyfriend to Vegas for his 30th birthday and it was his first time there. I was looking for a hotel with a good location, good atmosphere and decent price. I found all of these things with Planet Hollywood. However, there were some issues that would make me go elsewhere on my next visit.First though, the good:- as mentioned above, the location - it's close to the monorail if you want to head far north and perfectly situated for a decent walk south - good atmosphere in the casino - it was definitely more of a party atmosphere than many of the other casinos with the music, lights and the Pleasure Pit- sign up for the players club, we won $50 off the free $5 in slot play just for giving them an e-mail address. It's been a couple of weeks since coming back home and I haven't received any communications from them so I don't think it's going to be a problem.- Miracle Mile Shops - a huge convenience to have shopping and dining so close to the room and just like everyone says, it's wonderful to have Earl of Sandwich and the ABC store nearby (thanks former forum users.) We also ate breakfast at the Cantina a couple of times. - Rooms (good things) - comfortable beds, spacious bathrooms and enough lighting for me. I grumbled once about it being really dark and just to be sarcastic, my boyfriend went around the room turning on lights and tada! there was plenty enough light to be able to see whatever I wanted to see. I could've even read a book if I had wanted to.... (so just turn on the lights people.)And now, the bad:- Rooms - the walls are VERY thin. We were woken up our first night there by screaming girls in the room behind us saying they were V-I-P BABY!!! (My first drunken thought is then why are you in a Hollywood Hip room at Planet Hollywood...) Anyways, we were able to clearly hear every word of every conversation our &quot;neighbors&quot; had for 2 days.... which takes me to - Service - when I called to ask if we could change rooms because of lack of ability to sleep (I know it's Vegas but I would like to get SOME sleep to recharge for future play), I was told that would be possible, but for an extra $120/night on top of what I already paid. And just a warning for those booking package deals with Travelocity or Expedia and not directly with PH, you may not be able to get a refund and go somewhere else either. I had purchased a non-refundable package so we were stuck in the room with the crazy girls behind our bed. It made for a miserable first half of the trip. (But hey, at least we could hear what they planned to do each day so we could avoid those spots.) Also, we were there for 4 nights and on 2 of them, we came back to random trash outside of our room. One day it was an opened jug of water from Walgreens sitting in a plastic bag in front of our door and the next it was two empty glasses. Other than that, our rooms were clean and the hallways seemed OK, just not sure who was putting trash directly in front of our door.- Pool - If you don't get to the pool early, you will get a really crappy place to lay. There are two VERY small pools and chairs go quickly. After that, your only option is to lay by some fake grass between pots of plants and fake lamp posts that block the sun for like every 5th chair. Also, early in the day the hotel itself blocks the sun so you end up with a mostly shady pool area. It's by far the worst pool I've seen on the strip.We got there at 5:00 p.m. to a long line but were able to check in quickly - no problems there. Overall, I would say that after the noisy girls checked out our vacation improved but just beware that the walls are paper thin. Our next visit back we will stay somewhere nicer and just come back to PH to gamble.	
Jun 10 2009 	Fantastic Location Great Atmosphere OK rooms	Stayed here for 3 nights with my Dad. Other members of our group were staying in other hotels. Was Memorial Weekend so Vegas and the Hotel were busy. Checkin easy but found initial room to be substandard - a strange musty odour. A trip back to the reception secured us a nicer room on a higher floor. They definitely need more lighting in the rooms - this is really my only compliant. Great bathroom and bathtub, brilliant views and SUPER comfortable bed. Wireless internet was not free but was fast. Ordered room service one drunken evening and it was GREAT - better than most of the other food eaten in Vegas.When we couldn't open the safe, security were with us within a matter of minutes.The casino and public areas are a lot more geared to the younger set which is brilliant. None of the tired granny glamour you see at Paris, Caesars or Bellagio. The pool area was great too, with cheap drinks and a great DJ on weekend afternoons.All in all, a wonderful Vegas experience - I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 9 2009	Great for young couples or group of friends	Just returned from Planet Hollywood hotel with 16 blokes on a stag doo. We arrived after quite a bit of drink on the plane and was checked in quite quickly. The rooms are nice enough. They are quite dark but your in Vegas so who cares about the rooms. The location of the hotel is very good. The casino is very lively as is the pool with a dj most of the time. Getting into the club can be hard work. They let in there mates and think they are Johnny hard with the way they talk to people. If you want to get in put up or go somewhere else. Earl of sandwich is ok for a change. Bottle of bud is $6. Tip......put a dollar in a slot drinks lady will come over order your drink tip here then your free to walk away with your drink. All in all I would stay there again but if you want a quiet hotel then dont stay here.	
Jun 7 2009 	Good stay at the Hip Planet Hollywood	First advise...use the valet parking! from the free parking to the hotel it's a real long walk then you have to pass all The Miracle Mile shops.A bit line for the check in but overall it was quite fast and the guy was very friendly and courteus.The room was really large enought, two queen size beds, round table with an armchair, spacious working desk and a big lcd tv, hip decor. View was over the Strip.Some movie stuff was in the room, pictures, a fake bomb, a leather jacked used by Arnold Schwarzenegger.. funky touchesThe big marble bathroom had two basin, separate shower and tub.Thanks to the free coupons for The Spice Market buffet, I went there for breakfast and it was very good! excellent choice, live cooking stands, good service.The hotel stands in the middle of the strip, perfect location.Overall a very good experience at the PH!!	
Jun 5 2009 	The experience was just "OK"	We stayed at the Planet Hollywood Hip room for 2 nights earlier this month. SInce we checked in around 10:30pm, we didn't have to line up to check-in. The check-in process was quick and the person who dealt with us was pleasant. We requested a higher-floor room and was given one on othe 17th floor. The room was very spacious with one King-sized bed, however there was no movie theme in the room. The bathroom was very spacious with a big bath-tub. There was also a shower stall, however it seem dirty and did not quite match the theme of the room. At first glance, the room was great, however upon close examination, we could tell the room was not completely cleaned/organized by the housekeeping staff. The floor mat for the shower stall was missing as was the soap. However on the 2nd day, both of these things were in the bathroom after we returned to the room at night. The $5 resort fee they charged per person per day is quite the rip-off since it only includes 2 bottle of water, newspaper and unlimited local calls. Both days we were there, the newspaper was not delivered. It is only on the day of our check-out that we found newspaper at the door in the morning. The bed itself was very comfortable. Our package also included $15 free-slot play, however we soon found out you need to spend $40 at the slots before you can &quot;earn&quot; the $15 free slot-play which is another rip-off. Earlier in the week we stayed at MGM and we're given $20 free slot-play without having to spend anything. The location of the hotel is great as it is in the midddle of the strip so it's close to everything. Overall our stay was ok, we really enjoyed the comfy bed, however we will probably stay elsewhere next time.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great Location	This was our first trip to las vegas and we really enjoyed our stay at planet hollywood. We stayed in a hollywood hip room which was a great size and had a huge bathroom a bit dissapoined with the view but you can't have everything. The bdes are mega comfy .The location of the strip was really good on our 1st day we had breakfast in one of the restaurants in ther mall and it cost over $40 dollars. We then discovered the earl of sandwich in PH which was really cheap and nice approx $15 for 3 breakfast sandwiches. We went to the spice market buffet which was ok they give you a $25 dollar money off coupon. Planet dailies was also ok.The one tip I would give you is to bring the most comfortable pair of shoes you have as I have the blisters to prove what the strip does to your feet ! The premium outlet mall is briilant they have a guess , juicy couture, coach, ed hardy, tommy hillfiger, ralph lauren approx $150 shops we spent a whole day there and went back again on our last day !!Strastosphere was brillant although I personally left the scary rides out and left that to my 10 yr old boy.	
Jun 4 2009 	Planet Hollywood-Out of this world?	We just returned from a 3 night stay at Planet Hollywood. I know the reviews on this site have been mixed, but we got a good rate and since it is in such a good location on the Strip decided to try it.(We had stayed there when it was the Aladdin). The best thing about the room was the great bathroom! It was very large, had a separate large tub, shower, and room for toilet as well as a big vanity top. The bed was very comfortable, the room very clean, and although the window was on the small size, we had a nice view of the pool and partial view of the strip. We were near the elevator but heard no noise at all. There was no &quot;do not disturb &quot; sign so I made my own and hung it on the doorknob and when the maid came by she did put a printed one in the key opening. (I do think it's odd that those signs are not in each room) I asked for an extra 45 min. extension on checkout, and was cheerfully given it. We ate several times at the Planet Dailies-portions are quite large and we split our breakfast order and had plenty for the 2 of us. Internet service available in room but for $13.99-I think that should be free. Having the Miracle Mile Mall attached is a big plus. There are 2 ABC stores there where you can find reasonable prices for misc. items, and a Coffee Bean store with free WIFI (very slow, but free) It was also nice to be able to shop without going out in the heat. The Duece Bus stop is right in front of the hotel and that was convenient for going up and down the Strip.I wasn't that impressed with the Casino-maybe I'm too old to appreciate the Pleasure Pit.All in all, maybe not out of this world, but certainly good value for the money.	
Jun 3 2009 	Loved Stay at PH but one bad flaw.........	We stayed at PH over Memorial Day weekend (5/23 - 5/26) and for the most part enjoyed our stay. The room was clean and we had enough room to move around (it was 4 of us, 3 girls, 1 guy. Thank goodness for the large bathroom :)). Room also looked just like the pictures. Arrived at 11:30 that morning and was immediately checked in. Staff was very friendly. Planet Dailies had good food for reasonable prices. Location of hotel is the best as it is in the middle of the strip. you just walk out of the hotel onto the strip and decide if you want to go to the left or right :) Also loved the Miracle Mile Shops. It was nice to be able to walk around and pick up anything that you may have forgotten. The casino was nice as well but didnt spend a lot of time in it. Only went to the pool once, PH should think about upgrading the pool area since you can equate it to getting in your pool in your backyard. My only complaint about PH is the night club Prive. We tried to go that Sunday night and had a terrible experience. After standing in line for over an hour (mind you we were there before they even started letting people in so we were right up front) to get into a so NOT crowded club, one of the host was trying to get some of his friends in and trying to get them to jump the line. Make a long story short, he walked up to us and said &quot;move or be moved&quot;, some words were exchanged, he instructed his clients to, and I quote, &quot;just knock them over&quot;and then it really turned into a big scene. It was a big mess and the people working at Prive are ignorant and disrespectful. There were a lot of witnesses to the incident as there were more people waiting in line than were actually in the club and many of them walked off because they couldnt believe what had just happened and because they had been standing in line waiting for over an hour as well. They were actually picking and choosing who they were going to let in the club and if you didnt look a certain way, well you were not getting in. Its is really sad to witness this type of discrimination in 2009, but what can you say. It is their club and they can let in who they would like. My suggestion for people of color, older couples, foreigners (unless asian), people not willing to pay the bouncers $100 plus to get pass the rope (and still have to pay to get in once you get up the escalator), and for people who dont like to go out naked reading this, just go to another club and dont waiste your time at Prive. Security at PH was very helpful and after the incident provided us with the corporate number and address to call and lodge a complaint as the employees of Prive are not employed by PH. Will something be done, probably not, but we will NEVER EVER attempt to go to Prive again. But PH may want to be careful because if instances like this continue, future guests may associate Prive with PH and decide not to stay at PH ever again.	
Jun 2 2009 	Nice for Location	The staff was nice when we were in the hotel, they even upgraded us to a strip view. The room was a lot smaller than I thought it would, which made me glad I decided to get ready for my wedding in my friend's room at the pallazzo. The deep tub was heaven sent after being on my feet for 3 days non-stop. It was very nice to have an affordable mall and resteraunts attached to the hotel. As far as the night club, be ready to come early or stand in line for the majority of the night. I suggest &quot;Jet&quot; in the Mirage. It was fun, the music was great, and the line kept moving.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great Location - Poor Execution	We stayed for 7 nights over the Memorial Day weekend. We were upgraded to a resort room which is larger than the standard room.Overall impression of the hotel is great. I love the look and feel of the place however it is this design that really put a negative on our stay. The casino area is imposible to navigate. There are various exits out the hotel but not all to the strip. You can see an exit but it may be towards the back of the hotel leading into the shops. Due to all the architecture on the casino floor and the walkways all leading into the centre of the casino it is hard to find your way out and back into the right elevetor areas again.Pool areas is OK, just a big flat patch of concrete with sunloungers and two raised pool areas mostly full of people wanting to look good and no room to use the pool for the intended purpose of swimming.We only ate in Planet Dailies and at Earl of Sandwich. PD is great as quickly seated and fed and not over priced. EOS is ok but not really worth the money and personally I prefer a cold sandwich to a grilled one but no complaints on quality.Connecting mall with 2 ABC stores is great for a look round and filling up on drinks and snacks compred to hotel shops and vending machine prices. We got through a lot of 1Litre bottles of water from ABC for 99c, which was the best value we found compared to Walgreens and CVS.Overall I would stay again and recommend but it would have to be a much better deal than surrounding hotels to stay here as location is about perfect for our needs.	
Jun 2 2009 	Will NEVER go back to Planet Hollywood!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	PH was the worst place we could have stayed in Vegas. Do the reserch and find a place that is all good. Rooms are not nice at all. Plain and small. Ours was not very clean. Staff are rare. If you can find one they are not much help. Staff we dealt with were rude, and did not help much at all on any of our basic requests. Phones were not working. Pool is cramped. We stayed at the MGM Signiture Suites a year ago, and it was the best place we have ever stayed. PH could use a lesson or 2 from the MGM suites. If you are planning a trip to Vegas, do yourself a favour and stay away from the PH. We were realy disapointed. Will never go back!	
Jun 1 2009 	Needs Work!	This is a hip, trendy hotel complete with beautiful people, good shopping, a variety of dining options, and great location. On the downside, our room was on the 26th floor and I couldn't help noticing that most of the hotel along with our room were a bit shabby. I don't know if this is the result of all of the hard partying that goes on here or just that it needs attention. The pool (if you can call it that) is a joke. 2 small pools flank a concrete and astro-turf common area with broken down lounge chairs. Some of the padded loungers looked as if they had more than just drinks spilled onto them. It made me not want to sit on down. With all of the choices and package deals available on the strip, why not stay somewhere a bit more luxurious or at least somewhere with a fantastic pool. We definitely will.	
Jun 1 2009 	Flashy outside dissapointing inside	We stayed there for 2 nights and it was OK, but there were some points that could definitely be better. We had booked the rooms (non-smoking, fountain view) 3-4 months in advance and so hoped that everything would be secured. Upon arriving, the receptionist told us that our room had indeed a view of the Bellagio fountsins, but they didn't have a non-smoking one for the first night. We didn't really mind, since this is something they can't guarantee 100% when you book. When we entered our room, we were very negatively surprised: The room hadn't been cleaned! It was left as it was when the previous tennants had left, bed undone, ashtrays full of cigarettes, etc etc. This was the first time something like that happened to me so we went straight to the reception again where they just apologised and put us in another similar room. We later found out that it was situated next to the elevators and couldn't get a decent night's sleep because of the noise. The next day we asked to be moved to a non-smoking room as promised and away from the elevators. They did move us to another one. Overall, the location of this hotel was great, as it's in the centre of the Strip, right across Belaggio and next to Paris. The view we had was also amazing, the Belaggio fountains and the Strip. But the rooms were quite dark and not very clean. In fact, there was some toothpaste stain in the sink, and the shower didn't look very clean. We then stayed in a Best Western hotel in San Francisco, which is suposed to be a budget hotel and not a &quot;resort&quot; as PH, and it was amazingly clean and well-decorated compared to this one! The furniture and carpet looked worn out and I wonder if this hotel has really been refurbished. They could have spent a bit more money and make the rooms look a bit more decent. Finally, we did 2 phone calls to the San Franscisco area to book another hotel for the rest of our holidays, that lasted around 2 minutes each. They charged us 65 dollars...!!!! When we complained they said it's not them charging, but the phone company. Unbelievable!	
May 29 2009 	This hotel is awesome! STAY HERE!	I loved this hotel. Stay here if you are into shopping, nightlife, partying, gambling, and a general good time. The only issues we really had, were that the fitness center was an extra $25/day and the fact that the housekeeping staff (the ones on the phone) were terribly rude to us. We were there 5 days, and our room was only cleaned 1.5 days. The .5 came because we were in the room on the day that we had to call repeatedly to have our room cleaned, and she was only able to clean the bathroom. Besides that classless person on the end of housekeeping (who told us that housekeeping would &quot;get there when they get there&quot;, all the other staff were magnificent. The front desk, the bellmen, the men who called for taxis... all awesome. In Vegas, you can tell the class of your hotel by the availability of random people around to help direct you at all hours. PH definitely is in the top class. The location is also prime. It is across from the Bellagio, so easy access to the fountain show. There is a mall in the hotel; the Miracle Mile. It is next to the Paris Hotel, and is just up the block from Caesar's Palace. I would recommend this hotel (just dont ever ask housekeeping to come back... there's no guarantee).	
May 28 2009 	Great location - fun atmosphere	My husband and I were there over Memorial Day weekend and were very impressed with the room and the location. The front desk clerk who checked us in was able to upgrade us since we were staying 4 nights, even though it was a busy weekend. The room was great and we had a view of the Bellagio fountains. I always wanted to stay at the Bellagio just for this reason, but now realize I can stay across the street at a more afforadable, more comfortable resort.The breakfast buffet was good and well priced, especially with the $5 coupon you receive at check in. If you sign up for the &quot;A-List&quot; rewards system you get a coupon book that provides buy one get one's for a few of there outlets, which is a must. We went to Yolos twice. The first time was Thursday afternoon and we ate at the bar. We had awesome service by the nice blond bartender (didn't get her name), but she was so friendly and checked in on us often! Unfortunately, we ate there again on Sunday afternoon and the service was horrible. The hostess could care less that we walked in and the food took about an hour once we ordered. The server came back to say they were out of pork 20 minutes after the order was placed. This was the only bad experience we had during our stay and seemed to be an isolated incident. The Extra Lounge is great for late night people watching! Hours of enteraintment!The atmosphere in the casino is great and seems much airier than other casinos and seems less smokier. The croud is fun, great music pumped throughout the casino! The rooms are great, though perhaps could use a little more lighting. I would definitely stay here again!!P.S. - Try Serendipity 3 at Caesars for the Frozen Hot Chocolate! Don't expect great service, but the drink is worth it!	
May 27 2009 	Girls Weekend	My girlfriends and I met up in Vegas this past week (wed-sat) and stayed at PH. I got a GREAT deal through Hotwire ($93/night...can't believe it was that cheap)! The hotel itself is pretty trendy...lots of pretty lights, bling bling decor, &amp; great music. Great for singles!I was nervous about the room not being nice enough but it was exactly like the pictures (sometimes you get tricked). Our room was themed from the 1985 movie Perfect with John Travolta and Jamie Lee Curtis so I was pleased that we didn't get some freaky weird room. We especially loved the bathroom since the toilet had its own door so the other girls could get ready or shower or whatever. The thing I didn't especially like was that the shower door was totally see-through (okay if you're a couple but kinda weird if you're just friends). The casino is a bit small compared to the other nice hotels on the strip but that was okay with us b/c we weren't there for the gambling. The pleasure pit was interesting though b/c there were these girls in lingerie dancing around a pole. Prive is a really nice club located in the hotel. There's lots of places to eat as well as a mall attached to it (go to ABC to get liquor...much cheaper than getting it at the club). The spa was just your average dayspa with sauna/whirlpool/etc...get Gerry for a deep tissue massage. The pool could've been better for a 4 star, but that was okay since we got to see Russell Brand sitting in the cabana across the pool!	
May 27 2009 	Horrible customer service! Don't stay!!!	The only reason I even stayed there was because my friend booked there and she wanted me to stay there as well. Check in line was very long and took me 45 min. Then I explained that it was my friend's 50th birthday that day and wondered if they could do anything special for her. I was told no that they were too busy.The room was OK. Had some missing cupboard doors. Window to outside was filthy!! Had wiring pulled from walls. Blinds didn't block out all light.View was great. Pool lounge chairs extremely filthy. Stained and dirty.Empoyees rude to my friends at the desks. Key cards deactivated in the middle of stay.When I mentioned to the fron desk about the disatisfication of the stay, they really were unsympathetic. It is a great location. I am used to staying at the Venetian and the service is complete opposite!!!	
May 26 2009 	Not so Hollywood as one would think.......	Stay was booked as a package with JetBlue. Room size was nice but it was on the 6th floor which is a great view of the roof and AC units and that is it. They have an annoying room service voicemail that will call you with offers to free shows as long as you get dupped in to the sales pitch of their new towers that we were hounded around every corner for. The sales pitch was told to us as one hour to three hours long. TELL THEM YOU MAKE LESS THAN 60K and they will leave you alone. I liked the location of the hotel and the mall around it, but the overall staff just really sucked along with the lack of cleaning skills for the room. Will stay elsewhere next trip for sure.	
May 26 2009	"Planet Hollywood"	I've been to Vegas plenty of times, and have spent less money for a room on the strip and received better service than what Planet Hollywood has to offer. Upon our arrival we were not greeted with a smile or even a welcome to Planet Hollywood. The best greeting came from the staff trying to promote the PH Westgate time share. I'm still trying to figure out why PH has a housekeeping staff that doesn't clean all of the rooms. We had to pull a housekeeper from another room just to dump our trash and replenish our towels, bottled water and newspaper (which we were charged a mandatory fee of $5.95 per day for the water and paper). I know you don't come to Vegas to watch TV, but when you are in the room and you want to watch TV offering HBO in the room would be nice instead of just offering local channels. The iron in our room leaked water out onto our clothes as we were ironing; it took housekeeping 2 hours to bring a new iron to the room.My friend's husband was down in the Casino area, and asked for a glass of Remy...the cocktail waitress told him &quot;We only Serve Remy to High Rollers&quot;. How rude of her to assume that he wasn't a &quot;High Roller&quot;. The overall layout of the hotel was poorly designed, the non-smoking room smelled like a smoking room, the construction view of City Center may be a nice view once it's built but as for now it sucks. Planet Hollywood only has one main line that you have to wait sometimes 20 or more mins just to get connected to another room or even the front desk. As for what's good to eat at Planet Hollywood: The Spice Market &amp; PF Chang had the best food. Having Miracle Mall right next door to the hotel was great!!!	
May 23 2009 	Indifferent and extremely poor customer service	My wife and I stayed at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino 4/21 through 4/27/09. We booked through Expedia. It was the worst experience I have had travelling to Las vegas - and I have been there 9 times. Customer service on the part of the Housekeeping manager, front desk supervisor and security were essentially non-existent. Our room would not be serviced until I called 3 or 4 times per day even though I would rise early (about 7am) and leave the service soon sign on my door handle. At 2-3 or even 4 pm the room would still not be serviced. The housekeeping manager and front desk supervisor offered excuses like it is a big property, etc. When the housekeeping manager finally offered a complimentary breakfast buffet for our inconvenience, he did not notify the approriate people in the buffet or provided me with a coupon despite my asking if it was necessary. This led to further inconvenience and aggravation. And the floor I booked and stayed on was supposed to be non-smoking yet the occupants in the room next to mine clearly smoked. I stopped at security and the front desk twice to have this addressed and no one ever got back to me and the smoking continued. Clearly, this hotel has a lot of work to do on customer service. The hotel is located on a favorable spot on the strip and has great potential. Based on my experiences and lack of follow up on the hotel's part, I would not recommend this hotel.	
May 23 2009 	If the Price is Right - Great Place!	We stayed at P.H. May 10-15. We got an excellent package deal through Allegiant Airlines out of Bellingham. Arriving in the evening, check in was quick and efficient. We were given a non-smoking, king sized room (as requested) overlooking the south strip. The bed was very comfortable and we loved the roomy bathroom with separate toilet area. Hotel has easy access to the Miracle Mile mall (ask at customer service for their coupon book) with plenty of shops and restaurants. That's what we liked about P.H. - now for what we didn't like.Internet access costly; dark rooms, resort fees (which all of Vegas seems to charge). We were shocked that people were smoking in the hallways when we had a non-smoking room. Ashtrays were provided by the elevators, inviting smokers to light up. The music in the centre casino area was so loud it grated your nerves and we just wanted to get out of there. (Most of he go-go dancers looked bored stiff.) Slot machines in a back area made no noise at all so they didn't create any excitement. They were the stingiest slots anyway, so we soon went gambling elsewhere. We were given a coupon book with discounts for dining, etc. We went to Planet Dailies coffee shop and although the prices were on the high end thought the coupons would compensate the difference. Once we were seated we noticed food arriving in baskets as though it was a drive-in. No thanks! We left and didn't try any other P.H. restaurants. We found several in the mall that were more reasonably priced. There are plenty of hotel deals going on so we'd stay somewhere else if we return.Tips on Vegas - we happened to used Ritz shuttle service from the airport. This company didn't take credit cards though so be prepared to pay cash. We paid for a return trip and they were prompt at pick up time. We took the shuttle bus to the outlet mall in Primm using a 2-1 coupon found on the internet. We did find a few bargains. We bought day tickets for the monorail which cost $26 for 2 - NOT worthwhile in our opinion. You can only access a few stations and you still walk miles to get to anything. A bus pass is a far better option. We also dislked the fact smoking is permitted virtually everywhere in casinos. Vegas is behind the times as several countries have smoking bans in public places. They should at least have non-smoking areas in casinos.We haven't stayed in Vegas for years, and overall we found the 'new' Vegas to be expensive with it's designer/brand shops, celebrity chef restaurants and high priced shows. We missed the old Vegas with loose slots, inexpensive food and a fun atmosphere. There are still some bargains but you need to search and use coupons. The good news is we won't complain about the prices in London anymore!	
May 22 2009 	Cool hotel awesome beds!	My husband and I just returned from our first stay at the Planet Hollywood Hotel. We had a an awesome time and the hotel is beautiful. The staff was great at check in and they upgraded us to a strip view room for free. The room was large, and the bathroom was also spacious. The bed was the most comfortable bed we had ever slept on. Our room was quite. We never heard anything through the walls or doors.This hotel is right in the middle of the strip and close to everything. We would stay here again in a heart beat. Great price for a great room!	
May 22 2009 	Meant for 20 somethings	It is a very noisy hotel. Loud music, loud people and loud rooms! lol Yes we had a noisy room, 3541. You could hear people talking in the other room, and the water pipes were soooo noisy from the other room, it woke us early!! The rooms were very clean, although rather tired looking for being a newer hotel. The bed was OK, Ive slept on worse. The room had a very large flatscreen and there is a safe. If you are there for a party vacation, then its a place for you.	
May 21 2009 	Wonderful beds!!!!	Had a lovely time in this hotel. Very comfortable beds. Big rooms - we were in a &quot;Lost in Space&quot; themed room with props/posters from the movie. Would recommend this hotel to anyone - location is brilliant, staff were very friendly and helpful - we waited only 10 mins in the queue to get in and got a strip view. Pool area is not the best we have stayed in but still very good. Recommend it to anyone.	
May 20 2009 	Cool and hip hotel	Overall : not as breathtaking or over-the-top like the other hotels on the Strip, but very good value. Cool and hip.Nice casino.Clean rooms.Super comfy beds.Great location.We liked it!	
May 19 2009 	Decent hotel but clientel on the young and wild side	This hotel was fine for the price. We paid 100/night for a Fri/Sat stay throughI priceline. The line was long at check in, but went pretty fast. The hotel was pretty clean and bed was comfortable. The ambiance was fun in the casino and the location was great-right in the middle of things. The pool had a spring break vibe, which I did not enjoy, but if you like that scene then this is the place for you. I was awakend in the middle of the night by boisterous drunk people in the hallways, so bring earplugs. The buffet was pretty good.	
May 19 2009 	Prime Strip Location!	I went May 14 - 17 with my boyfriend and we had an awesome time! Planet Hollywood is a really funky place and the location on the Vegas Strip couldn't be better. We went through all of the hotels on the strip within the weekend and were never far from home whereever we went. Rooms: Really nice even though we didn't have a very good view. I didn't request a strip view or anything, and the only time we were in our room was to nap/sleep/get changed so I didn't really care. The bed was super comfortable, the bathroom was really quite huge (seperate shower, bath and the toilet had it's own door too). The lighting, as others have said, can be a bit dim. But during the day I found the daylight to be more than enough for anything we needed to do. There are 4 really bright lamps in the room too, and I don't think we ever had more than one on at a time when we were winding down for bed. Also I never heard a peep from the elevators or other rooms. I found it quite quiet, but I wasn't too close to the elevators so I can't speak for those rooms.Room Service: was good. Came back and everything was clean and we had stuff replenished (hand cream, towels, etc.). Pool: We only spent a bit of time at the pools because we were busy doing other things, but let me tell you it's like a giant pool party. Huge shallow pools (I guess they don't want the drunks drowning) and music bumpin' hot tunes. Lots of pool chairs around and lots of booze too. It's a very young scene I wouldn't recommend this hotel for people over 40 maybe... I felt bad for the 50+ people who were trying to relax poolside with a bunch of drunken crazy 20-somethings splashing around haha. Food: At the PH, we only ever ate at the Spice Buffet. It was very good but it's regular $30/person so use your $5 coupon to make it $25/person and it's a bit more reasonable (we're cheap so that was our fanciest meal haha). If you're looking for cheap breakfast I recommend La Cantina in the Miracle Mile Mall, it was really delicious. You don't always have to eat at buffets either, you will find fast food joints in some of the cheaper casinos (Subway, Burger King, Pizza &amp; Taco places etc. ). As others have said the ABC Store in the Miracle Mile Mall is a good place to get water. We bought a couple of two litre bottles for cheap so we always had water in the room. You can even refill your smaller bottles so you don't have to buy them when you're walking around.Cheap Drinks: If you're looking for drink bargains, go to your right when leaving the hotel. A ways down you'll find Bill's Gamblin' Hall where a dude outside sells $3 Coronas (you can bring them everywhere with you, in and out of every casino/bar) and Bill's has $1 Margaritas and cheap pitchers as well. Casino Royale and O'Sheas are other cool/cheap places to drink... they're more pub style and rugged but we fit in more at those types of places more than we would at any club. Cheap beer is all we're after. If you head the other way on the strip (South) you'll find a lot of mini marts and such. Pick up a six pack and drag it around with you and you'll never be beerless. It's a good alternative when you're not near a cheap bar. Transportation: I was going to look into buying us the $7 Deuce bus All Day passes for each day, however it turned out we didn't use it once. We walked everywhere... you will spend a LOT of time walking in Vegas. Bring comfy shoes. Comfort over style is key... or you'll be sorry. Failure to follow this rule will result in blisters, sore legs and a lot of whining and missed fun. Transportation to and from the airport we just got cabs. There was a lot line for cabs at the airport but it went incredibly fast... they have a whole system. Fare is about $13-$15 to PH. P.S. you will need the bus to travel to the downtown area if you're going... it's pretty far and supposedly not the nicest area. But in general, walking everywhere is fun and free!Stuff To Do: If you're there during the week, go see Big Elvis at Bill's Gamblin Hall from 3:00 - 7:15. He's got a great voice and it's free. Get there early to get a seat, he's very popular. The Lions at the MGM is pretty cool. I felt terrible for them at first (there are two usually at a time) but then we found out that there are a total of 38 and they will bring them in from a Lion sanctuary close by... so really one Lion probably goes once a month or so. And they seem to have fun... the trainers play with them and get really close... It makes me wonder if there's ever been any maulings haha. That'd be scary. We checked out the shark reef at Mandalay Bay which costs about $16/person. It's pretty cool, I'd say it's worth it. The Bellagio fountain shows are also pretty. General Tips: Like I said, wear comfy shoes or sandals that you will be able to walk in for a long time. You'll thank yourself for doing so. Also, the air is really dry in Vegas. I found with a lot of walking around outdoors my nasal passages, throat, eyes, hands... everything... got really dry. Problem solved by using hand cream, saline nasal spray, eye drops and drinking water. If you don't bring these things, hand lotion is in your room and eye drops and nasal spray can be picked up at Walgreens. It really helps soothe. All in all - Come here if you're in your 20's - 30's looking to have an awesome time. It's full of young people and although it's pretty fancy it's very casual. Stay here for the location and value alone! It's awesome!! Email me if you have any questions... I'll try and answer as best as I can.	
May 18 2009 	Robbed at Mandara Spa	I was staying at Planet Hollywood on business. Had a massage at the Mandara Spa. Left my clothes and wallet in the lockers provided. Afterwards I discovered that my cash had been stolen from my wallet in the locked locker. Had to be an inside job. The locker room attendant is the only person who could of possibly seen me put my code in the locker. Hotel Security was passively unresponsive. Spa manager was equally ineffective. Filed a report with Las Vegas PD. Still waiting to hear back from all of them. Do not use Mandara Spa unless you enjoy being robbed	
May 18 2009 	Mixed feelings	PH left us with some mixed feelings. On one side the two rooms in the Northern tower we stayed in were clean, but dated, dark (due to small window(s)) and the shower was not so good. On the other side, the service was really great and the stuff was really helpful. We’d say that the rooms are at the level of a 3-star hotel and the service is at the level of a 5-star one. The hotel offers a complementary valet parking.	
May 17 2009 	Poor Customer Service	I always stay here and never will again. We came back to our room at 6pm to find our safe wide open, the beds were stripped down to the mattress, dirty lines were all over the floor and clean ones on the chairs. At first glance we thought we had been robbed, we instantly called security who asked me if anything was missing from the safe, we said we didn't know if any money was gone as we hadn't counted it. Security came up at 6.30pm, we called housekeeping twice, they did not come up to make our beds, then security called them and at 7pm they came up to make the beds, they said they had left our room because there was bio on the bed, I'm not sure what they meant by that, but it was inexcusable. My Mother and I were made to feel stupid and like we were overreacting, we both made statements, we were unable to go to our show on our last night there as we were dealing with this problem. One security guard who was training was very good with us, he understood why we were furious. My Mum and I finally went out for dinner, Mum could barely eat as she was so upset, We went to see the Manager later to see if we would be compensated in anyway for the inconvenience and lack of respect, the Manager said he had already heard about the issue from his people, was not interested in our story and we would not be compensated in any way.I will never stay at this hotel again, since PH took over from Alladin, the customer service has sucked, when we arrived at 4pm to check-in, there was one staff member behind the desk, we waited in line for an hour. Crap place, very smoky, table dancers everywhere, gross.	
May 17 2009 	Great place for 20 somethings to have an unforgettable weekend!	So my friends and I (8 of us all together) decided to take a trip to Vegas from LA. It was gonna be our first road trip! I've been to vegas before, so I looked at different hotels. We got the BEST deal at PH! We ordered their KRAVE package off of their website! It included 2 Mandara Spa passes, 2 club Krave passes, and a 2 bed hotel room for only 126 bucks a night, so we got two rooms!We got to the hotel and there was free valet. It was a friday when we arrived, and there was a huge line for valet, but hey instructed us to just leave our car in the line and they would take care of it. Valet and self parking is free. awesome!The check in girl could not have been more nice! She gave us adjoining rooms and also offered a view of the bellagio hotel, but the rooms weren't adjoining so we opted out of the view rooms. We were also there to see Mel B in Peepshow, and she gave us some passes to save 20 bucks on VIP tickets to the show! Score!As it says in the other reviews the rooms are really cool! We got the Michelle Phiffer and Daryl Hannah rooms! Its fun to see catwoman in your bathroom! :) there were really nice flat screen TVs, a little sit down area, and also a desk. The bathrooms are really cool! A massive tub, a huge area to &quot;put our faces&quot; on, and tons of toiletries.We called them to bring up two refridgerators for our drinks and left the room. When we came back to our rooms they were already set up and plugged in. I love that!The hotel is right in the epicenter of EVERYTHING! Perfect location! Also it's attached to the Miracle Mile shops, so there are a ton of places to shop, and a lot of great restaurant and drink places right in your hotel!We used the club passes on saturday night, and with cover being $20 bucks a pop, we saved $80 bucks right there!We didn't really have time to use the spa passes, which are normally $20 each, too, but that's because we took a tour of it and it was kind of lame. The spa is semi-small, and the fitness center is relatively semi-small, too. We ended up going to the spa at Ceasars Palace, which is $45 bucks each but SOOO worth it, and using the PH spa passes just to spruce up during mid day and grab some fruit and drinks from the lounge.The pool was really great! It's a nice massive pool with a hot tub right next to it! Plenty of room to sun bathe, and not as crowded as the pools at caesars palace or rio, so it is really enjoyable!All in all it was a really great hotel that accommodated all of our needs! In the future I would just self park your car, as the wait for our car to be brought back to us was about 1/2 hour. The self parking spots are really not far away at all, and as everyone is able bodied in your group that's probably a better bet time wise. I don't think there was internet in the room, which kind of sucks, but whatever, who needs it when you're with your friends and in the center of the strip!	
May 15 2009 	Planet Hollywood Vegas...Smaller than others but chic and sexy!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Planet Hollywood Las Vegas from May 10-14 2009. The hotel first caught my attention in an episode of PRISON BREAK last season. This former restuarant (are there any still open?) has definitely revamped its look from their cheesy red and blue shooting star logo to a much modern purple &quot;ph&quot; . Check-in was quick and easy for us because we didn't arrive until almost 10pm. By the ways, if you decide to take the taxi from the airport-MAKE SURE TO TELL THE DRIVER NOT TO TAKE THE FREEWAY to the strip. It is a complete rip-off as the freeway route will cost you almost $30. As we learned later, the shuttles usually take Paradise Road, which I believe runs parallel to the strip. Anyhow, the downside of taking a shuttle when you arrive is that it may take you an hour to get to your hotel because of all the stops. So take your pick.The room: The hotel room itself was very clean and spacious. There was celebrity memorabilia in our room so I am guessing that all rooms have that as well. The sheets are soft and white. There is a large flatscreen TV in the room with high-def channels. This was good for the down times when we needed to recharge from all the heat and walking around. There was no mini-bar or fridge in our room (resort suite), but that was fine by us because we are &quot;thrift&quot; anyways. Before leaving, I read the reviews that mentioned consistently how the room tends to be on the dark side. My boyfriend noted this as well. although I thought the lighting was fine myself. I guess this depends on your preference. They did have a moth screen that filtered out more sunlight than a typical hotel room. This didn't bother us either since the view wasn't so hot anyhow. A nice surprise was that they supplied us with a brand new edition of OKAY! magazine in the room. There was no coffeemaker in our room, just a ice bucket with tongs and some glasses. I don't iron my cloths usually on vacation, but there is one in the room. The bathroom: Pretty spacious for two people as well. There is a large granite counter. The bathroom comes with a hairdryer, shampoo, massage soap (yes!) shower cap (yes!), conditioner, shower gel, and lotion and conditioner. The sizes were generous and the maids brought extra ones once we ran out. There was also 4 bottles of axe body spray samples that the boyfriend happily brought back with him. There is a stand up shower and a tub as well. I liked that there was bathmat so I could step out of the shower on to dry my feet instead of wasting a towel for this. My only complaint about this room was the amount of time it took for the shower to warm up. On average, it took at least 5-6 minutes in the morning. Once it warmed up, it never gets too hot either. Kind of a waste if you think about all the water wasted in warming up the shower, but wastefulness seems to be the running theme in Vegas in general anyhow. My boyfriend had to take a cold shower one night because I think they must have past their hot water quota for the day. Amenities-wise, we took advantage of the fitness room and the pool. Loved the pool!! It had a very hip vibe to it with club music playing and enough eye candy for some good people-watching. The fitness room was decent. There is tons of cardio and weight-lifting machines. There is complimentary water (via water dispenser) and fruit (apples and oranges). Be sure to take some of the fruit because they are a rip-off everywhere else. The downside? It is $25US/day! Be sure to use the 2 for 1 coupon that you get when you check-in. Check-out was easy. We took the express check-out via the television in the room. Since our plane didn't leave until 7pm that evening, the hotel had the service where we were able to store our luggage until we left for the airport. This was free (but we tipped the bellboy of course). One last thing, I would highly highly highly recommend the show &quot;Mesmerized&quot; with Marc Savage. Its a hypnosis show with audience members participating. We both found it to be very funny and entertaining since you can tell that it is not entirely scripted nor does it strive to be politically correct. GO SEE IT!!!! We also saw Tony N' Tina's Wedding. It was good also, but definitely not as good as Mesmerized. It is definitely more slapstick and the traditional in its comedy routine.	
May 13 2009 	GREAT POSITION- GREAT HOTEL	It all read up fine but we didn't know it! From reception to every aspect the staff were friendly and helpful. The room- great..bed like sleeping on a cloud, all very clean and pleasant to be in for 5days. The 25th floor view over Bellargio with the nightly watershow was magnificent. A big bonus definately the Mile of shops. and we found great eating spots (and some of the clothing shops had great deals) The biggest plus is Planet's position it is perfect!!! You can walk along the strip- catch a bus..all at your fingertips. We are going back again next year and will stay there for sure. Highly recommend.,	
May 13 2009	Best Place in the World!	Chose the hotel due to its location - being our 4th time in Vegas we knew being by Paris, Bellagio, Caesars and a slow stroll from NYNY and MGM was well appointed. I think we paid £50/$70 a night which was superb bearing in mind 18 months ago we'd paid £180/$240 a night for a fountatin view at Belagio (where we got married!/engaged at MGM approx 10 yrs ago - so from this you can tell this place means a lot to us!). The result being we got upgraded to a strip view room of the strip and most importantly of the Belagio fountains - which are simply amazing.Having done Bellagio and Wynn last time I didnt expect to be as blown away as we were! Seriously this place may not be 5* but its a 4*+++++ in my humble opinion. We stayed in T.I. for out final 3 nights which is also a 4* and if you are toying between these 2 hotels then trust us = its a no brainer - book Planet Hollywood right now! Room was very big, a lot of reviews mention rooms being dark and yes they are a bit but when we got back to the room we wanted to crash out so did we want a bright room? Erm no! So not a problem - unless obviously you want to spend hours in the room which we didnt! Room itself - gorgeous - our theme room was Bette Midler/Burt Reynolds film which was a shame but hey it was different - i cant say ive stayed in a room before where there was film memorabilia there! Room itself was fantastically well appointed as it was 1st room on 30th floor right by the lifts. We counted 30 steps from room to casino! Beat that! Think it was 3067? Stayed there sunday 3rd may for 6 nights. Bathroom huge with separare lockable toilet, walk in shower and separate bath tub. Also a huuuuge window ledge big enough to sit on and watch the bellagio founatins! Huge plasma - i guess 42 inch and one of the most comfortable beds we've ever stayed in. People spoke of thin walls but we didnt hear any neighbouring rooms during whole stay. Loved the restaurants in there = P F Chang - gorgeous - go 4 their lunch bowls for $8 each or Im sure an eve meal would be amazin too. Earl of sandwich do these ham / cheese / egg b/fast rolls for about $4 which are the perfect motivator to get out of bed for! Buffet is always voted best in vegas - gotta be honest here - the best is Wynn but its also more expensive. Planet Dailies blew us away food quality-wise as we were only using it to supplement the cost of seeing the Mel B/Kelly Monaco Peepshow (which i must add was excellent-VIP seats were perfect)- we had duck and a chicken pasta which were gorgeous. 1st night we ate in Yolos Mexican - food was incredible and the cocktails were world class - only slight criticism is that portions were smaller than we expected - to be fair though we expected that whole tex-mex thing but this place is actually at a higher standard than that so we agreed that was why they werent overdoing the portions. Casino very cool - maze-like and we were always lost but very cool.All in all Ive recommended this hotel to about 20 people already and we only got back today - in fact if any planet hollywood representative reading this fancies flying us back out there we'd be well up for it!! Missed Holly from Playboy Mansion and Ashanti who were by the pool when we went shopping at the Fashion Show Mall for the day and also missed Diddy filming outside the hotel on our last day so when heard we were gutted!! All in all - what a hotel - what a location! And when City Centre opens later this year the location is going to be EVEN better - can't wait to get back to Vegas and Plant Hollywood will be top of the list when we do!!	
May 13 2009 	Great Stay	We stayed at the Planet Hollywood for four nights. The Planet Hollywood is in a perfect location on the Vegas Strip. Our room was very large. The bathroom was huge. There was a large LCD TV in the room, two big windows, and the most comfortable beds. Everything was clean, well stocked and in good working order. The only issue we faced was with a toilette that got plugged, but they were to our room in 10 minutes to fix it.	
May 13 2009 	Perfect Room Friendly Casino	We got a great deal through Allegiance Air on this hotel - roundtrip airfare for two plus three nights in a Hollywood Hip room for $640 total. The rooms themselves are on the small side, but the bathroom are huge. The only other place where I've had a bathroom that large was at Caesars Palace in an upgraded Tower Room for at least twice the price. I realize PH dolled up their smaller rooms and called them &quot;Hollywood Hip&quot; to slap a premium price on them (the cheaper rooms are actually larger), but I don't spend much time in the room so I don't care. The casino's signage is lacking, but the friendly staff and dealers more than make up for it. Although I prefer other casinos' poker rooms, PH's is decent. The pools are clean and there were ample chairs even on Saturday morning. The $3 Bud Light Lime special at the pool was great. The restaurants in the Casino were all quality. Yolo's is the best for a moderately priced lunch or dinner. The Strip is a fantastic steakhouse with food comparable to The Prime's and less pretentious service - no view of the fountains though. The location of PH is great, central to all the major casinos. My only complaint is that they still charge $12.95/day for internet.	
May 12 2009 	Excellent location on The Strip	Overall this is a great hotel, especially when you compare it to others on the strip. The location is excellent, close to both the south and north ends. Stay away from the Spice Market Buffet -- gross!! Never again!! Planet Dailies was good food. The pool was alright, nothing exciting and it closed at 7pm (I thought this was way too early). I liked the atmosphere of this hotel. Lots to see and do. Watch out for the coupon books offering 2 for 1 drinks. One drink cost $9 (how is this a deal??). Would stay here again.	
May 11 2009 	Would definetley stay again	This was a great place and location also. The room was very nice. We were upgraded to a Resort room and it was a lot roomier and also had double sinks which was nice. Only thing I can say is that I kept hearing a very faint thud thud thud all day and night - I think it was from the elevator. But we werent right near it. We tried Planet Dailies, Yolos and also the spice market buffet during our stay and it was great food at all 3 places. We loved Yolos the most. We also used the pool and hot tub. They were both nice and they also had drink service at the pool only complaint was that it was slow...I think since only 1 gal was working the pool area it seemed and it was verrry hot! We really liked the location and it was nice to just roam the shops at Miracle Miles rather than go out in the heat during the day. Nice choice of shops too. We would surley stay at PH again if we're in Vegas.	
May 11 2009 	Just OK	With soooo many choices of hotels in Las Vegas you really have to have the pros/cons laid out before deciding...I did not do this. I just jumped in to a package deal that seemed affordable at the time.We had a late check-in. Around 10:30PM on Friday, 4 people working the desk. 25 min wait only 2 people ahead of us in line. Clerk was not helpful with the show tickets that were included with my package - we wanted to make sure that we would be able to get good seats for the show, but by the time we checked in the box office and concierge were both closed and there was &quot;nothing he could do&quot; - ok, fine. Got the high floor, fountain view room as requested, but was directly next to the elevator... ALWAYS SPECIFY NOT NEAR THE ELEVATORS.. I usually don't even bother requesting this because it has never happened to me before, but these elevators are LOUD- it literally shook the bathroom, like a mini-earthquake, every time it went by the floor. Only staying a few nights and didn't plan on sleeping very much so didn't bother changing rooms. Great view (of Bellagio fountains and Paris pool) decent size room, nice TV, large bathroom, large tub, separate shower overall decent room. Around 11 - ABC store in the mall was still open (Thank you tripadvisor forums) and we were able to stock up on water and snacks before the weekend. Did not have a Do Not Disturb sign in room, didn't think it was going to be a problem until 8 AM the knock on the door came - go figure- we were up, but not out the door 8 AM really???Next morning went down to concierge before breakfast, who was also unhelpful in getting us seats to the show - what exactly does the concierge do then??? Returned mid-afternoon to box office and was told that all seats in the section that I had reserved (and paid extra money for) were taken and that I had to sit further from the stage. I let it go taking the advice that the seats we were given were a better view anyways. So the &quot;Peepshow&quot; isn't worth anyone's time or money unless you are a teen boy looking for a cheap thrill or giggle. They closed the balcony completely for the 10:30 show and asked everyone (who paid 10-20 dollars less than I did) to move up and sit right behind me. Was not a happy camper after that. Sat through the whole show, but many did not make it through - a lot of couples left early. The singers in the show are actually very talented, but the story really didn't make much sense and I didn't even catch on to the nursery rhyme theme until 1/2 way through. Casino is young and hip...I actually really like the addition of dancers to the casino floor (the pleasure pit) adds a party-like atmosphere to the place, but many of the casinos have these now. Went to the Planet Dailies restaurant for late-night snacking and was practically empty - same diner food you would get anywhere else, so I was happy to get in and out pretty quick. Extra lounge is just an open area seating around a bar - nothing special. Also ate at Earl of Sandwich - near mall, decent fast-food spot. Overall not bad, but not great. When we were leaving a restaurant at the Bellagio we were told we could put it on our room tab if we were staying at any of the MGM properties...I think this is great, don't know how long they've been doing that, but it definately makes me want to stay at an MGM property next time. In summary, don't go to Planet Hollywood unless you have a great deal-otherwise there are so many other hotels in Vegas that offer more.	
May 11 2009 	Great location can't complain about anything	Stayed Apr 24-27 for friend's 40th B-day. Great location!! Didn't I already say that?! Right in the centre of the best parts of Vegas. Check in was a breeze (arrived Friday at 4pm) and was given an upgraded room with views of the strip and Bellagio Fountain just because we were being nice to the girl :) Room was standard but very clean and quiet (overlooked the pool but noise stopped at 6pm each night). Beds were very comfortable which is all you can ask for in Vegas, comfy beds and clean rooms. Spice Market Buffet was very good. We ended up eating there for dinner both Fri and Sat nights and for breakfast each morning (had $5 off coupons for all of us, so well worth it). The boys enjoyed the dancing girls in the casino at night. Very attractive and young crowds throughout. Mall attached to hotel was great (check out the jewellary at Ultra Diamonds - bought beautiful emeral necklace and got $100 off coupon in mall book!). Went to V-Ultimate Variety show - waste of money (was entertaining, but would rather have spent the cash at Peepshow or a Cirque show).Didn't get a chance to use the spa, but talked to a lady in the elevator that had just come from there and was in a very blissful state.Only gave value a 4 out of five because it can be a little more pricey that other hotels, but it's well worth it!	
