	Excellent value friendly staff great breakfast!	Stayed one night, visiting relatives. Great and stylish room. Good to know you can pay less, and still have a stylish/updated room to stay in. Stayed last year when the hotel just opened, was so impressed, stayed again this year. Great breakfast included!	
Nov 9 2009 	Highly Recommended	Stayed 10/24/09: The beds are a dream...the best of the 5 hotels of my trip out west. Overall a very clean and comfortable place with nice, up-to-date decor. When I had a little issue at the desk the manager came through with good customer service. The breakfast was very decent: cheese omelette (prepared in advance), bacon, hard cooked eggs, yogurt, muffins, juice, cereal, bagels, etc.Regarding location: I didn't mind being off the strip (about a 10-15 minute drive on city streets, straight up Rainbow Blvd, then turn right - depending where you want to be on the strip.).... in fact I preferred being away from the hustle bustle- though I'm not a big casino person. We flew into Vegas, rented a car &amp; came here from the airport for an overnight stay prior to departing for the national parks...we only visited the casinos briefly.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great overnighter	Not a huge amount of things to do in the way of amenities, but a perfect place to stay overnight on business. Great accessibility, close to some good restaurants and bars, but also far enough away to be quiet and peaceful. Book a room facing east and watch the sun rise across the mountain range!!	
Oct 7 2009 	Outstanding Help in Our Hour of Need	My wife and I were booked in for one night at the HI Express on the Beltway on arrival in Vegas. The flight was delayed by 6 hours and we finally arrived at 6.20am, just as the sun was coming up. The hotel was esy to find despite being sleep-deprived and the duty staff could not have been more helpful, giving us a late late checkout time of 3pm. Breakfast was fresh and served with a smile - just what we needed after 30 hours without much sleep. The room was really clean, quiet, large and well appointed, with a hyper comfortable bed. Those 5 hours were the best sleep we had in 2 weeks in the US. We cannot praise the hotel enought for all they did for us - if only they had been running the airline!	
Jul 21 2009 	Great Hotel Great Value!	I consider myself a very picky traveler when it comes to choosing hotel accomodations. I stayed at this location for New Years 2009 and it was clean and the staff was quite pleasant. The rooms were cleaned promptly and toiletries replaced as necessary. The free breakfast was a plus. Would most definitely stay again! Beats the Las Vegas strip prices tremendously!	
Jul 11 2009 	Comfortable Beds!	Holiday Inn Express always has comfortable beds everywhere I have stayed. The free breakfasts are always served with protein and not all just bread. But the comfort of the beds is the most important thing for me.	
Jun 10 2009 	Loved the Rooms Breakfast and Nice Service	One of the Best Hotels to Stay, Good Spacious Rooms, Newly built and Good View of the Strip from the Windows	
Oct 20 2008 	New Quiet Off the Strip by Nearby	This is a fairly new HIE located away from the Strip, but close enough to drive to the Strip easily. And the price isn't bad for Vegas.The room was pretty average --- clean, everything fine except lighting which was only Fair. Same with the bathroom --- all OK except for the Fair/dim lighting. Since the place was fairly new, it was neat and clean, and security was good. Reception staff was Very Good --- friendly and helpful.We did have three negatives about this hotel: the AC was noisy, the WiFi reception was poor, and the lobby coffee in the early morning was old and cold. We look for coffee available and maintained in the lobby 24/7, especially since we're usually up and about at 5 AM,. and most of the chain hotels are very good about this (we never use the in-room coffee pot because we once saw a maid at another hotel rinsing the coffee pot out using a used wash cloth and hand towel, and it occurred to us that this is probably standard practice...)Overall, using our own 1-5 rating scale, we give this hotel a 2.9 (Good/Average)	
Jul 25 2008 	Perfect in every way	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express July 4 &amp; 5 2008. It was wonderful. Upon arrival they gave us a box of chocolates as I am a Priority Club member. There was also always a bowl of fresh apples at the reception desk all the time. At night, they put out individually wrapped freshly baked cookies at the front desk. The room was immaculate; the hotel is quite new. The bed was extremely comfortable. They serve complimentary continental breakfast every morning in a beautiful dining area adjacent to the lobby. Breakfast includes some hot items like cheese omelets and French toast. There is a large Plasma TV in the breakfast room. There is a complimentary shuttle that will pick you up and take you back to the airport. The shuttle will also take you to the Strip and pick you up for free. We drove our car from Los Angeles, so we didn't use this service. The front desk staff couldn't have been more helpful and pleasant. There are two computers adjacent to the breakfast room with free internet access 24/7. If you have your own laptop -- I don't -- there is free interenet access in your room 24/7. We used Priority Club points, 15,000 per night -- to &quot;pay&quot; for the room. So for us all this was FREE.It is about a 6 min drive to the Strip from the hotel. While the Strip is noisy and crowded, the Holiday Inn Express is quiet, serene and relaxing. They also have a small no-frills outdoor pool and jacuzzi, and a small fitness room with a few state of the art machines.With the money we saved on the hotel and breakfast each morning, we got tickets to see Bette Midler at Ceasars. She was fantastic!! She got 2 standing ovations, had me laughing at her banter and crying when she sang her famous ballads, &quot;Wind Beneath My Wings,&quot; and &quot;The Rose.&quot;Also, there is a great Chinese restaurant called Grand China just up the road from the hotel. It is one of a chain in Vegas. The food is excellent and reasonably priced.. We paid about $17 for lunch for two.Also, because I am a Priority Club member, I called and asked for a complimentary upgrade. They upgraded us to an &quot;Executive Suite&quot; which had a separate sofa/seating area, a microwave and small fridge. Also had in-room coffe, which we didn't use because there was complimentary freshly brewed coffee available all day in the dining area.Loved this place. Highly recommended.	
Jun 15 2008 	Great Stay	I had read on tripadvisor that this was a good place to stay in Las Vegas, and I wasn't disappointed. My top priority is that the place I stay is clean, and my room was very clean. My room was large and spacious with a desk and desk chair in addition to the usual motel furniture. The entire motel was non-smoking which I really appreciated. I also chose this motel because I could park my own car (instead of valet parking), the refrigerator in the room, and free wireless Internet in my room. The price for the room was below what other places with such amenities would cost. The service from the front desk was excellent and there were no hidden fees. I just had to pay the agreed upon rate for the room and tax. I would certainly recommend this motel to others. (I should say that I am a Priority Club member.)	
Jun 2 2008 	Nice place. Recommended.	Very nice place to stay. Clean rooms, fairly new. We're picky and would definitely stay there again. Several restaurants within a block or two.	
Feb 7 2008 	Very Impressive!	We were pleasantly surprised at the upscale decore. The room was very nice, the bed comfortable. Even a rain showerhead! And just a skip from an exceptionally tasty restaurant with reasonable prices.(Blackjack Lodge)! We arrived totally exhausted from our long flight from Maui, so weren't interested in more than rest and relaxation, thus I can't comment on the convenience of the strip, but if you are looking for exceptional value, a friendly staff , and comfortable, attractive surroundings THIS IS THE PLACE!The internet worked well, the FREE breakfast although *slightly* limited, was very tasty, and appreciated the shuttle to the airport. They even gave us a 2 hour late check out with no extra charge when we requested it because of our flight times. I have been treated with less consideration by much more expensive establishments. Will I stay here again? Absolutely! Will I recommend it to other travelers passing through? A resounding YES! We were very happy with the service and accomodations provided here.	
Jan 14 2008 	Perfect for Business Meetings	We just used this hotel for one of our regional company meetings. The entire experience was wonderful; from the first phone call the check out, we loved it. We use Holiday Inn's across the country for these but this has been the best hands down. The staff went out of their way to help us. We had an account manager change in the middle of the process but the new rep contacted us immediately with all her contact info. When we went to view the meeting room the night before it was set up wrong but within 1 hour it was corrected with out complaint or having to hassle anyone. We were very pleased with this hotel and I would stay there for personal as well. The rooms were clean and comfortable. (I'm a germaphobe so for me to say that means A LOT!) I was entirely comfortable in this hotel. THANK YOU TO THE STAFF!!	
Jul 29 2007 	Clean New and Four Miles To Strip	Holiday Inn, Rainbow &amp; I-215, Las Vegas.Booked a two night stay in an Executive Room, and was very pleased. Hotel is only a few months &quot;new,&quot; and is positively spotless.Beautiful and dramatic design, colors, and textures abound- both in guest room and common areas. Room is somewhat similar in appearance to &quot;The Hotel,&quot; at Mandalay Bay, albeit on a lesser scale.Although hotel offers limited shuttle service- you would be well advised to book this room in tandem with a rental car.From McCarren Airport- take I-215 WEST to Rainbow Blvd. Hotel is just North of exit. While driving to the Strip, I found Russell Road- just 2 blocks north of hotel to be a quicker conduit. A 4 mile drive-door to door-brought me to Mandalay Bay, which is the Southern-most Casino on the Strip-proper.  I actually passed by the other Holiday inn Express-on Polaris Avenue , which appears to be appx. 3 blocks to Strip.This is a non-gaming hotel, but there is a small Restaurant /Bar with limited gaming just a few feet from the lobby entrance.Across the street is a sandwich shop, and a 24 hour convenience store. This is an area of new development- with only a handful of alternate dining options in the immediate vicinity of hotel. Computer kiosk off lobby- nice small pool and jacuzzi- suitable for a dip and not much more. Typical HI Express breakfast fare- muffins, cinnamon rolls, h/b eggs, yogurt, cereal, toast, fruit, etc.All in all- a very positive experience.	
May 23 2007 	Good option	I choose this hotel because the week i planned my vacations, there were some sort of convention and all the rooms in the strip were above $ 400.00 per room.The rooms at the HI express southbelt are clean and spaciosus. there are a shuttle betwen hotel and Mandalay Bay at 10.00 am, without return, so it`s necesary to rent a car. The duration of the trip betwen the hotel a to the bellagio took me 15 to 20 mins. in my rented car. There is a complementary breakfast with hardboiled eggs , yogourts, cinnamon rolls, etc. Just outside there is a good restaurant Black Jack, that opens 24 hrs. and serves breakfast, lunch and dinner (Good Option). Overall it was a good option due to the rates on the strip.	
Dec 7 2008 	Beste Wahl für ein Off-Strip-Hotel in Las Vegas		
