	Robbed	The place was horrible. Not only was service terrible when we first arrived but we were actually robbed in the middle of the night while we slept. We think someone from the staff did it as our door was locked. When we reported the incident the following morning, we were ignored by security and he actually told us to hope &quot;our money may be returned&quot;. That was all he could did. Never again will I stay here. With the money we lost. we could have stayed somewhere way better.	
	Reviews here are pretty much right on	The best reason to stay at the Imperial Palace is location - it is pretty much in the heart of the strip and the middle of everything. That and the price were my main reasons for staying. I would have preferred to stay somewhere nicer, but for the money, this hotel was a good deal. Not a whole lot to do - nightlife is pretty much non existent at the IP, but other hotels are close by so there is always something to do. Rooms were decent - nothing spectacular by any means, but the shower was hot and the water pressure was really good. Noise level was okay unless someone was being loud in the hallway (it's Vegas so that's going to happen). Our room was by the pop machine and I did get a little perturbed at someone filling it at 7 am! The saying - &quot;you get what you paid for&quot; and that's what you'll get at IP.	
	loved the place.. for the money it's great	right in the middle of all the BIG casino's.. it's worth it! Been in different kinds of rooms everytime we go.. i can't decide which one i like the best! there's one w/ a huge tub.. this year we stayed at one w/ a &quot;living room&quot; (couch and tv) bedroom didnt' have a door tho. so can't have guests . lol	
	Good value at the heart of the strip	I had read mixed reviews and even was advised by a friend not to stay at the Imperial Palace, however I got a great flight/hotel deal so I thought I would give it a go. We arrived on a Thursday, checked in took about 5 minutes, the walk to our room was about the same. On inspection of the room, I even checked for bed bugs, the only thing that was lacking was there was little bits of hairs on the bathroom floor. The next day the cleaning lady did clean the bathroom. The hotel is outdated, the restaurants are not worth eating at as you are minutes from much better restaurants such as Margaritaville, etc. The pool is decent but gets packed as it is small. When the weekend hit, the hotel was full and elevator lines did get alittle long, never longer than a 5-10min wait and if you knew your way around the hotel you could find an alternate route to your room but it was tricky, we finally mastered a shortcut on day 3. The location is ideal, there is also a bus stop right outside the hotel. If you are not planning on spending in the hotel and instead outside enjoying the strip then this hotel will suit your needs. If you are looking for a hotel that you want to stay and play without having to leave, then upgrade to a different hotel!	
	Bed Bugs At Imperial Las Vegas Beware	I stayed for 6 nights, the second night I was itching and about the third or fourth day I showed the cleaning lady and was told lady that I must have developed allergies as I showed her my back and legs. I was in agony for the week and asked for new sheets, blanket, bedspread, each day would ask for something new. Her and I looked for some sign and saw nothing. I came home saw my MD the very next day and he said it was bed bug bites. I called the hotel and they are looking into it. I wanted them to stop renting the room out and refund money. They have not responded as yet. They were shocked I did not let a manager know at the hotel!!! How many people are sabby to bed bugs and the cleaning lady said no, it is allergies that I must have just developed them. Besides I did not want any man to see me, I was so embarrased that I even complained to the cleaning lady and showed her all my bites and clawing I did to my self to try to get relief. Not to shy to post them as to help someone else. How do you tell your friends OH I GOT BED BUGS.	
	Cheap rate good location nothing more.	Booked IP for a quick one-night stay at a very low rate. Wasn't expecting much, but still disappointed. Probably the most uncomfortable bed I've every experienced. The room, hallways, and casino were worn and dirty. Front desk staff and casino personnel all seemed fairly competent. But I would've been miserable here for an extended stay. Tip: If you stay here, request a room far away from the Rockhouse Bar, otherwise you'll be hearing thumping bass until early morning.	
	Hey it's Vegas..............gotta love it!	Hey we just got back from Vegas and had a wonderful time. Six of us went and stayed at the Imperial Palace. 4 of us had a regular room but friends who are repete customers had a comped penthouse! The staff are great, rooms are comfy and clean and they restaurants were good. You can't beat the location and the price. We were in town Sunday when the CFL was playing the West &amp; East finals for Grey Cup. GO RIDERS! The Wynn said they would play the game for us in the sports bar.......NOT.......The Mandalay Bay had a conference of 2000 Canadians staying there and would not play the game either. We asked the RockHouse at the IP and they said you bet. They had 4 tvs going, 2 for 1 drinks specials for us and treated us like royalty!Thry are aslso going to play the Grey Cup this Sunday for anyone donwn there. Go see them they are a great bunch! Annie was out waitress and she even wore a Rider Jersey!Go see Terry Fador at the Mirage, he is a great showman and lots of fun!I would go back to the IP, I liked the sixe of the place, we are treated well and enjoyed being right in the middle of everything!	
Nov 25 2009 	Imperial Palace - ho hum	Room was decent, low cost, but noisy because of outdoor bar next door till 1 am. Requested a king got 2 doubles. Casino had a lot of smoking, cheesey lip sinkers. Central location.	
Nov 24 2009 	Nothing fancy but good price and location	Clean, but very average rooms. Good water pressure in the shower. Best of all, it's very cheap, and is right in the middle of the Strip, near the Flamingo and across from Caesar's Palace. A good place to stay if you just want somewhere to sleep. There's also a Monorail stop.One word of caution: get a room away from the Strip side of the building. There's live music outside until the wee hours, and it's as though the band is right there with you in the room. We checked in at 2am, covered our ears, and immediately went back to the front desk. It was no problem getting a new room.	
Nov 22 2009	Worked out great!	We were at the IP as part of a group and had 139 room nights. So we got a picture of the good, bad and evil of the IP. First you have to remember that everything in Vegas is priced upon LOCATION. Being at the center of the strip cost more than being well off strip. The buffet at the IP is $25 for the whole day, but yet go 5 miles to a Boulder Highway Casino and eat all day for less than 10 bucks. And neither are any more than some red meat and a lot of chicken products with a salad. So when it comes to food, get out and explore to find bargains and variety. This is an OLD hotel. Period. You can feed an old dog steak and it is still an old dog. Rooms will have the smells of the last 40 yrs. Carpets will be worn. Water flow will be strange. Elevators will stop working. These are just facts, so except them because of the location and price. I am sure some people were happier than others. But the only whine I heard from our group about the rooms was rough toilet paper. (Duh, bring your own to ANY hotel) And bird poop on the balcony. Yes bird pop outside, what a surprise! I was impressed to even have a balcony for each room. I was not impressed by the size of the rooms, as I was at Harrah’s or even Bally’s. Tuscany wins that battle hands down on room size, but again location and cost are a factor. I twice called security about elevators being out of service and one was fixed quickly, one never did work in my 10 day visit. But I did locate all the hidden elevators and never had much of a wait. There will be noise inside and outside the hotel. This is Vegas, a town that never sleeps and gives away free drinks. Just deal with it as a fact. The desk clerks did a fine job as well as the group room sales office, Robert Coppola. You can always expect a few bumps when you deal with so many rooms and so many people. The maid service was great and responded quickly when asked for extra services. All the employees where nice and made us feel that our business was welcomed. Shaun Tracy the Midwest Regional Sales Manager for Las Vegas Meetings by Harrah’s exceeded his duties and went beyond the call of duty to see that we had a great time and all at a decent price.  Over all with price and location our group will be back soon!	
Nov 21 2009 	you get what you pay for	clearly, Las Vegas epitomizes &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;. You pay a little for a cheap room, you get a cheap room. No bargains found in this town during our stay !Having said that, we wanted a decent room on the strip so we could walk around, day or night. After reading reviews of other hotel rooms in the $30 range, I have to say that the Imperial Palace wasn't too bad. Although the wallpaper was peeling and the furniture obviously had not been wiped down for years, it wasn't too filthy. The room was large enough for the two of us. The bed was a bit saggy but not uncomfortably so.I think the property is a bit rundown - some of the elevators weren't working and it surprised me that we had to call the maintenance staff because they were unaware of the problem ! You always get the impression that someone is watching all of the casino operations 2/7, but this didn't seem to be true !The best part of our stay was the 2-for-1 coupon to Matsuri for hotel guests. It was a good show for $30 .... then, on our way out, we found another coupon in the vegas to go book, so I guess it wasn't an exclusive saving ! if you can get a room here for under $50, I think I would have to recommend it. Circus Circus is a bit far away ....... so the location of the Imperial Palace is what recommends it the most. If you pay more than that for a dumpy room, I'd have to say you got ripped off.	
Nov 20 2009 	HATED IT... DIDNT EVEN STAY THE SECOND NIGHT	me and my boyfriend stayed at the imperial palace and it was like staying in the ghetto of AC. We opened the window and we were staring at a brick wall. The room smelled like cigarettes, and wasn't even attached to the lobby we had to haul all of our to the back o the hotel out into a dark alley and up 5 flights of stair into a motel in the back parking lot. NO RESTAURANT WORTH EATING AT, NO DANCE CLUBS, HORRRRRIBLE IMPERSONATOR PERFORMANCES, AND HIDDEN FEE'S WHEN YOU CHECK OUT.THE SECOND NIGHT WE CHECKED OUT AND STAYED AT THE MONTE CARLO WHICH WAS ONLY 3% MORE A NIGHT-TOTALLY WORK THE EXTRA 20 BUCKS however Imperial Palace didn't even refund my money for the nights we canceled. RIP OFFFFF.	
Nov 20 2009	Very tired Hotel	I stayed at this hotel as part of a tour of the West Coast area USA. The exterior of the hotel is very off putting and quite seedy, having a large disco/bar in front of the hotel. The rooms are very tired and although they were clean, the whole experience of staying there was not pleasant. The noise outside could be heard in a lot of the rooms allocated to our group. I did not eat in the hotel but used tthe buffet in the Caesars Palace Hotel which is across the road and, although not the cheapest, is very good . The only redeeming feature for this hotel is its location, which is right in the centre of the Las Vegas Strip.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great value	This was my second stay at the IP. If you're a person who needs frills in a hotel, this isn't the place for you. If you want a good basic room in a great location, then this is an excellent choice. You can't beat the price for a location like that.The room was clean and comfortable. The shower was slow to drain but so's my one at home so that didn't bother me. I didn't have that problem during my previous stay so it might just be that particular room.The main minus are the legendarily slow elevators. They're as bad as you may have heard. Otherwise, I really enjoyed my stay. The staff are friendly, The room was clean. Plenty of towels and good hot water. The bed was comfortable. The TV is the old bulky style but it worked well and has a pretty good selection of channels.There's a good variety of slot machines and the dealertainers are fun to watch. The internet connection was great, cheaper than at the other hotel I stayed at and much more reliable. Another plus is that the IP is very generous with comps and rate reductions even for those of us who are low rollers. This is not a fancy hotel. If you want frills and such, this is not the hotel for you. If, on the other hand, you just want a basic room with friendly staff and clean, comfortable accomodations, then consider staying at the IP. It has a great location in easy walking distance of several other casinos and attractions and the bus line.	
Nov 19 2009 	THIS PLACE IS GREAT!!! DONT WORRY!!!	What Can I say but wow!!! I just got back from las vegas I have stayed at many places there. I found a great deal for this hotel. This hotel is Great!!! my room was very clean!! Staff was great!! Really dont worry about bad reviews these people are nutz!!! Check in was fast!! We ate in the buffet it was 25.00 and you can eat all day go back and forth as much as you want all day!!! Food and service was great!!! At night had great seafood etc. the prime rib was great!!!! You really cant beat this deal!! Oh ya one vip thing to remember when you check in dont get a room by the night club the clerk at front desk told us that part of hotel was very loud. They gave us a pool view room on the 15th floorgreat view!! And do not get the capri rooms they are in very back of hotel those are the dumpy ones!!! Anyway I had a great stay I will be back I already booked for feb. 2010!!!!	
Nov 18 2009 	5th time there	but probably the last. Everything was the same there but maybe I am getting older and ready to pay more for a nicer place. I had a friend stay at the Mirage for not much more and that hotel is so much nicer and almost as good location. so after staying there 5 times over the last 5 years here are the negatives and positives.negatives-Pool- not really a Vegas pool more like an Apartment complex poolThe great value of the hotel brings rif raf that stays there- so much less eye candy than other hotels- but still great people watching- don't get me wrong still a safe placeElevators are minimal/small and way too slowBuffett is awfulShows are awfulCasino is small, ceilings are low and its way too smokyTables are old and dirty and the other games are datedBurger palace and the pizza place are horriblePositives-Service has always been goodValue is greatLocation cannot be beat you can get to a lot of hotels in 5 minutes - where if you stayed at the Wynn you could only get to their parking garage in 5 minutesDealertainers are funny and entertaining-- i still miss Louis Armstrong-- he was greatBetties little snack shack looks old but good little bagel and pastriesClose to Harrah's so you can steal their free WIFI so I think this is a pretty good desciption of the place that is fai. Like I said I came back 5 times-- I stayed at the Excalibur once but preferred the location of the IP. I wouldn't object to going back based on the value but I just think I am ready to pay a little more for a little nicer place- I would like to enjoy my next hotel a little more than just a place to sleep so I can get up and go to another property. The IP will always be a part of me though	
Nov 18 2009 	DON'T BE MISSLEAD	i have read all the bad reviews about the I P and the last time i was here (3yrs ago2 SEE THE CARS ) i would have agreed BUT THEY GAVE A GR8 DEAL so i went w/ low expectations but they have done a gr8 job making this place over the room was nice the staff was nice &amp; helpful a little construction here &amp; there but that says 2 me we are trying to give this old girl a makeover and i think they are doing a GR8 JOB no this is not the Paris OR CEASARS but a good value!!! the only complaint was the buffet was bad(25$all day eats) one of the worst i've had they served the lunch menu along w/ breakfast (7am)that does not give much confidence about lunch we 8 lunch but that was all we could take we skipped dinner (lucy the server was fast&amp;very good at her job)lucy was the best part of the buffet too bad she didn't cook !!! in closing the i.p is a nice value hotel casino w/ a very bad buffet stay here but eat another buffet	
Nov 18 2009 	not the best place on the strip but great location and good value for money	Hi EveryoneI was dreading staying in this hotel after reading everyones review but this was third time in Vegas so I wasn't really bothered where I stayed after all its just a bed and roof over my head is all I was after!!Im glad I stayed their!!! Its perfect location and CHEAP!!! Don't let others opinion worry you. Its not the best place but my room (and 3 other rooms where my friends was staying) were all clean and spacious, no roaches as others states! but for the price i paid 3 days for $89 dollars what do you expect ??? Venetian!!!!!!!! You get what you pay for!!! Lift was slow but it never bothered me I never waited longer than 5 mins the only thing I would have like and this is personal choice is having a safe in the room!!!Honestly, Its not that bad and for what you pay its perfect!!!! ITS CLEAN!!! Its like paying for easyjet flight and expecting BA service get real!!!!!!!!!Buffet was ok but Embers restaurant was fantastic!!! 3 course meal for $29 dollars.Hope this helps	
Nov 18 2009 	vegas baby	we had an awsome time at the imperial palace, there was a dealer ther card dealer that is that never forgot a name and he aslo was from north dakota made our trip great	
Nov 17 2009 	good location but getting a bit run down	This is the second time we have stayed in this hotel it is clean ,and is in very good location in the centre of the strip. It is also a stop for the monorail which is handy . The hotel itself although clean is getting run down bathrooms could do with upgrading The whole place could do with a coat of paint. I also felt the buffet didn't have such a wide choice this year. There aren't enough lifts to cope at peak times, you can wait up to 10/15 mins sometimes. As my has walking difficulties we were forced to wait rather than use stairs . They are also now charging to use gym 10 dollars for 30 mins which is a rip off .They have outside cocktail bar which my wife and i were refused access as we didn't have id consdering i am fifty and paying guest i find that situation terrible so for these rasons i will not be back	
Nov 17 2009 	Good location	Basically as you all know you get what you pay for.The Imperial palace is cheap and cheerful but its location is amazing as it is central on the strip. This was my first trip to Vegas and although a bit unsure at first quickly got into the spirit of the place.You are here to drink, gamble and enjoy yourself. The Rock Bar just at the front of the Imperial palace always has a great has a great atmosphere and is a bit more laid back than some of the other bigger clubs.The best bit about this hotel is that you are not too far away from anything. The price is worth the location but if you are looking for something bang up to date you may want to try out some of the slightly more expensive hotels like TI or the Mirage.	
Nov 16 2009 	Wedding From Hell	We don't even know where to begin,,,I guess in Sep, when the IP ruined our engagement,,,found feces and puke throughout bathroom, and holes in the sheets big enough to drive a truck thru,,,when we complained to the front desk,,,the moved us at 1030 at night,,,we don't get an I'm sorry,,,just the website address,,,all they did was promise not to do it again (seeing the chapel already had our money, which of course was no refundable),,,don't get us started on the run down, shotty appearance of the chapel, which they dropped our unity candle, that we had to find out by our parents telling us about,,,,Now for the hotel stay,,,,,The start,,,being locked out of our hotel room, for most of the day, making us miss the final Tux fitting and cake decorator meeting,,,having thier so called securty treating us like criminals, to cover thier maids going into our hotel room, when the Do Not Disturb Sign was hung,,,,this happen to several of our guest, money taken from one guest, FILTHY ROOMS,,,,,To Not Being Able to brush your teeth without the water clogging up, and don't even think about taking a shower, without the drain overflowing,,,,THIS WAS IN THE PENTHOUSE!!!!!! When we arranged with the bellmen concerning our wedding cake, Valet forced the car to be moved, before bellman arrived, causing Cake to be damaged by other guest,,,,,,never got 1 I'm Sorry, in fact, after we made our incident report in the security office, was told to vacate the premises, we got to the penthouse, and found our stuff was being loaded onto the cart, and as we came into the room, found the bellman had dropped our wedding gifts, and was standing and kicking them out of his way, and he continued to pack our luggage,,,not even to bother to pick up the gifts,,,,,,when Hotel Manager finally arrives, after 15 minutes with security in tow,,,,never an apology, when my bride said she just wanted to leave this mad house, with tears running down her face, on her hands an knees picking up the broken wedding gifts, the manager has the balls to say, he also wants us off the property as quickly as possible,,,,I can certainly see why, with the guest gathering in the hallway, then we were escorted from the penthouse, down the elevators, thru the crowed hoted casino lobby, like criminals, for all to see,,,,shame on you, shame on you,,,,and the worst part, WE PAID FOR THIS KIND OF TREATMENT, In What Universe is this JUST? This does not include the horror stories from our guests,,,,EXPECT A VISIT FROM OUR LAWYER! You deserve it!!!! Gave you every oppurtunity to make this right,,,,,,SHAME ON YOU!!!!	
Nov 16 2009 	Well at least we saved money	I have been a member of Harrah's Gold Rewards for over 20 years, and I have to say that I have NEVER had a stay as bad as this one in any of the Harrah’s hotel/casinos. The room was okay, clean, and they gave me the extra coffee that I requested. The Décor was straight out of the 80's – mirror on the ceiling and everything.Negative #1 -We went to find something to eat - granted it was 11pm, but this is Vegas and we are at a casino - but finding food was a joke. The hotel's after hour’s food choices are the Burger Palace or Ginseng 3. Bad choices since we can't eat burgers and don't like Korean, Japanese &amp; Chinese foods. So we were forced to go out on the strip to find something to eat.Negative #2 - The coffees we ordered from the Cocktail Waitress were watery and almost cold. We don't drink and only order water and/or coffee (and yes, we do tip the Cocktail Waitress).Negative #3 - Hard to find &quot;Non-Smoking&quot; sectionNegative #4 - The next morning we went to take our showers and were surprised to find that there are no hand holds to assist in getting in or out of the large Roman Luv Tub, especially since you had to climb into it to shower.Negative #5 - The next afternoon after we returned to our room for a rest, we found that although the bed was made, the rest of the room wasn't clean. The garbage wasn't emptied, the coffee pot was not cleaned &amp; emptied, no fresh coffee, dirty counters, etc. We called down and talked to housekeeping about the problem, and they seemed to have an attitude that I was bothering them with a trivial matter. When we returned later that evening, we found that they emptied the coffee pot, wiped the bathroom counter and that was it. Garbage was still in the trash cans, paper bits were still on the carpet (i.e. not vacuumed), etc.I could go on, but suffix to say that I am writing to Harrah’s about this experience.	
Nov 16 2009 	Good Location and very reasonable	We stayed at the IP from Nov 7th thru the 14th. The hotel is nothing fancy, but for the location and cheap price, it cant be beat. If you are like us and just want a clean place to sleep, then the IP is for you. If you want more of a upscale hotel, then I would look else where.	
Nov 15 2009 	Poor very noyse expensive.	They put us in a room without soundproof, we couldn't sleep at the first night, then we asked to change. They tell us is a 4 star hotel but for me, was a 2 star one.	
Nov 14 2009 	We will stay there again	We booked a deluxe room under a special mid-week promotional rate (three nights -- $89!). Our room (#1330) was clean, comfortable, quiet, short walk to elevators, not luxe by any means, but met every requirement for moderate-cost accommodations and had lots of big plush towels! Fantastic fantastic location on the Strip. We had some facilities issues (slow draining toilet and shower) but called the desk and an engineer showed up within 15 minutes with his rolling toolkit to solve the problems. We needed wi-fi which is available for an extra $10/day -- it performed flawlessly. Hotel staff was helpful not intrusive. Elevators were a little slow at times. We did not eat in any of the hotel restaurants -- but used the coupon book we were given on check-in to dine at the Flamingo, Paris, and Harrah's -- all right up the street. The Imperial Palace is an east walk, as well, to Bellagio, Caesars Palace, Venetian, Ballys and Mirage.	
Nov 14 2009 	wedding nightmare in vegas	I searched online for the perfect wedding chapel inside a hotel because i was told you have a better experience if they are connected to a casino hotel. I am familiar with Harrahs and believed them to be top notch with their properties and treatment of guests.The wedding planner was very nice and helpful the entire time while making arrangements and planning the wedding so I felt confident my first and only wedding would be wonderful, we booked our rooms at the IP along with the maid of honor, best man, and grooms parents, and sister and brother in law...when we arrived my wedding dreams began to fall apart...we had been told we could choose the background for the chapel that was not true, we did not receive the runner or flower petals down the aisle, we were told they had a selection of music to choose from for our first dance, they didnt have it available for us so we gave them 2 song choices and asked to be called if they didnt have them, the day of my wedding i asked which song we were going to have, never got an answer and it ended up being a song I had never heard, and the minister anounced it as our last dance. the way everything reads I believed the toast was included as part of ceremony and would be on dvd, it isnt they had our sparking cider and broken glasses in a bag for us to take like party favors. the wedding planner was aware that my parents are deceased, and reminded when we arrived because they asked about them and I broke down in tears...it was very hard to get married w/out my my and dad...the day of my wedding the photorapher kept asking where my mom was for pics in the brides room...then even when i said my parents weren't coming they were dead he proceeded to have the grooms mom stand up saying he thought she was my mom. the wedding planner wouldnt let the best man and maid of honor sign the certificate because it had to be ledgible. She then proceeded to put the grooms name in the witness spot so our certificate is full of white out.the minister was cracking jokes, it didnt seem appropriate as we had not even met him before the ceremony...I found out his name by reading our marriage lisence.We were mislead by the wedding planner on how many picture we were atually getting in our package and afterwards found out why no one was allowed to take any pics in the chapel...the photograher's packages were expensive.the wedding planner set up appointments for myself and my maid of honor at the salon located inside IP for hair updo and makeup before the wedding $250.00 for that seemed high but hey it was my weding day and we should be pampered right...well they ended up charging us an extra $112.00 saying we didnt get basic updo...by the way my maid of honor had to redo both our hair because I didnt even get off the elevator and my tiarra fell out and curls were gone, hers were falling too...The Princess wedding chapel did nothing to compensate us for our disaterous wedding.Our room at the IP was a deluxe so we actualy got a one cup coffee maker, but only enough coffee for one cup, we are 2 adults who drink coffee, the maid did find us a little more one day but told us they were out so we had to go buy coffee and rig a filter in order to have coffee...we were lucky because the regular rooms do not even get a coffeemaker so our family had to either come to our room in the morning or set off to find and buy coffee.the faucet in our luv tub didnt work properly couldnt get hot water to come out so had to haul water from the shower in the bathroom to fill it and then the faucet wouldnt turn off so we had a trickle going, the doors on the closet were off the track my husband had to keep fixing then everytime we needed to get into it, the sliding glass door was hard to open and kept going off track too	
Nov 14 2009 	a bit disappointed	Was there for a week and upon returning i found that my digital camera was missing. I left it in my room and never used it . Reported it missing but seemed like a waste of time since they didnt seem too interested. Older rooms but centrally located to the strip, just cant trust leaving anything in your room.	
Nov 13 2009 	my daughter;s wedding	the place is a joke they trea ted my daughter and her new husband with the most disrepect. From a maid going into their room when a do not enter sign is on the door. topeople going in and breaking their belongs. And being escorted out like criminal. Don'tget me started on some one stealing money from one of guest, valet leaving the door toanother guest car ajar running down the battery and then threaitng them with having their car towed to bath tubs broke and other guest putting do not enter and staff going in any way if they can't read english send them back across the border.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great Place	I dont know what people want for the price.I stayed here for 10 days and It is only a place to sleep when your in Vegas My husband and I were treated very good and for the price you cant go wrong especially the location. The food was good for the cost and Our room was clean	
Nov 12 2009	not everybody is disappointed with this hotel	I read review about this hotel after it had been booked.Most people werent happy.I can honestly say ot her than a twenty minute wait to check in I would reccomend this hotel.Its not expensive but hotel staff very helpful,our room was clean and tidy.Under bed could do with a clean though!We did have the buffet which got slated in reviews.It was value for money after all what do people want for $14.A good location,some people we met where not happy with there room,they were moved to a different one.I would stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 12 2009	What a dump - should be demolished	Stayed 3 nights. NEVER AGAINCons...-Open the door to the room and bad smell eminates. -Room old and tired. -Carpet badly stained.-No fridge, no coffee making facilities.-Pull back the covers and sheets have holes in them, happened again on third night.-Took a shower and bath filled with water, plumbing blocked.-Can't have window open as bus bay below window and constant beeping of reversing vehicles.-Don't sleep well because of screeching of service lift nearby that needs servicing going up and down all night.-Late catching coach because cannot get a lift at two seperate banks of lifts as all full and no room eventually gave up and walked down the stairs-Coach tour departs 45 minutes late because luggage late - lifts broken down (again).-Disgruntled patrons everywhere.-Cigarette smoke permeates the building even on &quot;no smoking&quot; floors.Pros...-Cheap-Location in centre of strip	
Nov 11 2009 	Great choce  but you kind of got to know how to work it>>>>	This was our 22nd Las Vegas trip and our 5th stay at the IP. We have stayed at many hotels there, and we keep coming back here. The location cannot be topped. head out the front door , and you are within walking distance to most of the great things this city offers.We were comped a king suite , but we have stayed in a deluxe room, and they are ok as well. My recommendation is that you can pay for a king suite for about the same price as a standard room at Mirage, or TI , and have a much larger room with more amenities. Our room had a sitting room, king bed. oversized tub, wet bar with a refrigerator, and yes.....a coffee maker. The biggest gripe you will read about staying there is that the IP is the home of the planets slowest elevators. This honor is well earned, but the knowlegable guest learns that there is a second bank of lifts around the back and to the loft of the main bank. Few people seem to know about these , and the wait is not as bad. Also the front elevators seem to not have as much traffic and you can walk back to your foom on you home floor after using them. This is particularly handy if you are toting luggage.The restaurants there are not the best in town, The Embers steakhouse is ok, and the coffee shop is good for a breakfast, or a light lunch. Room service is great for breakfast. ( used it every day) although a little slow. The Burger Palace and the buffet are to be avoided at all costs. The staff there is great, and the casino hosts are among the best in the business. The front desk and the valet staff are friendly and helpful. I would not recommend this hotel for the first time Las Vegas visitor, but for the guest who knows his way around, it has got to be the best value on the strip.	
Nov 11 2009 	Like sleeping in a parking garage	Recently stayed from October 26-30th There are two very different sides to this hotel, the main part of the building which must be relatively ok and rooms in a separate building (The Capri Building) about a 20 minute walk away through the carpark which are like sleeping in the carpark. We heard televisions through the walls, EVERYBODY'S conversations as though walls didn't exist, fights in the car park, car alarms here and there and twice had people trying to get into our room in the 3:30-5:00am Had to call security twice to break up an argument of drunk college guys outside our room at 4:30 in the morning (they never turned up) Housekeeping also 'forgot our room' twice in four days and no, the 'do not disturb' wasn't on the door.As regular business traveller I have stayed at literally thousands of hotels at all levels of luxury to economy. I understand people don't go to Vegas to sleep but we stayed for 4 days and reasonable expected to sleep at some stage.We turned on the heater (during a particular cold front that came through) to have the whole room fill with an electric fire and burnt dust smell.It's centrally located and they have celebraity look-a-likes dealing cards. That's the best I've got.	
Nov 10 2009 	This place is a DUMP	We thought we had a great deal - airfare &amp; 4 nights hotel for $325. Unfortunately, you get what you pay for. This place is an absolute DUMP. We had paid for 4 nights and left after 2. The only thing missing was cockroaches. Water backed up in the sink &amp; tub, hairdryer didn't work (nice to find out when you're standing there with a dripping head of hair), grimy room decor straight out of the 80's, beds HARD AS ROCK, towels as soft as a wire loofah, air conditioning sounded like a 747 landing..... and on and on and on. And the FOOD in the restaurants! Overpriced and disgusting. Yup, this place is a DUMP. We moved after 2 nights to the Tuscany Suites &amp; Casino about a half mile off the strip - FABULOUS! A suite that was 4 times the size of the dump at the Imperial Palace, brand new, beautiful, quiet grounds and staff that just could not do enough for us. Saturday night cost us $79 and Sunday night cost us $35!!!!	
Nov 10 2009 	Another Perfect Vacation With Imperial Palace	This is our 4th stay at imperial palace with the value and customer service on all of our visits it won't be the last. We arrived early as always they got us right into a room 4 hrs early, i asked for a room with a view. Our room was right over the pool great view but a little loud for us. I went to the front desk to see if we could switch rooms 5 minutes later and no trouble at all we were in a new room. My wife takes mecidation that needs to be kept cold so they comp. us a fridge in our room for the entire 6 night stay. The maid service was impeccable everything was spotless and plenty of towels. (don't forget to leave a few dollars for the maid it will be well appreciated) Room service took literally 10 minutes and was HOT and FRESH. And best of all we checked out on our tv and didn't pay any attention to the price a few days later reviewing my visa statement we realized they charged us $100 less than our reservation price, when i inquired why i was told they automatically change your reservation to the lower price. Well appreciated surprise. just to let you know what a great deal this was i payed $202 for a 6 night stay (including saturday) and room service once. Excellent visit we visit every 4 months as its such a great value we can strech our vacation budget alot further. A++++++++++++++++++++	
Nov 9 2009 	People are hard to please	Just returned from a 6 night stay, our first time at this hotel and too be honest I cannot see what all the fuss is about.I did not have any blood on the walls or vomit on the carpet, no probs with the plumbing although it did take awhile for the water to drain after a shower but other than that it was fine.Staff were friendly and helpful, room was always cleaned when we returned, never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for the lift ( or as our Americans cousins refer to them &quot;elevators&quot;) which usually had chatty and friendly Americans in them.We tried the emporers buffet and to be honest quite enjoyed it, one of the few places in Vegas that offered value in my opinion.In all honesty for the price you pay I think it is a great hotel and despite the fact that our last trip to Vegas was to a 5 star hotel I would certainly stay at the Imperial again.Vegas on the other hand I have a lot of complaints about and will not be returning to, I dont feel that this is the place to talk about it but I felt strongly enough to email the Mayor and was flabbergasted when I got a reply, which was very polite but none the less, unless things change dramatically in that town I will not get the opportunity to stay at the Imperial again.	
Nov 8 2009	GREAT Location and GREAT HOTEL	We stayed at Imperial Palace from October 31, 2009-November 4, 2009. This was our first trip to Las Vegas and we couldn't have asked for a better location on the strip. It was close to everything! Turn right out of hotel and walk to the Venetian, Wynn, and Encore. Turn left and go to Flamingo, Planet Hollywood, and MGM Grand. Caesar's Palace is directly across the street and Bellagio is diagnal. The hotel staff was very friendly and always helpful. Yes the rooms are outdated, but who goes to Las Vegas to stay in their hotel room??!! I requested a room in the back of the hotel away from the strip so it would be quiet for bedtime and I asked for a balcony when we checked in. We were on the 11th floor facing the Flamingo and it was great. You could get $5 pitchers of beer from the casino bar and the Dealertainers were OK. We didn't gamble very much at Imperial because we were always walking around the other hotels so we could see them. Bill's is next door with cheap food and drinks, as well as Casino Royale. Bill's has a discount ticket center which is where we bought tickets to Love by Cirque du Soleil (we paid $80 each for the tickets and had 4th row, normal price I think is $125 each) so if you are looking to see a show definitely stop by there. We ate at Margaritaville which is super close to Imperial, but I wouldn't recommend it. The food is overpriced and wasn't that great. We had lunch at Noodles in the Bellagio (awesome) and dinner one night at BLT Burger in The Mirage (the best burger I have EVER had). The monorail stops at Imperial/Harrah's so that was convenient for getting around. We NEVER had a problem with the elevators. Most of the time we walked right up to it, hit up or down, and it opened right up. Seriously, this is a great hotel for the price and in a fabulous location. When we do go back to Vegas, we'll be staying here again definitely. Hope you have a wonderful trip!	
Nov 5 2009 	Basic room but a good bargain	Was able to book a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room in the tower on a non-smoking floor. Room is decorated like a 1990's motel, and is rather dark as the only window is a single sliding door to a little balcony. The elevators have stained carpeting and are a little jerky, and the hallways look anything but upscale. But you can't beat the price. My room was clean and quiet. Was quieter than MGM. Slept well, although the mattress was not terribly comfortable. Nice iron &amp; clean ironing board. My only complaint is there was no safe in the room.	
Nov 5 2009 	Cheap hotel; cheap clientele. Don't expect much.	We stayed at the IP Oct 30 - Nov 2nd, 2009. Now I read the reviews and kind of knew what to expect. I was expecting a crappy Motel 6 and that is more or less what we got. At least the room was more or less clean. We arrived at 4 am so I just checked the bed for clean sheets and bedbugs and crashed. (There were no bugs by the way.) In the morning I saw some of the issues with the room. The patio door was very hard to open and close. Stained curtains. Tiny tube TV. No safe. The bathroom was worn and pretty clean though the wallpaper was coming off and there was mold on the top edge of the tub and shower surround. Who knew mold could grow there?? There was no lid on the toilet seat either. odd. The room is quite small and the bathroom is also very small. Everything about this place is cheap though. Even the ice buckets are not regular ice buckets, but a cheap plastic bucket printed with the logo. There is not even a pen in the room, you get a tiny golf pencil to write with. Even the toilet paper is the absolute cheapest stuff available. The Bellagio and every other hotel had better TP in their public restrooms. So if you want a cheap place in a good location mid-strip the IP is going to be fine for you. I would not stay here again unless I absolutely had to. We had some noise issues with our neighbors on Fri and Sat nights. I was expecting it though when on Fri and Sat I saw lots of college students and 20 somethings checking in. Their main luggage seemed to consist of cases of beer and beer bongs. So I knew we'd better stay up late cause it would be loud. And it was. We did not eat at the IP at all and I don't think any of the places are good. You can find better food at other nearby casinos that is better and similarly priced. I'm not sure when this place will be torn down or remodeled but it won't be soon enough. Even the Flamingo next door is a lot nicer for only a few bucks more per night.	
Nov 4 2009 	Worst hotel on the strip	Do not stay here - this place is flithy and even after changing rooms 3 times - ended up sleeping in my clothes. They wouldn't even do a refund for the cancellations on the rest of our reservations.	
Nov 3 2009 	First time and last at The IP	The parking lot is kind of a pain to find. When we went they were having an AARP convention so there was no non-smoking rooms left all thowe i requested one They upgraded me to a mini suit witch was nice. Some one on are floor ordered food to there room after eating it they wheeled the table out in to the hall were it was for the whole trip some one on the last day took the table and put the food plates on the floor next to the door. The smoke smell in the game room was bad. It is in a great location but after walking the whole strip from end to end there are a lot of better hotels for the same or even less money. The pool seams like a nomal back yard pool, nothing like the other hotels. For the first time ever going to vegas it was an okay hotel we were not in it very much. If you go to embers the fine dining place there two people can split a meal very easy. And if you are young like we are expect to be the youngest people there.	
Nov 3 2009	Very Loud	The rooms are very ok at best. You can hear everyone walking in the hallway at all hours of the day and night, and you would think there are no walls in your room as loud as the music sounded.	
Nov 3 2009 	A Good trip with a Reasonable and Good Hotel	My husband and I, and his brother and sister-in-law drove down to Vegas at the end of September for a 5 day getaway. It was her first trip to Vegas, his second and our 15th. We hadn't stayed at the Imperial for close to 20 years and were concerned after reading some of the reviews. But I couldn't pass up a $29 a night deluxe room in the middle of the strip. And I am glad I didn't. Great location, excellent service (a drippy faucet fixed after just a quick mention to housekeeping) and a clean, large room at a wonderful price. Sure the Imperial doesn't have the grandeur of some of the other hotels, but we weren't looking for a place where we were afraid to leave a fingerprint. We wanted a good pool, a central location, clean rooms and a decent price. We'll be back!	
Nov 2 2009 	Don't Pass this one by	Have been and stayed in Las Vegas for the past 13 years. Needless to say that my husband and I have frequented several hotels. We have stayed in 5 Star down to 3 Star and along with us have seen them either age and pass on or age and be maintained. I don't care what you have read or heard but anyone who tells you not to stay at the Imperial Palace really needs to reevaluate their thinking. Their check in service was fast. The room (a simple deluxe) was both larger and cleaner than some of those that we have stayed in at higher priced hotels. We saw two of the best shows on the strip right in the convenience of the hotel itself and were given discount coupons for the both of them when we arrived. Even the show tickets had several perforated coupons attached to them that we used to receive even further discounts in the hotel restaurants which were not bad at all. The location cannot be beat. Every age group was represented and everyone - guests, hotel workers, etc. - were absolutely friendly. My husband and I were shocked at what we had been missing. It all boils down to attitude. If you go to any hotel with a negative outlook before you get there, then by all means you will have a terrible time. But if you go with a flexable one, then Aha! You will have the great time that we had. By the way - the elevators were A-1, fast or even faster than any other hotel we were in. And it is apparent to us that the Imperial is undergoing some cosmetic changes in that everything was clean and shining. The crowd was hopping and we had a blast. Thank you Imperial. We will return.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good hotel - great location.	I was pleasntly surprised by the hotel. The location was perfect, there was free parking, the rooms were huge, clean and well equipped and we had a great stay.The casino was buzzing - and the hotel was a great place to explore Nevada &amp; Arizona.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great location mid-strip serviceable nothing outstanding at all	Stayed here twice and its worked both times b/c of the cheapness and location on the strip. Absolutely no-frills room in the &quot;Capri&quot; area of the hotel, a bit longer of a walk to the strip, but perfect for most vegas trips, because who wants to hang out in the hotel room in vegas? Casino in this hotel is not great...cheap hold em tourneys daily, mostly crowded gaming floor, cheesy dealertainers, food is very average, not that I was expecting much, between harrah's and flamingo, I may not know what I'm missing b/c Ive been to vegas twice and only stayed here, it seems to be one of the main hotels for the cheap airline ticket/hotel package deal. Will prob stay somewhere else next time just to change it up, but have no reason to avoid this hotel either. Very ordinary but not terrible.	
Oct 30 2009 	This is a great hotel for the value and location.	We stayed for 3 nights, Oct. 16, 17, and 18. Staff was very friendly at check-in and the wait in line was not bad for a Friday night. Our room was very comfortable, everything was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the air conditioner worked great. The cleaning staff was very friendly and would always smile and talk to us in the halls. The casino was nice and it was an easy walk to other casinos on the strip - Location was perfect. When we plan our next trip we will definately consider staying at the Imperial Palace.	
Oct 29 2009 	Best Value In Vegas	I stayed for 1 week in Oct 09 and would definitely choose to stay there again on a budget trip. I picked the hotel because I needed to do this particular trip on a tight budget but still be mid strip - and it did the job perfectly. Of course the hotel doesn't compare to those that you would be paying 3 or 4 times the price for (which seems to be the main problem for a lot of travellers!), however my own experience was that we got checked in really quickly and got a great room overlooking the pool (I already knew not to go for the strip view rooms if I wanted to sleep). We had a small bank of elevators near our room that we only had a wait for on our checkout morning (and even then only a couple of minutes). Our room (deluxe) was of good size, the bed was comfortable, the shower was great &amp; housekeeping did a great job - the room was always spotless upon our return. In short, this is the best value on the strip if you want to save more money for the many pleasures of Vegas!	
Oct 29 2009 	Think twice	I would like to start off with the positives!The staff was great. Dear lord, the buffet was fabulous. I would have to say that having 8 plates of crab legs alone suggests how much I enjoyed the buffet ($18.99 is the correct price and not $16.99 as displayed all throughout the hotel). Being located in the strip was definitely a perk. We were only steps away from the club scene that way the walk back wasn't so bad!!!Yikes and now for the bad and the ugly...Immediately after arriving in a room it only took a few minutes to notice the bites on my feet and legs. Both my friend and I sat on the bed and felt a sudden rush if itching. We went into the light and saw tons of bug bites!!! We asked to have our sheets changed which they immediately were only to have the same thing happen with the new sheets. Ridiculous I tell you! Six torturous days until our return home. Whatever it was that was biting us came home with us! After further investigation our home has now been dianosed with a bed bug infestation! Look it up! They are blood feeding bugs that are easily harbored by clothes, suitcases, etc! I can only speculate where the infestation came from.... I wouldn't suggest staying at this hotel. Definitely a place to eat at!!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Luv Tub Nightmare! Horrible Hotel... Ick	I purchased a room for some friends of mine who were driving a long way to meet us in Vegas. Originally we planned to split the costs, and they didn't want an expensive room. My husband and I were staying at the Mirage, but it was booked full. So we thought, this was close - and I figured if I upgraded their room, it might be nicer that the standard rooms (which don't have a great reputation). I was WRONG. Upgrading was a mistake. Their room was actually in the basement, and was filthy. They didn't even bother to empty the ashtray. It smelled like mold and was comparable to a bad &quot;by the hour&quot; motel room. We are not picky people, but my friend ended up asking them to DOWNGRADE her just to get out of that room. Her standard room was 10x better - but still pretty gross. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anybody (except maybe a $5 hooker) :) Honestly... keep looking.	
Oct 29 2009 	Best place in Vegas to stay bar none!!!!	I cannot believe some people's reviews of my favourite hotel/casino in Vegas. OK the place is only a 3 star but it's a GREAT 3 star!! The atmosphere in this casino is THEE best of ANY casino in Vegas. I have taken numerous friends to this place and they all love it. The Dealertainers, the poker room, the buffet, the music they play all the time, the bars, the cocktails - this place is absolutely brilliant. I will be there again in 4 weeks time for my 6th visit in 5 years. I cannot recommend this place highly enough if you want to have a good time and not complain about the &quot;chipped paintwork in your room&quot;!! Jeez -how long do you spend in your room? 5 minutes unless your some decrepit old fud. This place is THEE best casino in Vegas for havin' the crack!! (That's fun to you yanks).	
Oct 28 2009 	Great price great location better hotels out there	Was my 1st time in Vegas so I knew I wanted a central location, that was key. And price was very important to, since I was travelling alone, I had no one to split the cost with. When I got there, check in took a while but when I finally did get up to the counter, the staff was polite and friendly. I was told the only rooms I requested (1 queen/king) were facing the Carnival Court (a very LOUD outdoor bar that has bands and a DJ until about 3am). My other option was a smoking room. Thankful that he advised me of the possible noise instead of my being surprised, I took the smoking room. I realize I'm in Vegas, but after being out shopping all day and partying all night, I want a quiet room to come back to and get some shut eye. So, off to my smoking room I went.Luckily, I was on the 2nd floor so no elevator needed. Try to get a room as low to ground as you can as the elevators take absolutely FOREVER. I was content with my 2nd floor smoking room every time I walked by the elevators watching people standing there impatiently for easily 15 minutes (I know because when I checked in, I took the elevator, I couldn't get my luggage up the stairs on my own). View from my room - the cement wall of the hotels parking garage. Whatever, that didn't phase me at all. The room was quiet other than the occasional honk from a car in the garage, and that's all that mattered to me. The showers were good, water pressure good, lots of hot water and plenty of fresh linens. The beds were comfy, no complaints. When I did come home though, I had to wash everything in my suitcase because it smelled of smoke. Not a strong smell, but I'm not a smoker, so I noticed it.The buffet restaurant in the hotel - garbage. The breakfast was really bad, the lunch bad but not as bad as breakfast. I ate breakfast at Denny's down the street every morning. Coffee's good, egg's are hot, and it's cheap to, and everyone knows Denny's, so you know what you are getting.The pool is nothing special, but it is there if you want. I spent a couple hours one day lounging by the pool. They had a DJ playing some good music, which I like, and girls walking around taking drink orders.Overall, I'd stay here again, but only if rooms at Harrah's weren't available or were outrageously priced. I'm in Vegas to be out and about, not to hang out in my hotel room, so I'm not one to stay at the more expensive places, these 2 suit me just fine.	
Oct 28 2009 	Perfect for the price.	If you are looking for somewhere that is cheap, not too basic but not shabby, this is the place. Rooms were fairly large, the only downside is the lifts take forever, but there are lifts at the back of the hotel that nobody uses if you dont mind a little walk. but for value for money, its probably the best place to stay. maybe not ideal for familys or couples, but for a group of lads out to have a good time and save money on sleeping, this is the place to go.	
Oct 28 2009 	Nice Stay	Just recently stayed at Imperial Palace it was clean and not a bad hotel.	
Oct 28 2009 	Showing its age	A great location on the &quot;Strip&quot;. Facility is aging but adequate and reasonably priced. Like all of Vegas, however, food prices are getting higher with poor service and miserable gaming odds. The cafe serves a great pastery-the &quot;Bearclaw&quot;. Don't miss it.Seems like Vegas has become too big and too crowded with very little value for your money. Where is the next &quot;Old Vegas&quot;?	
Oct 27 2009 	Cheap but Decent	The Imperial Palace is definitely no place to write home about, but the rooms are incredibly inexpensive and you cannot beat the location. The staff was friendly and honest. We wouldn't recommend the buffet, however. If you're a 'no frills' type and like to save some dough, this place is for you.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great location and price but a little rundown	Stayed here because the price was fantastic! Bed was very comfortable and clean, but the toilet was a little rundown and there were dubious stains in the bathtub. No problems with the lift, but yes, like the other reviewers we got lost looking for our room for the first 2 days. We got a room facing the pool, so no problems with noise from The Strip.Location is absolutely fantastic, various types of food outlets, shopping and even a car rental stall all within 15-20mins of walking. Monorail station right at the backdoor too! There was NO in room safe, so we had to lug our laptop with us to the Grand Canyon. Front Desk staff were all very helpful.	
Oct 27 2009 	Jewel in the rough!	True the rooms aren't that big but it has heart and soul. Had a wonderful time. Will be returning in Dec 2009. Great rates, great location, no problems. Most people when they come to Vegas, really, honestly, just how much time do you spend in your room? I have stayed at other casinos with higher star ratings and had worse rooms for more money.	
Oct 26 2009	Close to casinos	The room they gave me at first was only partly cleaned. The bed was made, but there was trash still in the bins and used towels on the bathroom floor. Reception was very helpful and gave me a different room without troubles, and this time it was clean. The Imperial is close to the rest of the casinos on the strip, however, in a large place like this one has to expect to do some walking to get to places. Would have had to pay for using internet in the room, which I didn't.	
Oct 24 2009 	Dirt cheap great location if you just want a comfortable place to sleep!	Right on the strip across from Caesar's. We paid $20/night for a Mon-Thur stay. The room was clean but not fancy by any means, reminds me of a Comfort Inn or similar. Our floor was quiet (when we were there). Bed was surprisingly comfortable, even better than a Marriott we stayed at in Flagstaff. If you want luxury, go someplace else. If you want a cheap place to crash, right in the middle of the strip, check the IP.	
Oct 22 2009 	Not for me	Yep, it is everything that as been said on this site. My fourth time to Vegas (stopped in mgm signature last year), this time went with mate, who unfortunately was on a very tight budget. For me, coming back each night to this place,became more depressing each visit. We found staff to be pleasant, &amp; our deluxe(refurb'd) bedroom to be acceptable........ BUT the rest of the place ?????. Listen, if you dont mind classless/tastless/darkness! &amp; can put up with all i have mentioned, then go for it. Showed my mate Gold Coast Hotel (cheaper/just off strip) he now wishes we had stopped there &amp; got the free shuttle bus daily. People who say the dealertainers are good......... must have been seeing different to what we saw, but ey, each to there own, personally i have never seen worse. Have now finished with Vegas, but it is a place i nothing but fond memories about,(except one place) &amp; believe everybody should visit here at least once in there lifetime	
Oct 22 2009 	Read for a true review - Stay away	A request for a room close to the elevators for a handicapped guest who has difficulty walking leads to a room assignment of the LAST room at the end of the hallway- the furthest away from the bank of elevators. Wallpaper peeling off the wall Dirty carpets Worn furniture and bedding A bathroom sink so worn the enamel is almost none existent A bathroom tub that takes almost an hour to drain after a shower A bathroom tub that drains to well from the floor above into a guest room across the hallway at 4:30 A.M. - check your records on 10/13 - creating a disturbance to all guest as shop vacs and workers endeavored to clean up the mess ! The later explanation given by one of your supervisors (according to his name tag) was that the “Oriental” people use the bathtubs to do laundry and that they left the water running. Hence the name Imperial Palace I guess !Noise...Noise...Noise...Noise….Only 4 elevators that run about as fast as dirt - leading to guests waiting 25 to 30 abreast and 10 to 12 deep and pushing and shoving when a car finally arrives at the casino level. People wedging open fire doors to stairways with room towels rather than waiting for these elevatorsA blinking message light on the phone in the room leads to a message stating that there are no messages in your “Meridian” voicemail . There were however 18 long stem roses for an 80th birthday celebration that were never delivered-that this message was supposed to refer to. Only when the sender called and asked about his gift, were we made aware that your staff had tossed a package clearly marked FTD live flowers into the “back room” and they would send someone to look for it.A parking garage that requires a GPS system to reach...up...down… elevators and escalators and a 5 minute hike...ridiculous !Being propositioned by hookers in your shopping areaWatching your security guards escort one of these “ladies” off the premises as another one -tossed out not 15 minutes before walks right past them and back into the hotel !!! Check your security log at 6 A.M on 10/15	
Oct 22 2009 	If you need cheap it's a good clean one.	older style hotel, clean rooms and casino is alright. nightlife is limited and it a little ways off the stip so you need to do some walking to get to anywhere good. you get what you pay for and at least this one is clean.	
Oct 20 2009 	Horrible!!!! Disgusting!!!	Our room was not clean at all. The bathroom looked like it hadn't been cleaned in weeks. The sink had tooth paste in it as well as the cap to a needle from the people before us. The toilet had crusty stuff all over the seat and the tank. VERY GROSS!!! The bathtub hadn't been cleaned either. We didn't even have a shower curtain, it was a bed sheet with holes cut in it. This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I will NEVER step foot in the Imperial Palace again.	
Oct 20 2009 	affordable	The hotel is not really easy to access on the strip. You can see it from the strip but the entrance is quite hard to find. Room service was a bit slow but it was during spring break week. Room was roomy. Overall I would stay there again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great stay for the $$$	The hotel was very nice, taking the cost into consideration. We were looking for a nice, clean place to rest at night. We got that and much more. The room, while small, served our needs very nicely. We heard no noise from the strip or the casino below and the A/C functioned just fine. RE: Hotel/Casino Staff- My wife dropped a small coin purse of some sentimental value with her TR card and a small amount of cash in it in the casino. While we had pretty much written off the hope of finding it again, especially w/ $$ in it, we were about to head out to the shuttle pick-up area when we heard a page for my wife to return to the security booth. A staff member had located the purse and turned it in to security. Still had the card and the cash in it!!! A perfect end to a fantastic trip!!!	
Oct 20 2009 	Rooms that are an incredible value that are located at the center of the Strip!	My husband and I stayed at the Imperial Palace (IP) October 6 - 11. It was our second stay at the IP within 6 months and we are very pleased with it and will certainly stay there again. Our room this time had been remodeled and was always very clean with a comfortable bed. The IP is located in the center of the strip which is close to the Venetian, Mirage, Caesars, the Flamingo, Harrahs, etc. The food choices at the IP are not great but just go out the door and you are just steps away from many wonderful restaurants and great shopping. We use the money that we save by staying at the IP to see the shows and eat at the better restaurants in Vegas. This is Vegas - - we are always out on the town and are only in our hotel room to sleep. Believe me, it is an incredible value!	
Oct 19 2009 	Underated Harrahs property	Good central location to stay while you are in Vegas. The rooms are not that big but they were upkept quite well. I would stay here again if anything for the nice location near Caesars and the Mirage.	
Oct 19 2009 	Needs to be updated!	Imperial Palace is in a great location, but the rooms are totally out dated, the pool is nice too, but in October the sun dont shine on the pool for very long. I dont think I would stay there again!	
Oct 19 2009 	NEVER again!!	First of all this &quot;Palace&quot; is NOT a Palace. My now husband and I booked our trip almost 7 months in advance. When we arrived at this dump they had our reservations all wrong and we ended up in a room that we didn't book. Our room over-looked a beautiful parking garage! When we got to our room the rugs were filthy - the bathroom was absolutely disgusting!! We went to Vegas just to get married and have the Vegas wedding we always wanted - but this hotel almost ruined our trip! We had family travel with us as well for the wedding and their room had the pipes literally fall apart and spew black crud all over their bathroom which happened the day of our wedding and caused us to be late meeting our limo and late getting to our chapel! When you walked out the doors of the casino it constantly smelled like sewage! The rest of the hotel was dark and dingy and you had to wait FOREVER to get an elevator and when an elevator would finally show up it was usually jam packed and you had to wait for another and another. We would take the steps down to the casino floor but you could not take the steps back up to your room because the doors were locked! A friend ordered us room service for our wedding and we only received half of the order and our friends needed to be reimbursed! We ate at the 24 hr burger joint which was very filthy and my husband and I both got extremely ill immediately after. It was a horrible experience and I would never stay there again nor would I recommend this place to my worst enemy!	
Oct 18 2009 	Fantastic!!! Don't let other reviews sway you.	Booked this trip, trying to save a little money and still be in the middle of things on the strip. This hotel is quite a jewel!!!!! excellant location, great price, and very clean!!! Our room was on the 18th floor of the tower and it was just perfect. We never had a problem with the tub backing up, or the toilet not working as stated in some of the other reviews!!The staff was very helpful and friendly I would definitely stay here again. Check in was also easy no lines at all. So dont let the bad reviews keep you away it is a good clean place to stay without spending a fortune!!!	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Place	Had read reviews and were not sure about staying at the IP. We loved the place. Its located in the middle of the strip and close to everything. Will stay again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great value on the strip	The hotel is conveniently on the center of Las Vegas strip with monorail service and a shuttle bus service from the airport for only $6-6.50. This is a great hotel if you are on a budget with clean rooms and prompt service. I stayed on the 17th floor (17106) with double queen size beds. There was no view from this side, just to let you know. The non smoking room was great. They also have smoking rooms.There is also a pool and jacuzzi open 9am-5pm and the jacuzzi i think is 24 hours. but the pool area is open for sun bathing all day. The weather there was an average of 30 degrees celsius. You go through the casino lobby to get through to your room. it's always smoky and loud. I checked out the show, Cirque du Soleil, La Reve at Wynn Hotel. Third row seat for $80. Great show, not to be missed. Check out the Caesar's Palace Hotel mall right across Imperial Palace. You must go through different hotels, even just to check it out. You can use the monorail to take you around quickly and it costs $14 for the whole day. The Grand Canyon is worth the trip to Vegas alone. Although, I went to a much smaller version of that in Red Rock. I think it's about $5 to get in. Really great if you have kids because the hike is not strenuous. I stayed at the hotel with my bro, and my cousin. We're in our mid 20's. Las Vegas is great with the right people to go with, of course. But there's something in it for everyone alike. Have fun.	
Oct 13 2009 	Better then we expected	After reading other reviews we were a little uneasy about our decision to stay here, but for the price we decided to stay with it and we are so glad that we did. When we arrived and checked in we were offered an upgrade to a suite with a huge tub! We took it and could not have been happier. The staff was helpful and friendly. I have seen many complaints about the elevator but we had no trouble at all during our stay. The rooms were a little outdated however they were clean and the bed was comfortable. We were on the side of the building so the music from the stage was not a problem at all. The location is perfect and with the monorail station in the hotel you can get almost anywhere on the strip fast. The shopping in the hotel is some what limited but there are so many choices nearby. The casino was smaller and much less intimidating then some of the others we visited. We did visit the buffet once and were not very impressed but again with so many other choices it was not a huge drawback. We will be staying at the Imperial Palace the next time that we visit and we can't wait. We also had friends join us who were able to book a room at the last second and were also extremely pleased. If you are looking for a great deal and a very decent place to stay this is a good bet, if you are looking for one of the big resorts keep looking and be willing to pay for it.	
Oct 13 2009 	Not the classiest of hotels but very central and great entertainment	Stayed 29th Sept to 6th oct.Although this is not the classiest of hotels in vegas, it is right in the middle of the strip so less walking for you to do dependent which side of the strip you want to go.And the hotel does have a nice atmosphere with its Dealertainers - ie the croupiers will get up and sing - some mime (badly) but others are really quite good. Can be a bit loud at times especially in the morning when wake up after a few drinks.Have to say the rooms although basic were kept very clean and no matter what time of day I left my room when I cam back it would have been cleaned and new towels etc been replaced. Try not to get a room outside the car park though as every now and again the car alarms would go off (not sure why that may be??)Drinks in this hotel also seem to be a lot cheaper. For example 2 Vodka and Tonics would cost you $11 in the Imperial Palace but other hotels in excess of $20.Overall a good trip. If you want to go to Vegas on a budget then this is the place for you, but if you like a bit more of the creature comforts in life then perhaps try Ceasers palace of Mandalay Bay The Hotel - very very nice :-))Croupiers are very friendly and you can have a laugh and a joke with them while you	
Oct 12 2009 	OK for the price and location	The Imperial is centrally located in the middle of the strip's action.The price is reasonable.It is dated and a little &quot;frumpy and frayed&quot;.Definitely has a &quot;funk&quot; factor.The layout is very confusing -you can't get there from here -and the staff doesn't really help .It seems that the staffers always leave out one crucial piece of information that just leads to more confusion. My room was a &quot;deluxe &quot; that supposedly had a king bed ,balcony and a hot tub.The king was more like a queen ,the balcony was a &quot;juliet&quot; -you could stand ,but no room for a chair,and the hot tub was simply a big tub w/ no jets.The room was clean,quiet, roomy,lots of towels ,and everything worked.The pool was nice ,but they blared music at top volume all the time.If you can work out a good -price deal at one of the nicer hotels on the strip ,than do so ,but if you can't ,the Imperial is a reasonably priced alternative.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good for the money	Outstanding Location - centrally located. If you're looking to do Vegas on the cheap, then this is a great spot. If you want the glitz and and outstanding service of some nicer hotels then don't come here. Great Value, the rooms are nothing special, the elevators aren't great, it's not very big, but the price is right. The rooms probably haven't updated in a long, long time. If room looks are important to you don't come here. We had a wall heater/AC. If you're just dropping off your bags and you're gone then why not.	
Oct 11 2009 	Poor check-in service	The hotel was a decent price and a good location. But by making reservations you have to wait until after the official 4 PM check-in. People who didn't have reservations were able to check-in and get hotel keys right away. we had 4 rooms and only 1 available by 4 PM. Then one room wasn't even cleaned after we got the keys to check-in. Then we couldn't even get a discount. The noise was also annoying. And the pool closes way to early. We have stayed at the Circus Circus before and had better service and rooms. I would not stay at the Imperial Again.	
Oct 11 2009 	GOOD VALUE..... NO FRILLS	Stayed in room 1735...a mountain view between two wings of hotel. It is also near but not too near the slow lifts which many people complain about. Moved to this room after first being allocated a room almost overlooking Harrahs very loud outdoor music venue....no problem being moved.We have stayed at The Imperial several times over the last sixteen years and it hasn't changed that much, no better, no worse. It is a good value, ideally located hotel, in need of some updating but clean with comfortable beds in good sized rooms with a generous bathroom.The Emperors buffet we feel had deteriorated by last year but happy to say this year was much improved, though avoid sitting near the beverage station as it can get very noisy when servers are clearing the tables and stacking their carts, we had to move.The covenience store in the hotel is very expensive, much better to walk to Walgreens outside the Venetian and buy from there.I would have no hesitation to book The Imperial again next time I am in Las Vegas....	
Oct 11 2009 	Our stay at the Imperial Palace	We went to Vegas for our wedding. We stayed and got married at the Imperial Palace. For the most part our experience was a good one. The Wedding Chapel was great! Our room was clean. We ate at the breakfast buffet a couple of times which was good. We weren't impressed with the Pizza Palace. We had a good time walking through the Auto Show display.	
Oct 10 2009 	love that i can find the elevator!	i like the intimacy of this hotel. it is easy to get to your room and back out onto the greatest part of the strip. great location. and we always seem to win at this little hotel. prefer it to larger and fancier places across the street.	
Oct 9 2009 	Love it	How can you go wrong? Center of the strip, $30 rooms, clean room and bath, clean hallways etc., good maid service, clean towels, large room with balcony, fun casino with $5 tables, entertainment day and night, dealer tainers, pool with barbecue and drinks. My 3rd time here, wont be my last. Their coupon book at check in is one of the best, coupons for all the harrah properties.	
Oct 9 2009 	Fun exciting time	Location is great for a fun, exciting time. Helpful staff and great time for us. Would go again.	
Oct 9 2009	Perfectly pleasant hotel and casino located in a great location	The Imperial Palace has not been able to keep up with the grand hotels on the strip in regards to opulance. However, we found the hotel to be very clean, the rooms spacious, and the staff extremely friendly and accomodating. In addition, the location is perfect, surrounded by the likes of the Mirage, Caesars, Bellagio, Bally's , Paris , and Planet Hollywood all within an easy walk. The price for the location was a deal.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great value in a great location	While the Imperial Palace is far from the fanciest hotel on the Strip, it cannot be beat for price or location. If all you need is a clean hotel room (How much time are you really spending in your room on a trip to Vegas anyway?), the Imperial Palace is a great option. It's located near the center of the Strip right across from Caesar's Palace. The Forum Shops are a five minute walk away. Also, the hotel has several restaurants, including a buffet and a 24 hour diner, as well as celebrity impersonator &quot;Dealer-tainers&quot; that make a walk through the casino enjoyable.I have stayed at the Imperial Palace twice now, and I would do so again. Between the location and the price, it makes for a great home base during a trip to Las Vegas.	
Oct 9 2009	Worth the money	We stayed at Imperial Palace and got married in their chapel and we were pleased with everything. The rooms were clean and the hotel was centrally located.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great value 	When we went to check in, the room in the Capri building with a King bed that we had reserved was not available &amp; they told us that we would have a room with 2 double beds. I told them that it was our honeymoon &amp; that we had requested a king size bed. The gal immediately said oh, your honeymoon, well let me upgrade you. She asked if we minded being on the side above the outdoor club &amp; we didn't (cause we knew we'd be sleeping in the day if at all). For the money it was an awesome room. The only complaint is we could of had was the elevator. I was not working properly the entire 5 days we were there. Some days only one was in service.The pool staff was very friendly &amp; attentive &amp; even gave us a free shot because we were on our honeymoon!Overall if, you're on a budget &amp; want somewhere to lay your head down for a couple of hours this place was great! We would stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Cheap 	We stayed at the Imperial Palace because it was, by far, the least expensive hotel on the strip that we could find. It was a relatively no frills hotel but it was right in the heart of all the action on the Vegas strip. The rooms were clean and nice, though a little on the plain side. In general the hotel is a bit outdated and the crowd is on the older side. We went to the buffet but were not at all impressed. However, the location just could not be beat. So while I wouldn't hang out there, or eat there, I would absolutely stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Inexpensive Place To Stay	This hotel is in a perfect location right in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. It's older than most of the Strip hotels and lacks the glitz of most of the other hotels. However, the rooms are very inexpensive. I've stayed there a couple of times and the room was clean and reasonably comfortable. For the budget minded traveler this is definitely a great deal.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect location	The IP is located right in the middle of the Las Vegas strip....the location could not be better. The check in line was a bit long, but worth the wait for the price. The room was about average, nothing fancy and the room service was great! The pool area was nice and there was a waitress walking around taking drink orders. This was the perfect location for us to walk to the shows and other bars. Bill's Bar and Saloon is right down the road and has $.99 margaritas, $2 Coors light cans and $5 minimum black jack tables. We will definitely stay here again!	
Oct 8 2009 	servicable	Well, Vegas wasn't quite for me, but it was an experience.The Imperial Palace itself certainly doesn't compare to places like MGM, Ceasars Palace, Bellagio etc..., that much is a given, but for a neat hotel, in an excellent location, you really can't go wrong. Plus the dealertainers are awesome!If I go back to Vegas, I probably won't go back to the Imperial Palace to stay again, I would probably go somewhere bigger, but it certainly was good enough for us.btw, Not quite sure why the pool closes @ 5, that annoyed us	
Oct 6 2009 	Everything was Great	Up graded to suite during checkin room was nice service was great the deals were friendly .The burger palace was reasonable but went up on price three dollars one morning so we went to harrahs breakfast buffet that was the best i have been to in a long time and the nice lady at cash register gave us a coupon for 5 dollars off for each that made it better.The I P buffet was not so good .Room was keep clean each day and personal were very nice. Not in the room that much anyways.Do go to Ellis Island for the steak breakfast and also supper but you have to ask for specials not on the menu steak supper $6.95 Steak Breakfast $4.95 its a hidden Gem	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Location and Price	just got back from Vegas for my 61st birthday and stayed at the Imperial Palace. I read the reviews before I left and was a little worried. Well I must say that I would recommend this hotel to others and will stay here again. We stayed in a king deluxe room that over looked the strip. I was told at check-in that there might be noise because it overlooked the strip. The noise did not bother me at all. The room was nice and clean. A few things I missed were a microwave and in room coffee and refrigerator but for the most part the room was a great bargin for the two nights I was there. Remember folks you get what you pay for!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 4 2009 	Not bad not great	If you want somewhere in the middle of the strip for a reasonable price, this is probably the place. It's not fancy, far from it actually. The people at the front desk were very kind and helpful. The room was dated, and not the cleanest. The water backed up in the tub when I took a shower. It took about 20 minutes for it to drain. I was in Vegas for a wedding, it was a really quick trip, over and back in less tan 24 hours. So this hotel served it's purpose. I was only in the room a total of 4 hours. If I were going to stay longer, this isn't the hotel I would probably choose.	
Oct 3 2009 	It seemed like a good idea at the time!	I was travelling alone to a wedding in Las Vegas, decided on the Imperial Palace as it was central and reasonably priced, but thankfully didn't book a really really cheap room in the annex! On arrival, after a 22 hour journey and expecting a haven I encountered bedlam. The noise at reception is unbelievable - slot machines and drunks competing as to who can be loudest. After being herded 'a la Disney' I had to communicate in sign language with a bored receptionist, was sent to the wrong lift and had to return to the ground floor,still with bags as no porters were in evidence and start again. The room was clean (ish) but dingy although it did have everything I needed. If you like being a patient sardine this is the hotel for you, the lifts are slow, small and infrequent. If I had not been so worn out I would have looked elsewhere. The wifi is expensive and unreliable, room service slow and not cheap, the shops are tatty and not cheap and Bettys Diner i.e the place where you will eventually be able to buy a sad overpriced sandwich is erm, interesting. If you want a bed to crash out on, fine. If you want peace and to feel vaguely safe, avoid. It was still worth it though to be at my nieces wedding at the Bellagio! Now, there is a hotel and a half......... I described the hotel in an e mail tomy husband as 'chav central attends a trailer trash convention'. Nuff said.	
Oct 3 2009	customer service is supreme at the IP	Our group of 22 stayed at the Imperial Palace from 9-26-09 thru 9-29-09. We had no trouble with check-in, the elevator's, or cleanliness of the room's. Everyone was sofriendly and willing to go the extra mile to make our stay a pleasure. Will return for another stay in the spring.	
Oct 1 2009 	No Better Deal In Vegas!!!!	We were pretty skeptical from some of the reviews so we were hesitant to stay at the IP. But from the moment we arrived to check-out we were nothing but impressed. For the money you won't find a nicer place with outstanding service. We were catered to and treated like the entire time. You can find nicer hotels on the strip but you will pay much more. But you will never be treated better than by the staff at the Imperial Palace....give them a shot.... you will be pleasantly surprised	
Oct 1 2009 	Average and Tough to Contrast	The most important thing you need to keep in mind: there's a reason the Imperial Palace is usually the best/most affordable deal in Las Vegas. It's one of the older hotels on the strip and not really all that old when you think about it, it's just that hotels on the strip have an average lifespan of between 10 and 20 years.First of all, no one goes to Las Vegas to spend a significant amount of time in their room unless they're passed out or drunk. If you are you're going for the wrong reasons. Is it nice to have a luxurious hotel room waiting for you to get out of the scorching hot desert atmosphere? Of course, but all you really need is a reliable base of opperations and you're set. The Imperial is perfect for this. Now its pointless to compare the Imperial to all the glamorous hotels surrounding it. It's obviously not going to stack up, but you get what you pay for. In this case its a sensible room with reliable air conditioning and the perfect location - dead center of the strip. The lobby is dingy, the decor out-dated and the rooms are par at best but enjoy it! That is unless you feel like paying double the price for a room you'll hardly spend any time in.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great Stay!	Like most reviews I have read about the Imperial Palace, I do agree that some updating is needed...carpet in particular. Our room was quite nice overlooking the pool. The carpet was a bit stained, but overall, the room was neat and clean and we found everything in working order. The hotel staff was very accommodating and room service, which we had twice, was very prompt and the food was quite good. We ate at several of the restaurants in the hotel and all were equally as good. We had also read about problems with the elevators, but we found no problem with them at all. The location, to say the least, is fabulous! I have stayed at this hotel several times in the past and have always had a positive experience. This time was no exception. A great value...great service...great location...we couldn't have asked for more.	
Oct 1 2009 	The most average hotel on the strip	I would describe the IP as the most average of hotels - its not the Bellagio and at the other extreme its not Circus Circus.Room had dated decor but the linen/towels were changed regularly, the carper wasn't always vacuumed when the room was cleaned. The hotel corridors were very noisy at night, but then again this is Vegas and people come and go 24/7.The casino offered lower $ minimum stakes than some casinos, the restaurants were pretty average. Nothing bad to say about it, likewise nothing that good either except its very central.$20 dollar trick didn't work.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent value for money couldn't ask for a better location on the strip	This was the first time my partner and I had been to the Imperial Palace. My sister recommended it to me. I was warned not to expect anything like the Paris, where we had stayed on our previous trip. For the money we paid, I wasn't expecting it to be quite so good. Ok so the rooms need some TLC, and the first room we were given was unmade and full of dirty dishes. But after going back to reception they gave us a different room and were very apologetic. Lets be honest, when your in Vegas all you want is a comfy bed to sleep after a long day gambling and shopping. This was definately what we got. The staff at the Imperial were brilliant. The look a like stars that deal the card games were very entertaining. The atmosphere and buzz around the casino was amazing. We did try the Emperor's Buffett, which I wouldn't recommend but the burger place was good. There are so many different places to eat in Vegas, to suit every budget you just have to shop around and try it. We enjoyed our stay so much that my partner and his friends are going back in March 2010 for a 50th birthday celebration.	
Sep 23 2009 	Ok for the Strip!	My stay at the Imperial Palace was from 9/11/09 to 9/13/09. I was in town for a Travel Trade Convention. I wanted to check out this hotel since the rates were excellent for being right on the Strip but the reviews were 'so-so'. It's certainly not 5-Star but it was clean &amp; served it's purpose. I was a little disappointed since I knew this was part of the Harrah's properties now. However; with this addition, the Harrah's now has an Hotel for every 'walk of life'! The cafe' served great breakfast. I also picked this Hotel since it was part of the Monorail system &amp; needed to get to the Convention Center daily. I didn't want to be stuck at the hotel right next to the Convention (although Hilton Las Vegas is perfect!) but it gave me a chance to be close to the strip. I also stayed at the Bally's (another Harrah's property); check out my review &amp; photos also.	
Sep 22 2009 	Im a fan of Imperial Palace	Considering the location and price of Imperial Palace, Im not bothered with the mould in the bathroom or the stains on the floor, the staff were friendly and helped us out on finding cheap attractions in and around las vegas. Shot Imperial Palace!	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Stay	I read all the reviews of this hotel and was a little worried. Starting with check in. We arrived about 6:30 pm and there was a long line at chedk in. But I am a frequent player at Harrahs so I went to the Platnum/Diamomd line and ther was no one in line so our check in was quick. We got to our rooms and they were very clean and had everyting we needed. Yes they are in need of some TLC but they were still very nice. We went next door to Harrahs to catch the shuttle to the Rio and quess what, no one in line to check in there, so I guess price does matter since rooms at Harrahs are at least twice as much per night as the IP. We stayed for three nights and had no problem with maid service at all. Now the elevators. Yes sometimes you had to wait a few minutes, but it is a very large hotel and had a lot of guests. They have several banksof elevators, so you just find the ones closest to your room and use those. The ice machine closest to our room was out of order, but the one further down the hall worked just fine.We did not eat at his hotel because having been to Veagas many times before I had already made plans to take our Grandson to other places that we enjoy. (The purpose of this trip was our Grandson's 21st birthday)Our stay at the IP was very good. We used valet parking and it was prompt and courteous. It is mid strip and you can walk to everything. If you want a good room on the strip the IP is the place to stay.	
Sep 21 2009 	Worst experience in my many stays in Las Vegas	We have stayed in at least Ten (10) Casinos in Las Vegas, at least twice at the Imperial Palace since 1993, and this was our worst experience. Made complimentary room reservations months in advance requesting two Queen size beds. At check in I again requested Queen size beds. Was informed at check in of a $10 processing fee on the FREE rooms. Assigned a room and found two double beds in room. Complained by phone, and was told Queen beds would be an additional $20 per night. Went down and complained in person about no notification in advance of any additional charges or room bed size costs, &amp; after desk clerk talked to a supervisor was give a room with queen beds at no additional charge for this visit. My wife and daughter were trapped in an elevator because the doors would not open. Other elevators broke down at least twice during our three day stay, and the elevators were very slow. On every trip in the elevators the conversations included comments about the elevators, and at least three (3) times I heard persons say that they would never stay at the Imperial Palace again, and my wife said she did not ever want to stay there again either. We have stayed at other Harrahs Casinos, &amp; other hotels on the strip &amp; Fremont st. &amp; were always informed in advance of any additional charges for requested services or items. And we have never had to pay a Processing Fee for Complimentary rooms or an additional charge for queen beds. My brother checked in at the Imperial Palace the same day I did for his Complimentary room &amp; was not charged a processing fee.	
Sep 19 2009 	First room the put me in	When we arrived they put me in room #147 which was a 2 elevator trim- 1 up and then a long walk to 1 down. The room was old, musty and overlooking a fire escap. I went back to the desk and told them I wanted to change, but was told that that was all they had in a non smoking room. Since it was 9 PM, I had no choice. I was told to come back between 2 and 6 pm the next day and see what was available. I went back to the desk early the next morning and when I asked the lady about a change, as I would not be there between 2 and 6 pm that day, she asked me wha floor I wanted and gave me a choice of rooms to move to as she had them ready at this time. They put me in a very comfortable room, clean and near the elevator. Assuming this, I am sure that there were rooms the night before!! I would recomend that if the put you in a room in the 100 numbers and if they will not move you speak to the manager, as the originaly room and location should not be acceptws.	
Sep 19 2009 	would book this hotel again	just returned today on arrival we were told that our room was a bit out of the way as we had to get 2 elevators but to come back the next afternoon to get a better room which we did although there was nothing wrong with the 1st room.it was on the13th floor overlooking the strip it was a bit noisy but this didnt bother us as we spend little time in our room the room spacious enough ,the bathroom was a bit small but clean no complaints.The dealertainers were good would have like a comfy chair in 1 of the bars to listen to them. my only complaint would be the buffet only used it once service was poor food average have been to better buffets would visit this hotel again perfectly situated in the strip	
Sep 18 2009 	Just unlucky	We were told that Deluxe rooms have a better view and recently renovated compared to the standard rooms, so we went ahead and booked it. However was given one which was not renovated and no views and it was dark. We asked to see another deluxe and room and found that it was much bigger than our room. The stadard room was no different to our room apart from the beds headboard (different shape). Maybe because we booked on a cheap deal. The room had a funny smell and looking at it, it has not been occupied for a long time as we could see the dust off from the information booklet. If you're going to book this place, make sure you request for rooms on a higher floor as they look bigger and cleaner with lots of light. Reception staff were not knowledgable when asked for simple tourist information, not the best customer service. They muddled up our room arrangements. It took my friend forever to try and arrange a shuttle to the airport, she was passed around like a ball from one person to another. We were not keen on the restaurants so didnt' try it. Overall, the location was good for the price. All depends on what you're after. I certainly would spend a bit more on a better hotel even though it's only a bed for the night. But it pays to sleep in a comfy room.	
Sep 18 2009 	Good deal - if you're on the move	Location was great, right in the middle of the strip. I was in for my brother's wedding which was across the street at Caesar's. The room wasn't the best but didn't spend too much time there and didn't spend too much money on the room. There are little decks in the rooms lookings out to the pool which was nice. The pool was ok but you start losing the sun around 5. People were friendly.	
Sep 17 2009 	Vegas on the cheap	I was prepared for the worst when I booked the rooms for my latest Vegas trip at the Imperial. The Imperial didn't disappoint. Let's just say that if you are looking for a really cheap place to stay and don't mind grime, rust, stink and a bad view - the Imperial is for you. You can tell that they haven't done much with this place in the last few decades. The lobby is decent but decency ends there. The rooms were cramped, dank and really showed their age. I would place the Imperial a few pegs down from a Motel 6. All that being said, I would still recommend this hotel. It's a great option if you want to go to Vegas, be located in a great spot and save some money on lodging for the tables and booze. There is a decent dance club between the hotel entrance and street that is small but fun. Overall a good place to stay on the cheap.	
Sep 16 2009 	this was my first time at the imperial palace and i loved it.	try to visit all the free activities they have to offer, they will fill your day up completely.	
Sep 15 2009 	Quit yer gripin'!	You get what you pay for; always have always will. IP was a great location and nothing close to the bad reviews seen here. It is what it is; a convenient location and what I liken to mildly lower grade LaQuinta. The elevators were no problem. And we were told it was one of their busiest days. It took a grand total of 10 minutes to check in. Since they were completely booked, we received breakfast for free. Our room was nice except we were directly over the bar. It was loud, but not that loud. We had played so much during the day that we fell right asleep and never noticed the crappy DJ. The rooms were adequate, clean, and the beds were very comfortable. Pillows were the only draw back. I called for extras and 4 hours later called again. We had not received enough for each bed. They immediately brought 6 pillows and 4 bath towels and apologized profusely. Hey, good enough for me.If you want a little more &quot;swank&quot; to your hotel, spend the extra $40 a night and go to Monte Carlo. It's nicer, the rooms are bigger, but it's still the same room ran by the same group of people and that includes Bellagio and MGM.One thing to the IP General Manager...your Entertainment Dealers look nothing like who their impersonating and putting them on a stage in the middle of the poker room with a sound track to lip synch is old and tired. There was one girl who was supposed to be Celine Dion, but she was black and had short hair. Really, spend the extra $3 per hour and get better side show folks.One caveat...the luau dinner. It was WONDERFUL. We had the best time and met the dancers after the show. Talked with the girls in the ladies' room and they were so sweet. The food was adequate, but the crab legs, mussels, and crawfish were abundant. The Mai Tai's were cute and sweet. The creme' brulee' sucked, but it came in a cupcake wrapper so what should I have expected? The show was fun, though.Stay here if you're ok with middle class travel. If you like higher middle class; don't. I've stayed at many places and this is second time at IP. I'll stay again. ***They didn't have a spa opening, so they sent us to Harrah's for the same price. Harrah's spa is MUCH nicer.	
Sep 13 2009 	Perfect Location!	Imperial Palace may not be the fanciest of hotels on the Las Vegas strip, but it scores top marks for value! We stayed here for 5 nights, in a room located on the 15th floor. Yes, it's very basic, but what do you expect for £24 a night?! We were very pleased with the standard of our room - clean, spacious and comfortable. The TV and ironing facilities were a bonus too! The hotel itself had little to complain about. The pool area was clean and there were plenty of sun loungers and towels available for the guests. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The lifts were a pain (they take forever - take the stairs if you're only a few floors up!!), but I’m sure many of the big hotels have this problem! Other than that, I really can't think of anything bad to say about it! I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting good value for money! It’s the perfect place for budget travelers, or for those who just want to save their money to spend on the good things in Vegas, like cocktails and fancy meals!	
Sep 13 2009 	Great spot cannot beat the location	We just got back yesterday. We stayed in deluxe room #1286. The balcony was facing the strip, with the rockhouse below it was very loud, this I knew, and requested. It's open till 3am, great for loud and wild travelers. Don't bother bringing any Bon Jovi, they played it 3 or 4 times a day. &quot;So funny&quot;. Great view could not ask for better, especially for only $35 a night. It is old but, holding up well. We stayed tues-fri check in was fast. The room was a little used, I heard from other travelers to bring clorox wipes, that did the trick. IP does get busy during the weekends, so naturally the elevators were slower. The longiest we waited was 10 min. There is 2 sets of elevators, just ask the staff aroud they tell you. We used valet the whole time, real easy just give them a buck each time, it's worth not having to walk, considering your walking everywhere else. Hope this review helps. I took a chance and i'm so glad I did. I was worried about the reviews. I had booked our trip 9 months ago, and was reading the reviews for 9 months. Recommend to all! Go Steelers!	
Sep 13 2009 	Best decision of my entire vacation	We are Aussies and it was our first time in Vegas. Stayed for 5 days on the &quot;All in&quot; package. This meant that in addition to our room, we had unlimited drinks at the casino/pool bars and unlimited visits to the buffet and Tea Room cafe. This turned out to be the best decision on the entire trip, as we saved so much on food and drinks. Was about US$150 per night (total for 2 people) .Here's a few quick opinions:Location: Fantastic. Enough said.Room: We had a &quot;Deluxe Luv Tub Room&quot; which was huge and always well cleaned. Old yes, but more than adequate considering how much time you actually spent in it. Ice machine worked fine the entire time.Elevators: Seems to be a common grudge on here. Personally, we never had to wait more than 2 minutes for an elevator in the lobby, going UP. To be fair, we always took the stairs DOWN from our room, so we only had to wait on our room floor once when we checked out with our luggage (only 2 mins).Buffet: Forget it. Worst part of the hotel by far. Very Glad not to be paying $14 each time we went. Avoid if possible.Food (Tea House): We only went to the &quot;Tea House Cafe&quot; for our meals (at least once a day) and food was standard American fare, generous portions and prepared quickly. Can't complain. Can't comment on value because it was incuded in our package deal.Staff: All satff we dealt with were courteous and attentive.Casino: Old, and a bit stale-smelling. But if you don't like it, just go somewhere else! It's Vegas DUH! Dealertainers are great fun and a must see if you are visiting.Pool: Fine. Good Bar service and not over crowded, even on the days when it was 108 degrees.Again, to be fair, we did stay mid week (Sun-Fri) so we weren't there on the weekend.Imperial Palace is what it is. Would I stay there again? No worries.	
Sep 12 2009 	Probably the cheapest on the strip but i'd still go elsewhere	First off, the rooms were fine. Pretty standard, but it was clean and nice enough. When we checked in, we were told they didn't have a double bed room for us, so we stayed in a king size for one day. The view was great, and one night sharing a bed with a friend wasn't a big deal. We then moved to a lower floor, where the rooms faced the &quot;ugly&quot; side. If i had thought of it, i would have asked about keeping the good view, and a smoking room. Anyway, it took me a few days to figure out the layout of the hotel. Depending on your room number, if you get on the wrong elevator you'll be walking for a long time. Certain elevators only go to rooms and others only go to the salon and stuff. The restaurants are beside the front desk, up an escalator. The wait times for the elevator are crazy long. I've read alot of reviews about staying in the tower as opposed to the older rooms, and that's absolutely true. They are new and much nicer. The pool was nothing special, i would have liked it to have been more. I did like how the hotel was in the middle of the strip however.Onto the salon. I would recomend you not wasting your time or money with this place. I called to make an appointment a few weeks before my stay, and was told i could have a triple barrel curling iron style. When i got to the appointment however, i was told that they do not have the iron for that and &quot;we're the only two here, so no one would have told you that&quot; I don't think calling your customer a liar is a good way to start off. But since i already booked the appointment, i would have had to pay even if i cancelled. It was also quite expensive. She didn't wash my hair, and it was 55 dollars to dry style it. Needless to say, the style didn't stay and i could have done a much better job by myself. Walking through the other hotels, i saw their casinos seemed more spacious, and most seemed more updated. I didn't think the breakfast place was very good, as all they had were basics. The flamingo just down the street had many more options, or there's a denny's and mcdonalds also down the road. The whole trip was very cheap, and for the money it was a good deal. Next time i go, i will be staying elsewhere, just because it seems for a little more money i get alot more bang. Some things i noticed about vegas itself were the deuce. It was 15 bucks for a 3 days pass, and i found it to be very worthwhile. This bus will take you up and down the strip, freemont street and to this wicked outlet mall with a transfer. You get on the 108 after to go to the mall. I would definitely reccomend the outlet mall, i found some really awesome deals. Freemont street is the best place for souvenirs. They have shot glasses, ashtrays, cups, pretty much anything you want for a dollar. There are people on the street that sell club passes, and they usually want a 20 dollar tip. I didn't end up using mine, but i found a great place i loved with no cover. They are part of harrah's, when you walk down a windy road with little kiosks and it's a circle bar. They do need your passport if your not from the states though. I got a showtime shuttle pass from the airport, although i found this specific company to be sub par. I would wait until i got off the plane and buy a ticket from one of the other companies. Overall, i had a fabulous time in vegas. You really can't go wrong with drinking, shopping and seeing the sights.	
Sep 12 2009 	Brilliant location!	We stayed at the Imperial Palace for a week and although we were a little disappointed when we arrived (after looking up all the big hotels before we went), for the price we paid it was well worth it! The hotel is in need of a refit but its clean and tidy and the staff were very good. The room was large and of course it had air con! It could have done with a fridge to keep our bottled water chilled but we managed OK with the ice bucket provided. The bathroom was small and you had to shut the door and stride over the toilet to get into the shower but once in the shower was hot and very powerful. They also provided shampoo, conditioner and soap. The pool was nice, a real sun trap in the morning and early afternoon but as the sun moved around it did end up in the shade. The casino was always packed and full of the usual games you would expect.The location was perfect, right across the road from Caesars Palace &amp; Bellagio and about a 5 min walk from Venetian so we didn't actually spend much time at the hotel.We tried the Burger Palace one afternoon and it was OK. We also tried to get a Pizza (Pizza Palace?) but it was closed. The Chinese/Korean/Japanese place was open 24 hours but we didn't try it. The monorail was right outside too, so we used that to get to the Stratosphere at the other end of the strip.There was also a car museum but we didn't get a chance to visit it.All in all, the hotel interior could be better but its so cheap and if you using it like we did, simply for a bed for the night then its great value.	
Sep 10 2009 	Imperial Palace is always my choice	I stayed at Imperial Palace for 4 nights in March and 4 nights again in September. The location is the greatest, my room was extremely clean, I was treated great by the staff and I will stay here again on my next trip which will be soon.OK so the sink and shower drained slowly, I can live with that. The water didn't stand after you turned it off, it simply drained slowly. The commode flushed normally. I don't like the buffet there and think it is overpriced even with the $5 off coupon, but most all Vegas buffets are pretty terrible.I got an unbelievable deal there by using my Harrah's Total Reward card number and booking it at the Harrah's web site.I can't get over the negative things that are said about Imperial Palace in the reviews. I think that a lot of people just look for the smallest thing to complain about and others are pure and simple snobs. It doesn't really matter. I can truthfully say that after several stays there I don't have any complaints, maybe because I didn't go to Vegas to stay in a hotel room.Another thing I enjoy is that right next door at Oshea's there's a Burger King (which is great for breakfast and very good cheap coffee) and a Subway.I give Imperial Palace two thumbs up.	
Sep 10 2009 	VALUE AND LOCATION ARE GREAT	this spot has the best location right in the middle of the strip. room was clean and good size and casino was pumping all week! sure its not the bellagio but for what i paid i would stay there anytime! staff were helpful and friendly. definately a good spot for any1 seeking the heart of the action.	
Sep 10 2009 	The Imperial Whatever	I stayed at the imperial Palace for business and the hotel was more like a motel. It was Imperial alright but NO palace. The rooms were bare and dirty. The carpets were stained. Paints peeling and stinky rooms. The hotel is like a maze and it took forever to get to places. I ate at the Ginseng restaurant at the food was horrible! My room was pre-paid for 2 nights -- I stayed the night my flight came in and transferred to another hotel. I don't mind loosing the 65.00 dollars -- it was worth every penny checking out of the hotel!	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Location but DISGUSTING rooms..price can be good at the right time of year.	This was our third trip to Vegas, second time staying at the IP. Our first trip was great, just my husband and I. The room was fine and had no HUGE complaints; so when we decided to go again with more people, we chose the IP because we had no HUGE problems previously, and for the value and location, you can't complain! Right!?!? WRONG!!! We went with five people and shared a room and had two queens and brought an air mattress...SSSHHH Don't tell!!! Anyhow...we arrived around midnight and waited in a line so incredibly long...it took an hour and a half to check in. Throughout the E NTIRE process, the lady kept saying, if you don't like you room, just let us know. Whey would you say that over and over and over?? We soon found out. Even with the EXTENSIVE map she gave us to find our room, and about four elevator rides later, and only getting lost twice, we FINALLY found our room. WHAT A DUMP!! It smelled musty, but we were looking forward to finally gambling. As I changed into some cuter clothes, I thought the floor was kinda damp, but paid it no heed...We just wanted to go play!! Well, around 4:30 we were ready for bed. The room was still smelling musty, so we went to open a window...NO WAY TO DO IT!! It was a completely sealed room, no ventilation whatsoever!! OK, And it was a smoking room?? How does a person smoke with no ventilation?? Anyway, we all changed into our PJ's, and I laid down in bed. THERE WAS A HUGE WET SPOT ON MY BED!!!!!!!!!!! By this time it was 5 in the morning and my husband wanted to go to sleep so he put a thick layer of towels down and switched sides with me. When we got up around 10, we went downstairs to somplain and switch rooms, and the &quot;manager&quot;, in a VERY snotty tone, told us we should have complained earlier. And after MUCH complaining they finally switched the rooms for us. No sorry, no comps, nothing. We had to complain and complain and complain to finally get a new room. What kind of customer service is that??? In the end we still had a decent time, but the whole trip I couldn't get laying down in a wet bed out of my mind....it STILL gives me the eebie-jeebies. UGH!!! We will be returning in November, but no way in HELL are we ever staying at the IP again!!!! P.S. The tea room (I think it was) is INCREDIBLY over-priced....$10 for a BLT..are you kidding me?? And the pool is TINY!!!	
Sep 7 2009 	Nice clean room	Stayed at the IP for 4 nights with 2 friends. We were on the 15th floor. Check in was fast, clerk very friendly. Everyone we encountered was friendly. Our room was clean. We tipped the maid every day. I left her one note asking for extra shampoo. Every day after that we had extra toiletries. Room was cleaned late in the afternoon every day but we were usually out at that time. We were in our room one day and just asked her to wait a minute and left so she could clean. My room was comped so we had a nice free stay but would have been worth it to pay. No, this is not a 4 star hotel but everyone should realize that. It was clean and quiet which is what we wanted. We had breakfastone morning at the Teahouse and the food was very good as was the service.	
Sep 7 2009 	Very dissapointed.... will never return	I read the reviews on here and was a little concerned but it appered that the good reviews outweighed the bad so I gave it a chance. We were dissapointed from the second we pulled into the parking garage. We have traveled to Vegas many times and usually stay at the Monte Carlo. Because of the holiday weekend we deicded to try the Imperial Palace since it was cheaper and we were trying to travel on a budget. There was free parking which was good but the parking gararge was hard to navigate. The walk to the building to check in was confusing and long. You have to walk through the entire casino full of people to get to the front desk. The newer hotels have the front desk and guest elevators in a more private location so you aren't navigating a crowded casino floor with your luggage. Check in was ok and we went up to the room. The hallway smelled like urine and the room is old and dingy. There were hairs in the bathtub and the room needs to be updated. The TV didn't work well and the air conditioner didn't turn off so we froze all night. The bed was stiff as a board and we got a terrible night sleep. The walls weren't as thin as I would have expected and it was quiet which was the only plus I can think of. The elevators were slow and always full. We had to wait for close to 20 minutes to get down with our luggage when we were ready to check out. The bathtub did not drain when you took a shower so you were standing in water the entire time which was gross since I knew the tub wasn't clean. Wallpaper was peeling and the rooms need a serious update. I will not stay here again nor will I reccomend to friends. We were traveling with another couple and they have taken away my hotel selection privlages as a result of this trip as they were also unimpressed./	
Sep 6 2009 	Location Location Location	The Imperial Palace may be one of the more run down hotels on the Strip but its prices do reflex this and it absolutely cannot be beaten on location. The rooms were fine for what we needed (a place to sleep and to get changed etc.) and were clean. I was really surprised at the shower pressure, it was amazing for being in a big hotel in the middle of the desert. The staff were great and helped quickly and efficiently with any queries we had. Never had to wait long for the elevators, the casino and pool were both fine but with the rest of the strip being so accessible I would recommend this for people using their hotel simply as somewhere to sleep.	
Sep 6 2009 	Worst hotel of the holiday	- Bathroom dirty with leaking taps- Room substandard with dirty wallpaper hanging off- Elevators didn't work (one working elevator for 2,600 rooms); took 30 minutes to get from floor 10 to ground in the morning. No option to use the stairs if coming up- Pool closed on sunny day because of non-existent threat of rain- $10 charge for internetMaybe worth $20 / night tops but not $90 + they charge on a weekend!	
Sep 3 2009 	Nice hotel for a great price	When i started reading reviews on this hotel it had me a little worried that it wouldnt be nice. I stayed there for 6 nights and loved the hotel. We had a pretty fast checkin and the lady gave us directions to the room. When we checked out the room we were throughly impressed it was a pretty nice room especially for the price it was a deluxe room on the 9th floor. We had no problems at all the room was clean the shower drained fast the maid always did a nice job. The elevators were pretty slow on the weekend but the rest of the time wasnt too bad. We were on a non smoking floor and it didnt smell at all of smoke and it was quiet too. I also love the location of the hotel too right in the middle of everything. We also ate at the burger bar restraunt that the hotel has it has nice food and great pizza ate there a few times because of the convenience and good food. I would love to stay here again if i ever came back.	
Sep 3 2009 	You get what you pay for	great location, but as most people should understand, you get what you pay for. I stayed here during my second visit to Vegas (the first time was with a friend living here). The rooms are decent, but being an older hotel, you can still smell the smoke that has saturated most of the room.C'mon, you're in Vegas... you shouldn't be spending time in your room anyways!I probably wouldn't stay here again, but I would recommend it to people who are very cost conscious and still want to be where the action is (it is smack dab in the middle of the strip).	
Sep 2 2009 	I would stay again but would try other Harrah's properties first	I was able to get this room complimentary as I am a Total Rewards member. I was leery at first as I read many of the comments here, but I decided to take a chance.The Imperial Palace is good for someone who is on a budget or is looking for no frills. The hotel is older and you can tell no improvements have been made recently.I arrived at the hotel around 11 am. The check in process was a little time consuming, as the line was long and there were only four Guest Services Representatives. When I had the opportunity to check in, the representative confirmed my complimentary room as well as gave me discounts for sister properties (Harrah's, Bally's, Cesaers Palace, Flamingo, Rio Suites, and Paris).As everyone else has mentioned, elevators are SLOW! After a day, I became accustomed to calling my direction at both sets of elevators and then going with the one that came first.The Deluxe Room was big, but could have used more furniture (maybe a sofa bed instead of table and chairs). My room had an indirect view of Cesaers Palace, but a direct view of the parking lot. If possible, ask for a room with a poool view (good for people watching).The bathroom was clean, although the drain did not flow as fast as I would. In addition, the shower would start even before you pulled the gauge to start it.Housekeeping left enough towels not to have to replenish as it was just me. I do have one complaint. I came back to my room one day to see my bed unmade. The first time was okay because I had left my laptop on the bed. Housekeeping cannot touch your personal property, therefore the bed was unmade. I removed my laptop, called Housekeeping, and informed the telephone representative that I would like to have my bed made. They never came that night.While at the hotel, I ate at Burger Palace, Ginseng 3, and the Emperor's Buffet. Burger Palace offers a 1/2 pound cheeseburger combo (burger, fries, and drink) for $9.XX. While I know I should have not eaten eight ounces of beef, it did fill me up, especially since I had not eaten since 6 am EST. Ginseng 3 is the 24 hours restaurant serving Chinese, Japanese. and Korean food. The sushi was AMAZING (Spicy Tuna rolls), and I asked for a second order. I ate at the Emperor's Buffet for breakfast the day of my departure. The cost was about $14 and you can tell that the buffet catered to the late night partiers and the early risers. Some of the selections included eggs, pancakes, fried chicken, rice, and cake.The casino is small in my opinion, although the hotel has dealers who are impersonators. Sometimes these impersonators would perform on a mini stage. I went during Michael Jackson's birthday, so there was an impersonator for him, as well as a J. Lo (Jennifer Lopez) impersonator.Pool area is SMALL! The last time I came to Las Vegas I stayed at the Riviers Hotel and their pool is twice as big (to give some perspective). Get there early if you plan to go. It was nice to sit out there and get some sun.I did like the fact that the Monorail that runs from the Sahara to the MGM Grand had a stop near Imperial Palace. The Monorail run 19 hours a day.Location of Imperial Palace cannot be beat! It is across the street from Cesaers, so you are in the middle of the strip. I did express checkout since I did not have any charges to the room, so that was easy.Overall, an okay stay. if I come back to Las Vegas, I will check other Harra's properties, but I will not turn my nose at the Imperial Palace.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Value!	Every complaint I read before this trip complained about elevators being slow. We didn't experiece this problem at all. If you take the first set of elevators closest to the strip you will be fine. We never had to wait. Other people that took the set of elevators closest to parking had problems where they would wait and turn away 4-5 elevators because they were full. The casino was friendly with its payouts. The dealertainers...some were spot on and others....missed it completely!!! We didn't eat there, but we used the coupons our room came with to eat at Paris and Bally, both good buffets. Didn't go to the pool, but did check out the car collection.	
Sep 2 2009 	Disappointed	Great location, smack in the center of the strip, but let down by tired rooms and poor facilities. Tried the 24hr Burger Bar (at 8pm) which was dirty and unkempt. The food was poor and the coffee must have come from the sink!We tried the Dinner Buffet once. That was enough.Although the rooms were clean and tidy with maid service daily, the fixtures were showing signs of age. A lot of the silvering on the Bathroom mirror was missing, the balcony door refused to shut and the &quot;Air Con&quot; was the noisiest in LV.They have a gimmick whereby certain dealers in the Casino are look-alikes and will at random jump up onto a small podium and sing. Without doubt &quot;Billy Idol&quot; got the place rocking, but several of the others should stick to dealing.Stayed at Circus Circus 2 years ago, and if we went again we'd be happy to go back there (we holiday on a tight budget!)At the end of the day, we only used the Hotel for somewhere to sleep, we ate, gambled and partied elsewhere in LV and had a great time.	
Sep 1 2009 	Can't Beat the Location or the Service	The hotel is an older one that could certainly use renovating but if you were like us, the room is basically a place to lay your head for a few hours, shower and get up and go all over again. We knew what to expect from recommendations from friends but were at first somewhat taken aback. Upon arrival, the room looked clean and sufficient to meet our needs. We did have a problem the first night with a backed up shower and slow flushing toilet. Front desk immediately sent someone over to take care of the problem and we were then good to go. As I am not a fan of air conditioning, we decided to open the balcony door but later learned that water bugs love humidity and found one in our room. Another call to the front desk and we were immediately moved. They were fantastic in their customer service and left us quite happy.The location alone is by far the best along the strip. Convenient to everything without having to cross bridges or large intersections. Well worth the value and an enjoyable stay was had.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great location great service great time!	The location of this hotel is spot on. It's right in the middle of the strip, next to the flamingo, mirage and several other big casinos. The hotel and casino are fairly cheep and cheerful but that was fine with us. We found the staff very friendly, especially those at the bar. The 'lookalike' dealers in the casino were hilarious and kept us entertained. The food at the hotel isn't great but with so many places to eat nearby, you don't need to stay there anyway. I would definitely recommend this place. We had a fantastic time (especially at the bar!) and would certainly stay there again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Good hotel great location	My friend and I stayed at Imperial Palace August 16-19. We had stayed there previously so we knew what to expect. Our check in process was no problem and Ben, at check in, was friendly and very accommodating. We asked for adjoining rooms and there was no problem. Our rooms were clean and our floor was quiet. We ate breakfast at the Emperor's Buffet 2 times with no complaints and the Tea Palace for one breakfast and everything was good. The &quot;dealertainers&quot; in the casino were fun and put on good shows. Our only &quot;complaint&quot; would be that the elevators were a little slow and one was not working our entire stay. If you're looking for a clean hotel with a fun casino and great location to other places, stay at the Imperial Palace. We would definitely stay there again!	
Aug 31 2009 	This will do if you are on a Budget	This is a vast hotel on the strip so cant be beaten for location. The rooms are large and clean but not fancy. We didn't gamble (teenagers) but everyone seemed happy enough on the floors! The pool is large but packed so avoid at all costs. The Emperors Buffet is simple and filling. Valet parking is cheap and efficient. A decent place at a reasonable rate.	
Aug 31 2009 	PLACE IS A DUMP	Service was good when i first got there..room wasnt very clean, especialy the bathroom yuck they seriously need to do a better job cleaning the bathrooms and the tub didnt even drain it just filled up they need some plumbing done..beds arent very comfortable its like sleeping on springs..the pool was kinda gross as well, towels had stains, pool smelt strong of chlorine and had hairs and random stuff floating in it, the pool chairs did not smell pleasant at all..the elevators took foreverrrr it got really irritating..cheap rooms but not worth it, better off spending the extra money for a nicer hotel..i would not stay here again this hotel needs to be rennovated or just completely demolished, i would be embaressed if i owned this hotel	
Aug 31 2009 	Clean Comfortable stay	My husband and I were looking for a cheap, but clean and comfy stay on the strip. After looking through many options, I found The Imperial Palace. I am always one to look at reviews and do my research before I book anything. I read some good reviews on this place, and read even more horrible ones. I saw great pictures from other reviews, and it didn't seem too bad to me. I was pretty skeptical of course, and was afraid of walking into a horrible room. Well we arrived to Vegas on a Wed, late evening, check in was a flash and we right away got our keys.We went up to our Deluxe room on the 16th floor, and i could right away tell the difference of the clean non smokey smell up there. Our room was amazing, we had a king bed which was very comfy, and very very clean, and the room smelled very very clean as well. I felt like I wasn't even in a hotel with a casino in it. I don't know why people give so many bad reviews. I guess if you plan to stay in the Capri rooms which are cheaper, and in the motel part of the property, then yes, you might have some complains. But we decided to spend a lil more and go for the deluxe room! For 3 nights, the whole stay cost us only $118. We will definitely be going back to The Imperial Palace whenever we head back to Vegas! Its the cheapest, cleanest most comfortable place on the strip!	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Location Great People Below Average Facility	For a hotel in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip, this is dissappointing.Service was great, casino dealers good (except the one crap table, where one of the money guys kept hitting the die with his hand!). Food choices were not good. Room was clean but basic (small TV, toilet ran a lot, shower didn't drain well). Location is the strength: it's right in the middle of the Strip. You can walk to a lot of great places like the Bellagio, Ceasar's, Harrahs, ...Dealertainers in casino were fun. Others, not so much. Overall you have to decide if the location and the really cheap rates are worth a crummy room...	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Value. Would stay here again.	We live next to Vegas in Henderson. We decided to stay on the strip for my birthday instead of risk driving home after an evening of drinking and playing tourist. After reading other reviews, we were prepared for the worst, but figured we could stand anything for just one night.We arrived around 3pm on a Monday and only had to wait 5 minutes to check in. We were very pleasantly surprised as to the cleanliness and size of our room. We had a king bed and there was still plenty of space for my wife to drive her mobility scooter around. It was a nonsmoking room and there was absolutely no smell of cigarette smoke. Our 11th floor room overlooked the pool which seemed very popular.There were a few minor negatives though. The elevators were slow and very small (wife’s mobility scooter just barely fit.) Finding the self parking garage was a challenge. There was no in-room coffee maker. (There was an iron, ironing board and hair drier though.)Overall, we felt that is was worth much more than the $30 local’s special rate we paid. The location on the strip across from Caesars Palace and just a short walk to Bellagio, Mirage and Treasure Island can’t be beat. We will stay at the Imperial Palace on our next mini stacation.	
Aug 26 2009 	Whats everyone complaining about?	I cannot stand people who do not do research before hand then write bad reviews because it is not what they expected. This was my first time in Vegas, as long as I had a room to sleep and to put my belongings then I was happy. The hotel is awesome location, central strip and very cheap among other hotels on the strip. So why is it that people think they are staying in a 5 star hotel for that cheap of a price? I was very happy with the service, very happy with the location, and very satisfied for a bed and a bathroom for the price I paid. You do not come to Vegas to stay in your room and complain about the tv..get out and enjoy the city.	
Aug 25 2009 	No frills - great location	Firstly a great location - right opposite Caesars Palace on the strip. Much better placed than some of the other alternatives such as Circus Circus. Room was clean, but could have been much better. Shower tap not working properly and some cracks/chips in the bathroom. Compared to one of my friends experience we had a good room. Some of the others in my group had rooms that overlooked a carpark or looked straight into a wall, whereas I got a room which overlooked the pool. Air conditioning is very noisy.The biggest gripe i have about this place is the lifts. It often took up to ten/fifteen minutes of waiting for the lifts and it became a joke with all the other guests staying there. So if you have any place to be/to go make sure you allow for this!!In summary, If you want somewhere central, thats cheap and are willing to forgo the extras then this is an okay place to stay. We spent so much time out and about that we hardly spent much time here so it worked for us. If you want some luxury and relaxation time, i would personally stay somewhere else.	
Aug 23 2009 	Awesome	Excellent customer service from front end staff, bar service quick, polite and friendly. Valet service quick and informative. Awesome room, simple and clean. Great view of the strip. Location is prime and the hotel has a simple feel to it. The size makes things easy and you can't get lost. Vegas can turn into a headache and this hotel puts your mind at ease. It was a grat place to stay and I am staying there again this year!	
Aug 23 2009 	Loved it and can't wait to go back :)	I went last September with my boyfriend, best friend and her boyfriend. When we got to the IP it was about 19:30-20:00. And there was a line up to check in but it went smooth and fast. Our rooms were right next to each out which was great. He had to wait a bit for the elevator, but that was fine because it gave us a chance to meet other people a staff.Once we got up to our room the view wasn’t the best and there were a few unknown hairs in the bathroom….but that wasn’t a problem because we went in changed and headed to the strip, my boyfriend wasn’t feeling well so unfortunately it was an early night.The next morning I went to the check in counter and advised then that we didn’t like our view and the bathroom was a little messy. So apologized and apologized and asked how fast can we be packed up to move because she has two rooms next to each other that we could take right now. When we switched rooms it was awesome. It was a high floor and you could see the strip but couldn’t hear the noise. Food was awesome and staff/bar tenders/security/valet and store clerks were awesome.As a travel agent I recommend this hotel to a lot of other agents and clients. You can’t go wrong with the IP, the location is AMAZING. The day we were checking out our plane didn’t leave till later that day. So there was a room where we could safely keep our stuff so we could kill time with out dragging it around.We are going back this Sept and are staying there again. The way I see it, you’re not going to SIN CITY for the hotel, you’re going for SIN CITY. Less money paid for the hotel more money to do things.I give this hotel 10 out of 10 :)	
Aug 23 2009 	Terrible place to stay	I went with three friends for four days of Las Vegas fun. We had a good time in Vegas but the IP is a dump. The staff was less than helpful and on our last night all four of us ate at the Pizza Palace Restaurant at the Imperial Palace. Three of us shared a pizza and ended up with severe food poisioning. The paramedics were called and we all suffered because of the bad food at the Pizza Palace Restaurant. We missed our flight because of the sickness and the Imperial Palace had the nerve to charge us for the room for the extra day. In addition, never did anyone from management contact us in our room to see if we were okay or offer any kind of assistance. I have tried to contact Risk Management at the IP to try to get the room charge for the extra day to be removed to no avail. I have left messages and then called and the phone just rings. It has been a week and my friends and I are still not well. DON'T STAY HERE. The room was overall &quot;well worn&quot; and that was an upgraded room. The TV was about a 13&quot; TV.Well I will keep on trying to contact the IP management re the room charge.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great Location Great Casino Great Value!	I stayed at the Imperial Palace in Feb. 2005 and loved it, so of course when I went back this past week for the first time in 4 years, I decided to stay again at the Imperial Palace. After reading some less than stellar reviews, I got a bit worried, though. I'm glad I went with my instinct and not with the lame reviews of the IP. This place is great! It's located in the center of the strip, the staff was great, the rooms were clean (AND CHEAP!), and the casino was a blast! The Dealertainers were so much fun...play blackjack with Tony Orlando, you won't regret it (he dealt until my shuttle showed up, and if it weren't for his tips, I wouldn't walked out of there with more money than I started with)! The rooms were clean. Of course they're dated, but what do I care about that? I just wanted a clean room, clean bed sheets, and clean shower. All of which were available to me. Do not believe the garbage people are saying about the Imperial Palace. Sure, there was a slight wait for elevators during peak hours, but I waited no more than 3 minutes for the elevator at any time. All seemed to be working to me, so I'm not sure why people are still there are many out of order. My opinion, if you're young, and all you want is a clean/cheap room, the Imperial Palace is the place for you. I will stay here again when I go back to Vegas...hopefully it'll be much sooner rather than later.	
Aug 21 2009 	Hotel badly in need of renovation.	I don't quite know how to describe this place. It's the trailer park of the Las Vegas Strip.First of all, the positive of this place is LOCATION! You couldn't pick a better location period. But I have stayed here twice and each time has had its different miseries.The entire hotel and casino in general is extremely dated and dirty. It was probably a nice place back in the '70s or '80s... and it honestly looks and feels as if it has had absolutely maintenance since then!!You have to wait in LINES (long lines - literally) to access the main elevators. I waited once for twenty or thirty minutes. Entire place is congested period. Just checking in can instantly put you in a bad mood.Bar and restaurant staff are not friendly at all. Security, card dealers and other staff members equally unhelpful and most act as if they hate their jobs. Each of IP's restaurants that I have tried have not simply been BAD, but VERY NASTY period. I sincerely hope that some day soon a better chain will purchase this place and do a floor to ceiling renovation. It sucks that the best location on the LV Strip is occupied by such a Hellhole. People say, &quot;it's good for a tight budget&quot; or &quot;it's a good 21+&quot; hotel. I completely disagree. I have stayed cheaper at both Riviera and Treasure Island. As far as being a good &quot;Sin City&quot; adult establishment, it's just a judgment call. You can get anything you want anywhere on the Strip as long as you feel like walking or making a phone call.I'm not giving them a third chance.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great location and not as bad as others say	I was worried about staying here after reading some reviews but we had a great stay overall. It is in the best location, right across the street from Caesers and close to other newer hotels. We had a quick check in at 1pm on a Sunday and they gave us a room that was ready. No big waits with the elevator but they were not all working. Our room was on the 10th floor and was clean and comfortable. We had trouble with our tv the first night and they sent someone up within 15 minutes to fix it. Front desk staff were friendly and helpful as was the concierge. Pool area was not nearly big enough and not much shade so we didn't even use it. Had the breakfast buffet once, lots of choices, service was okay. HIghly recommend renting a car for a day and going to Red Rock Canyon and then to Hoover Dam, it was nice to get off the strip.	
Aug 19 2009 	Fun budget Hotel	Fun and friendly, if your looking for class go elsewhere.This Hotel is great if on a budget even though its allot older than others on the Strip. Central location is perfect for getting around, staff are fun and friendly, food was good. Not as stuffy as some of the bigger hotels with a relaxed atmosphere. Rooms adequate and clean but did feel a little old. Beware if your room is situated out the front of the building as we asked to be moved due to the loud music coming from a tent below which would go on all day until late at night. Once moved to the back of the hotel was lovely and quiet, also lifts can be annoying as they seem to stop on every floor. But for the price and location you couldn’t ask for a cheaper hotel.Also some of the surrounding Hotels are equally budget, but within a short distance of Caesars and other larger hotels. Check out Oshays $1 beer and the leprechaun.	
Aug 19 2009 	Not Worth Your $$$$$$$	It was my second time going to vegas and my first time experiencing it the way it's meant to be seen I was over 21! well, I went with my boyfriend, brother and my best friend and we booked at the Imperial Palace we saw the virtual tour on the website and we thought it looked nice.....well our trip finally came and we were so stoked however, from the minute we walked in we knew something wasn't right...check-in wasn't long however the person who helped us could have been new on the job because he didn't know anything!We were offered a chance to get a upgraded room however we declined it would have been an extra $80.00 and we wanted to save as much money as we can....well we were given our key and then told where our room was well come to find out it was wayyy out on the other side of the casino it overlooked the parking structure...we walked in and were immediately shocked by what we saw the tv was a small 19' television and the TV had a Nintendo 64 controller hooked up to it (that was weird). The carpet was worn and it left black stains on my socks so I learned very early on to keep my shoes on until I went to sleep! The bed was comfortable the room service was great but our first night there we went back to our room and we heard a bunch of people laughing and yelling and it turns out one of them punched out a window and left a trail of blood out on the floor! whoever that was I hope they went to the hospital! It really shocked me and my boyfriend that's not something we really expected. Well the next morning I went into the restroom and the floor was totally wet...the toilet was leaking (disgusting) we called the front desk they said they would fix it but no one ever came to our room! Besides our hotel room being a complete diaster it was a fun trip but I do recommend staying somewhere else it was not worth your money! trust me	
Aug 18 2009 	Great for young people trying to save some $$$	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Imperial Palace Aug 14-17. The location could not better be. It is literally in the middle of the strip. An easy walk to every big casino. We arrived at the hotel at 6:45 pm and only waited 5-10 minutes to check-in. It was very quick. The room was simple, but clean. I only waited twice for the elevator, but I found it quicker to walk down the stairs and only ride up the elevator to avoid the wait. We ate at two restaurants late night at the hotel. Both were ok for late night food. The casino floor was always full of a good crowd, but I never had trouble finding a seat to place a bet. I would definitely stay here again. It was very inexpensive and did not dissappoint me.	
Aug 18 2009 	Not that bad	I was VERY skeptical when we reserved this hotel in Vegas. I was sooo worried about the rooms and the things everyone was saying about it. It is true that you get what you pay for and if you want newer hotel then this is not it. It is not Caesars Palace or the Bellagio but it wasnt that bad. If somehow you end up in the back of the hotel, good luck finding the front, it is a good distance and depending on what time you come in there will be NO ONE to guide you. All in all, it wasn't that bad. We did not eat at any of the restuarants inside the hotel, simple because we were on the go the entire time. The casino was PACKED every night. It was unbearable. Im not sure if it was because of the low table limits or if it was because of the &quot;dealtainers&quot;, they were great. They definitely keep you smiling and laughing. The check-in process was a bit long but the second the line got long, there were 6 desk clerks that came from the back to make the check in speed up. We checked in on a Friday night around 10pm and waited about 35 minutes. The elevators were NO problem, considering how crowded the hotel was and never once did I feel unsafe in them even when it was crowded. They came quickly when we called for them. The room was great. We had room 1893 (2 queens) and it was very clean and tidy. The housekeepers came and did an excellent job each day. I have only one complaint when it comes to the room, the television. It was like a 15 inch tube television with 12 channels, it ------.. Then again, who goes to Vegas to watch television.Overall this hotel wasn't that bad at all. I would definitely recommend it and I definitely would stay there again. If I ever go back there and I need an inexpensive, decent place to stay, this is it.	
Aug 17 2009 	Not as bad as made out to be	This was our 1st stay in Vegas and as we were celebrating our silver wedding anniversary we wanted to spend more of our money on shows and tours so the Imperial palace was the right chose. Having read most reviews expected a long wait to be checked in , this did not happen we flew from the UK and there was only one other couple in front of us. At check in she told us our room number and asked us to make sure we were happy with it as we were staying 10 nights, it was fine not posh but clean and tidy. The maids were good and kept the room clean daily and i asked for extra pillows and got them. Did not have a strip view as were informed could be noisey we were on the 9th floor overlooking the monerail and mountains again ok. We did eat there a couple of times the Tea room average no problems, burger palace yes the burgers a little bit dry but were given plenty of sauces,The buffet only had brunch there fine plenty of choice. Our 10 day stay there was great a very comfitable hotel yes not ceasers not belligio if you want their services then expect to pay for them if all you want is a clean room to lay your head and get out to explore its a great location to be in.	
Aug 17 2009 	Loved it!!!!	I honestly don't get the bad reviews of IP! yeah it's a dive...but a fun dive!We've stayed in bellagio wynn, thehotel and a bunch of other much fancier places but this time we blew the budget on ufc tickets so decided to go cheap with the accom...and we are so glad we did!The rooms were true motel wuality...but you get a balcony!which was pretty cool.The pool music was super loud and everyone seemed to be having a great time...sure it's only a plain smallish pool but it was alot of fun!I think fun is what sums up IP. It was typical kitschy,trashy vegas fun and we loved it. Where else do you get to get dealt blackjack from dolly parton and hug michael jackson?I wasn't brave enough to eat there (one has to exercise caution) but the central strip location for such a good price really cannot be beat...as long as it's around i'm going to stay there for sure!would rather spend the extra money across the road at the forum shops!On the slight downside the place reeeeeeked of years of serious smoking dedication...hallways,non-smoking rooms you name it.If you can't handle that look elsewhere. Like everyone else says elevators were annoying but there's a few sneaky ones round the back that went a little faster...but it was pretty frustratingwaiting up to 10 mins for lifts.The bars in the casino are pretty bad too...head elsewhere to eat and drink!I actually found everyone from check in guy(who stopped for 10 mins to talk to us about australia!) to cleaners sooo polite...much more so than over at some of the fancier hotels...everyone was really lovely and had a big smile for us!even fellow guests were great...especially the super drunk ones in the hallways :)If you are looking for fun vegas at a cheap price look no further than IP!	
Aug 17 2009 	Don't eat there!!!!	If you are looking for the best value on the strip, than the Imperial Palace is great! It was very inexpensive for the great central location. The room had peeling wallpaper, and a constant running faucet. You definately get what you pay for the room. The elevators are definately not well planned. We averaged 15-20 minutes to get from the 10th floor to the lobby. The stay was very cheap, so I suppose drawbacks are to be expected. DO NOT EAT AT THE TEAROOM!!!!!!!!!!!! I went for a bachlorette party, and myself and the bachlorette spent most of our weekend in the drab room with what we think may be a parasite infection from the food at breakfast at the Tearoom. Aside from leaving breakfast with a racing heartbeat and shaking we spent most of the weekend sick to our stomaches in the hotel. It's 4 days later, and I am seeing a doctor in the morning. DO NOT EAT THERE! The hotel in general is a great value if you are on a budget. The location was perfect, so if that is what you are looking for, try a few extra bucks and make your vacation worth it at Caesars Palace across the street. And....if you do stay there......DO NOT EAT THE FOOD!!!!!!.......and please request and extra roll of toliet paper.	
Aug 16 2009 	Quiet Room with No View	We just returned from a wedding trip to LV (not ours). We stayed at the Imperial. Reviews were accurate and helpful. Location was wonderful. Everything is a twenty-minute walk (or 45-minute cab ride). Concierge found us good tickets to a show. Elevators were slow but our non-smoking room (which was actually smokefree) was on the third floor so we just walked down when we were leaving and when we were coming back the slowness was not a big deal. Bathroom was clean although the drain was slow. I did check the linens for hair but they were clean. Plenty of towels and our room faced the parking garage so it was perfect for sleeping at night. Main concern: the lobby was smoky. Many of the newer hotels have MUCH better ventilation systems but it definitely met our neeeds.	
Aug 16 2009 	Never again....	I was getting ready to go to bed around 1:30 AM when I heard a &quot;girgling sound&quot; from the bathroom. I go to the bathroom and that's when I saw the clogged stuff coming from the drain and the bathtub started to fill up with water and all kinds of grime, dirt and all that was gross and colored brown and black!!! It would not stop (and no the tap water was not on), and next thing the bathtub was fillng almost to half of the tub!! I called the front desk and they sent maintenance up. He could not fix the problem obviously it was that big of a problem so he needed to get some more tools. This is now 2:15 Am. We talked to the maintenance guy (he was wonderful and very professional and worked so hard) and decided it was best to be moved.  Called the front desk and asked to be moved, explained the situation to them. Guess what their response was??? &quot;I have no room for you!!&quot; So they told us to ask the maintenance guy how long this was going to take etc.. We talked to the maintenance guy and his immediate response was: &quot;Oh yes they will have a room for you.!!!&quot; Thanks so much for this Mr. Maintenance, we would not have been able to convince the arrogant bunch working at the front desk if it were not for your help.Front desk people said the best they could do was a $15 credit on our food! No thank you we said I needed to use the shower and we could not even use the bathroom. For all is concerned staying in that room with all the filth coming up from the drain was too disgusting of an experience (apparently according to maintenance guy the main pipe connected to other rooms were clogged). So he talked to the front desk and said &quot;YOu have to move these people, this job could take 30 minutes or 24 hours or three days.&quot; The fact that the maintenance guy had to advocate on our behalf speaks to the kind of bad service and dismissive attitude provided by the front desk people. So sure enough they had a room for us. But we waited for three hours until we finally got out of our room, since nobody came up till then to give us the key to another room. We had gone down to get the key ourselves but they instructed us to wait in our room. By the time we got into our new room it was 6AM. Oh, and we did get a $15 food credit. I do question the professionalism of the front desk people and management. The fact that the room was booked through the internet and therefore was on a cheaper rate, does that render then some kind of unequal service that we do not deserved to have our needs and our concerns met particularly on this awful mishap???I have to applaud however the maintenance guy who worked dilligently to have the problem resolved. But two thumbs down for the management.I stayed at another hotel after that. On the way home to the airport I was having a conversation with the shuttle driver and he told me that he has heard terrible things about this hotel. So there you go.	
Aug 15 2009 	Buyer Beware!!!	I booked a package deal through LasVegas.com, and it is true that you get what you pay for. Originally, I booked a “Deluxe Room” which was anything but deluxe. The room reminded me a scene from a horror movie! The bed was hard as a rock, the pillow cases had mascara on them, the room was dirty, and it had a wonderful view of the casino roof. The air conditioner sounded like a low – flying bomber making a final approach. Fortunately we were able to upgrade to a “Suite Room” which was closer to what I has envisioned a deluxe room would look like. The room still was not as clean as we would have liked – but we were comfortable and the housekeeping staff were wonderful, as were all the staff we had dealings with. Dining was also a little different. The buffet had good – average food, but the atmosphere reminded me of a college cafeteria. We ate at the Paris buffet one night and found it much more appealing. DO NOT EAT AT THE OVERNIGHT BURGER BAR! If you do – practice your Heimlich maneuver before doing so. We had cheeseburgers were so dry that we could not finish them. There was no dressing of any type on them, and ketchup was the only condiment available at the self – service area. After tossing them I went to the counter for a soda refill and I noticed the staff had mustard and relish available behind the counter. I asked why they didn’t have it out front for us to use. The answer was “we have it for you behind the counter….cheap, cheap, cheap! The elevators were SLOW AND OUT OF ORDER! We walked down to the lobby to save time, but waited and waited to ride them up to our seventh floor room. We plan to stay somewhere else next time we are in “Lost Wages, Nevada”!	
Aug 15 2009 	I've stayed in better for free	Checking in at the service desk was slow. Employees changed shifts while lines were long, and once they finished their last check-in they simple just walked away never stating &quot;someone will be right with you &quot;. They just let us stand there never acknowledging we were standing there. After getting our key and waiting at least 10 minutes for a elevator to go to our room, we found the carpet was very dirty and filthy. It was the same in the hallways too. The bed spread and curtains were very dull, and faded, and the room was dark. Although the room was over the pool, we requested a room change. The second room was also dirty. The bathroom was not clean, the toilet was dirty. Someone's feces was left on the handle, and along the bottom of the toilet. Towels from previous guest left hanging on the shower, and the tub was dirty. Not to mention 19 inch T.V's Come on now, what hotel still has 19 inch T.Vs. There were no coffeemakers or microwaves in the rooms, and no complimentary coffee in the casino. A non-working ice machine and it's 104 degrees. We eventually requested another room change. We actually had 3 different rooms. The lady at the front desk stated the rooms were all the same, and haven't been upgraged in about 5 years. I have stayed in better hotels for free. Don't fall for the internet photos because the rooms look nothing like them now. I would not recommend this hotel to my worse enemy.	
Aug 15 2009 	Very clean great value brilliant location	I stayed in the Imperial Palace for 2 nights a couple of weeks ago (August 09). Apart from the fact that the elevators did take ages, everything else was perfect!! There were 7 of us and each of the 4 rooms were extremely clean, quiet and very comfortable to stay in. Also, the hotel is in the perfect location- right in the middle of the strip! And as for the price, it was great value! What more could you ask for!? I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 15 2009 	should've stayed at hooters	room was dirty! Parking was a pain. No coffee pot in room, what's up with that? Had to have a pot sent to room 6.00. Elavators very slow. Hotel staff was great. Watch out for people selling timeshares. Met couple who's whole day was ruined dealing with timeshare company for just a free diner. Visited friend staying at Hooters. His room was clean and at a great location.	
Aug 14 2009 	Hotel worked great for us	I was hesitant to stay here after reading the reviews, but couldn't pass up the cheap rates combined with the mid-strip location. This was my 4th trip to Vegas so I knew location was everything, and also that I wasn't going to spend much time in my room. Our room wasn't impressive in any way, it was pretty standard but clean enough. Two beds and a (very small) balcony that overlooked the pool. We had no problems with our bathtub/shower. We had an iron, as well, which worked fine. I can imagine, though, in this older, cheaper hotel the rooms vary quite a bit in cleanliness, smell, etc.The best thing about the hotels is the location, right in the middle of the strip -- across from Caesar's, near the Mirage, short walk to Venetian and all the others. O'Shea's next door is lots of fun if you want to play beer pong or flip cup.The drawbacks to the hotel (I will echo others here) are the elevators. They were extremely slow! We snuck up the stairs on more than one occasion, but the other reviewer's are right, the stairs are usually locked. The parking lot is weird but I flew in so this wasn't a problem (I would highly recommend the airport shuttle if you are arriving alone, it is cheaper than a taxi and stops at most major hotels, though it takes longer).Another thing I like is since the hotel isn't as huge as some of the others, it is easy to quickly pop back up to your room if you're walking up and down the Strip (assuming the elevators cooperate). Plus, you have impersonators at the tables and although they aren't the best, it is entertaining to see who's there. The hotel doesn't have as many amenities as the larger ones (the casino is quite basic, not a lot of dining options, the rock bar &quot;club&quot; in the front wasn't great, etc.), but all the larger ones are close by.And finally, for your night owls, our favorite thing about the Imperial Palace was the $5 late-night breakfast special!! We had this almost every night we were there -- $5 for a full breakfast (pancakes, eggs, bacon, hash browns) -- and it is served late at night. I can't remember the exact hours, probably 2-5 a.m. or something. Great for drunk people coming back to their hotel hungry! (I hope they still have it when I go back this fall!)Oh, and the hotel allowed me to check my bags after checkout in a storage room, as I had a late afternoon flight. This is nice for those in my same situation. And it was free.In short, if you are looking for no frills, cheap and convenient -- and don't plan on spending too much time in your room or your own hotel, the Imperial Palace is a good deal.	
Aug 14 2009 	Do not stay here... ever!	I could go on and on, but I am still so PO'd that reliving it might send me into an apoplectic state; so, I'll keep it short.Other than the fact my sheets were clean (I think), everything else about the hotel was pathetic. Service was lousy, floors were filthy, employees (with two exceptions) seemed to not want to be there, most things didn't work properly (remote control, TV, ice machines, sliding doors on balcony, elevators, drains in bathroom, and so much more), food was awful, beer at bar was warm, and other than that everything else was incredibly unpleasant. The reason for writing this review is that some people claim to have had an OK room; I can't believe that after speaking with people who were staying there, and seeing the sour faces on these people (one person told me that his room opened up into the parking garage; yes, look up room 108 and you'll find he wasn't kidding). So, I don't want anyone falling for internet photos, or reviews from 'friends of the hotel' persuading people to try it - it can cause such a let down to one's entire vacation. I ran into two young guys from England who were miserable because they had a non-cancel clause, not much money to switch hotels, and they found themselves in a stink-hole. A woman told me she had to lay down towels all along the path she took after her shower because she didn't want her feet to touch the carpeting; in my room, the carpet by the sliding doors actually stuck to my shoes.I just hope this serves as a warning to everyone even thinking about saving a few dollars. DON'T DO THIS! And by the way, I am not a prima donna used to staying in 5 star hotels (though I have); when I used to travel a great deal for business, I would stay in Courtyards and Hampton Inns and places like those. The worst Courtyard I ever stayed in would be a ten-fold improvement over this dump.Other than that, I was able to enjoy Las Vegas... by staying away from the Imperial Palace until I needed to sleep.	
Aug 13 2009 	excellent situation and value for money	recently stayed for 6 nights, arrived late evening after long journey and didn't have to wait too long to check in, but did find the check in staff somewhat slow and not overly helpful. Having prebooked non smoking room seveal months in advance arrived only to be told there were non available, and yet other member of staff offering non smoking to someone else!! took room for the night but requested that be moved the next day and room was made available for us. Rooms cleaned daily, beds comfortable. Hotel is in excellent position on strip as central for all hotels and virtually centre so can get to either end with ease. Use the bus - Deuce $7 for 24hr unlimited use, this takes you up and down the strip, really useful to get to the Freemont Street Experience - not to be missed.	
Aug 13 2009 	OK but not really my kinda place	I checked into the IP on friday august 7th to attend a poker tourney at RIO. Check in was quick and was in my room by 11 am. Check in staff were polite and courteous. The room was in need of a refurb but it was clean and spacious. I noticed some things like cracks in the counter and rust stains around the drain but I am not put off by that as some people are. The room is cheap and for center of the strip no one should complain. If you require better accomadations pay better money. I found I was a little out of my element cause I am older and a bit of an early bird and I got up at 4 am one morning to go down to the casino and it was like a college party downstairs with more drunk 20 somethings and numerous fights in the casino.... Oh I remember those days problem is if I did that now I'd be hung over for a week . LOL and I hope I was never as embarrassing as those kids were LOL. If you only knew!!!!! I really enjoyed the casino staff , they helped make my time on the tables fun even if I was losing. The drink service was super , never once did I have to ask for a server. The one big complaint I do have is being an early bird myself I couldn't find a restaurant open in the hotel other than an all night burger joint which wasn't what I was looking for at 430 in the morning. The hotel is definately better suited for 20-30 year olds looking for a fun loose and cheap place to party on the strip. I don't begrudge them ....maybe I am just a little jealous....LOL. Would I stay here again.. probably not , but I do recommend it , for like I said , that 20 - 30 year old college crowd or group looking to party cheap on the strip. Rock on dude !!!!!!	
Aug 13 2009 	Their slogan says it perfectly.	I am a Total Rewards member and was able to book a mid-week stay at Imperial Palace through the TR site for an unbelievably low price. I knew what to expect going in - nothing fancy, and that was true. But my experience overall was very good considering the price I paid. No major problems and only a couple minor annoyances.I stayed in a king bed room with a balcony and pool view. Again, nothing fancy, but everything that you need is there. The bed is fairly comfortable, there is a small 21 inch TV, the lighting is decent. There is a hair dryer and iron and ironing board provided in the room. Best of all, the room was quiet. Besides the room, the casino is decent but not one of my favorites on the Strip. What I've seen other people write about the elevators is very true - an extremely long wait if you try to take the ones next to the casino. I suggest walking further down the hall toward the parking lot, I found the wait to be much shorter there. The parking garage is also a little sketchy, with dim lighting and some foul smells. Last minor complaint - the pool is only open from 9-4:30. I thought these were extremely limited hours. For what I paid, I would have been happy with less than what the hotel offered. I got a clean room for cheap, and the location can't be beaten. Right across from Caesar's Palace in the center of the Strip. The hotel's slogan says it perfectly - &quot;Good fun. Great Value. Perfect Location.&quot; They know how to market themselves. It's nothing fancy, but it's a fine place to stay without spending much or having to worry about driving home (or paying a lot for a taxi ride) after a night on the Strip.	
Aug 12 2009 	You get what you pay for - what a dump	Great location. That is the only good thing I can say about this hotel. Our &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms, which were &quot;recently renovated&quot; were actually renovated about 5 years ago with what looked to be like junk from my grandmother's garage sale in 1985. The furniture was nicked everywhere, and the chairs in the room had stains on them - disgusting stains. There was a tiny TV on top of the bureau which I didn't hang around long enough to see if it even worked. The carpets were vacuumed but filthy, the balcony had bird droppings all over it, and the pool area was sparse - absolutely no atmosphere. The halls had a weird chemical smell which none of us could identify. I was supposed to stay here for 4 nights but said no way, and moved to the Flamingo next door. Yes, the Flamingo was more expensive but worth every single penny, especially since we upgraded to the &quot;newly renovated&quot; rooms which actually WERE renovated beatifully. I'm no high roller but it was my vacation, I was here for 4 days, and no way would I spend it in this [--].	
Aug 12 2009 	Perfect for anyone on a budget	We were not expecting great things from the Imperial Palace as we paid very little for 4 nights here, however what a surprise to have such an awesome room, which had a balcony, two double beds, cable tv, a great bath/shower, huge sink area with massive mirror, and much more. Apart from the decor being a little dated it was very clean and had everything we needed. When you walk outside you are literally opposite Caesars Palace, and so close to everything else, I am still shocked at how cheap it really was! We had a fantastic time staying here, the swimming pool is quite simple but fine for what a pool can be! They had to handle a bit of drama when I was at the pool one of the days when a guy threw some stuff from his balcony at the top as he was locked out, which actually could have caused major harm to anyone below- the security staff and pool staff dealt with this very well and quickly. The only thing they could actually improve on is the speed of the lifts, there are generally queues to go up in them!Make sure you check out the impersonators in the casino, they are hilariously awful :)	
Aug 12 2009 	Could Not Ask For More	I love the I.P. Just returned from a 4 night trip and was not disappointed at all. We arrived very late and our room was not available; were upgraded to a pool side room at no additional cost!! It was a smoking room, but you could not tell or smell old smoke in there. The A/C worked very well. The room was kept clean, the shower was incredible. I will say parts of the hotel are out dated, however it's nothing that even warrants complaining about. Check in was a snap, express check out kept us out of the long lines. The Dealertainers were awesome. We even saw Michael Jackson giving directions to some lost guests. Can't say enough good things about I.P. Perfect location, friendly and helpful staff!! We will be back!	
Aug 12 2009 	Great location but tired rooms...in need of a refurb	I am a travel agent and loved the location of this hotel, but the rooms were very old and in need of a refurb. Bed linen was quite old and balcony doors did not shut in our 1st room. We asked to swap and they gave us another room....again the balcony doors did not close properly (quite noisy at night). We gave up and just settled for the room as we were not planning spending much time there anyway.I tend not to recommend this hotel to my customers now, but it is great if you are on a very tight budget. Spend an extra £50pp and get a nicer hotel, it will make your holiday!	
Aug 11 2009 	Not the best place to stay	Centrally located on the Las Vegas Strip between Harrahs and the Flamingo. This hotel's entrance is set back from the strip and not well marked. I pulled into the parking garage which was also a bit of a maze. After completing this little habitrail experience I then had to make my way back to the hotel and casino area to find the front desk for check in. There was a massive line at check in and it seemed the entire south central LA scene was there. After :45 minutes I was finally able to check in. The hotel staff was friendly and accommodated my room upgrade request without any hassle whatsoever. I stayed in the King Suite. Back through the hotel again to the elevators. The elevators here are dire need of upgrading. They are old and slow and there are regularly lines of up to :10 mins just to wait on an elevator which would show up full. The stairs are useless. As they only let you in at any floor but you can only get out on the first floor. The room was nice and moderately appointed. The TV was a 19&quot; tube TV and the remote had no batteries in it which made it useless as well. The rooms spa tub was massive and could easily accommodate 6 of your closest friends. The sofa in the living room also pulls out into a queen sleeper. As mentioned in other reviews the water drains extremely slowly in the shower/tub so even though you are in a 7'X5' tub you're gonna end up with water around your ankles. The room service menu was missing from the rooms notebook so I had no chance to test it out. The maids here pretty much sucked. They did not clean the room even though I put the sign out. They did come in and exchange the towels but did not do ANYTHING else including make the bed. Internet service is an extra $12.95 per day that is completely unacceptable in this day and age. The pool area was nice as far as being a large rectangle surrounded by concrete. The concrete coating however was very HOT and slippery, bring sandals! The bar area at the pool had lots of drink specials and the waitresses were very nice. The club at the Imperial is called Rock Band but it certainly did not play ANY rock music. The ladies I talked with here said that the guys in the club were overly aggressive and they did not have a good time. Overall not the best and not the worst. The best part about it was the central location.	
Aug 11 2009	Imperial Palace	We first arrived at the Imperial Palace around 4:15 pm. We had to wait about 20 minutes in line before being properly checked in. I thought that this was fine being that it was a Saturday and everyone was trying to get their room. We got to our non-smoking room and it reeked of smoke. I dismissed the smell because the young lady at the desk said that we could do an upgrade tomorrow for free. After getting settled, my husband checked the 9th, 10th and 11th floor for ice and all the machines were out of order. I didn’t want to get irritated, so I called down stairs to ask where I could get some ice. After getting the run around, the manager finally pulled some strings and had room service bring up 2 buckets of ice, for free. Otherwise, they were going to charge me 5 bucks. As far as the room, it was old but despite the smell, it looked clean. The Imperial Palace is just an old hotel all together.The next day, we got our upgrade as promised and found the room was old but very nice. We had a mirror over our bed as well as a mirror over the huge Jacuzzi looking garden tube. It had a couple other nice things about the room as well. One thing that I liked about the hotel was the entertainment. They had several celebrity impersonators working as dealers at the casino and they would also do performances. My favorite was the Michael Jackson one whom really put on an excellent show. In the back of the casino area, they had a couple fast food restaurants, like Burger King or Subway, if you wanted to eat on a lower budget. Also, they had room for Beer Pong and other games. It kind of gave you a variety inside the hotel. As far as the restaurants, we didn’t really get to eat inside because most of the time it was unappealing, closed or about to close. I think that the Imperial Palace is a good place to stay if you are not hung up on luxury accommodations. If you would like a nice clean place to stay and somewhere that people are having fun, try them. It’s in the middle of the strip and not far from a good time.	
Aug 9 2009 	An unforgettable experience!	After parking our car in the parking garage, it took us about 10 minutes to find the check-in desk (as there were poor signs). When we got to check-in, we found it fairly quick and proceeded to the lifts. The lifts were very slow and some out of order (With no signs indicating this). One night we decided that we would use the stairs up to our room as we were only on the 5th floor and would be quicker, only to find the door locked when we reached our foor (this was the case for all floors). When we went back down the stairs we found the same people STILL waiting for the lifts!When we decided to get some ice, we found that the ice machines were broken and that the only ice machine that was working was on floor 8. This meant everyone cramming in the lift with ice buckets to the 8th floor!The shower was very powerfull, however, the water took about 10 minutes to run down the plug so you couldnt work out if you were showering or bathing.The room was good for the price..after all, you only really wash and sleep in it. The casino also smelt of stale smoke. Not sure i would want to stay here again. Will try out some of the other hotels.	
Aug 9 2009 	Good price and... on the Strip!	Good prices during the weekend considering you will be on the Strip in front of the Ceasar Palace (Friday-Saturday prices become very high in all famous hotel nearby).It is not a recent renovated hotel, but it is clean and staff is very helpful to satisfy your needs. I've been in Capri buildings 1 night (little motel inside the Imperial palace) and the room was very spacious and clean, but outside the door you have the garage and you have to walk through it to arrive inside the main hotel..btw this was not a big issue for me. 2nd night I've been in a suite of the Imperial palace, very spacious, with a big round dirty bath inside the room :-(So if you just want a clean hotel on the Strip with an affordable price this is for you!	
Aug 8 2009 	Good 	4 women from Iowa traveled to the hottest place in the US for 3 days/4 nites thru Allegiant Airlines. None of us knew what to expect, all that mattered was memories were to be had and a great time doing so. We arrived very late in the evening, with no shuttle or check in problems. Our 12th floor room was located near the elevator and was clean and cool, and surprisingly, very quiet. The bed was comfortable and we always had clean towels. The Impersonators on the casino floor were a hoot and access to the rooms is easily loacted from the Casino front entrance. Yes, we had issues with ice, the entire place is outdated, and the elavators worked 1/2 the time, but if your plans are to actually enjoy LV, then none of this should matter. There is no better location than HERE, unless you are at the hotels across from or beside the Imperial. Shops, eateries, casinos, all easily accessible. I would highly suggest to first get a $15, 3 day pass on the Deuce double decker bus and you can get on and off the strip and downtown, it runs 24hrs. OR walk. I would probably stay here again knowing that I would be just as busy as I was this trip. The beds were very comfortable, the room was cool, the price was right, and that's all I required on this trip. We had a lot of fun even in the 110+ temps! A trip is what you make it! :)	
Aug 5 2009 	Loved it !!	i stayed in room tr1619 from july 20th to june 23rd, my room looked like the online pics,and had all necessities,the most i waited for the elevator was 2 minutes.great location,staff and price.waited in check out line less than 30 minutes which is great if you have 20 people in front of you.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good Casino Horrible Hotel	First of all they have what they like to call the &quot;capri&quot; building and no one informs you until you arrive there that that means a motel in the back of the hotel. There is horrible cell phone service back there, there was hair in the shower of my first room, the TV did not work there are no bars to hang washcloths and towels, yet they ask you to help them preserve water buy reusing them. After I paid $20 to upgrade to be in the actual Imperial Palace Hotel, the room was identical to that of the motel so what did I upgrade? A quicker trip to the casino? The best thing about them is their location, and their overall layout which is easier to maneuver than some of the other casinos.	
Aug 4 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	After much reluctance in booking a stay at the IP (I had heard a LOT of bad reviews about this place), my boyfriend and I were set to experience what the IP had to offer. We had booked a Luv Tub room for 3 nights at $80/night for the end of July, and after waiting 45 minutes to check in and tipping the front desk clerk $20 bucks, we were given a KING SUITE. Sweet!! The line to check in was, granted, long, but the check-in process took no more than 10 minutes. So that was pretty good. After a walk that seemed to take forever, we finally reached the elevators. Just as I expected, only 2 were working. I found it rather entertaining to see a group of people waiting for 5-15 minutes for the elevator to come, only to have 50 people making a mad rush into the elevator before the doors close.We finally got to our room, and I was pretty impressed with the condition of the room. Sure, it may not be furnished beautifully like the rooms at Wynn or the Bellagio, but it was adequate. The Luv Tub was ginormous. My 6'3&quot; boyfriend could almost lie down without bending his knees on the bottom of the tub! There was also a separate living room with a sofa bed, which I found pretty nifty. We even had our own balcony, too. Not much of a view, though, unless you like some old half-naked man watching you from across. We were way up on the 17th floor so the noise level was very minimal. No complaints there. The casino was all right. I greatly disliked the amount of cigarette smoke in it (but then again, cigarette smoke is found in every Vegas casino, ha)..it just felt like there was 10x more smoke at the IP. Anyway, there were a lot of low-limit tables and games about which we found to be ideal since we're poor college students trying to find a game that won't make us any poorer.The Dealertainers were super friendly and some of them were very talented, even though a few looked NOTHING like who they were supposed to impersonate. Props to them for being awesome singers, though. I was quite entertained. Didn't try their buffet. It looked pretty empty, so I kinda took the hint that it was something I didn't want to invest my stomach in.Overall, it's a pretty decent hotel. It's old and in desperate need of a face lift, but hey, you do get what you pay for. The location of the hotel is so so convenient. Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, and other 5-star resorts are a 5-minute walk away. Now, how awesome is that? If you don't mind a little normal wear-and-tear, ridiculously slow elevators, and that old, corny Vegas charm, then the IP is the place for you. Plus, the IP is super cheap considering most visitors spend an average 5 hours in the room each day. It was definitely a good value.	
Aug 3 2009 	I'll stay at IP next time I'm in Vegas	My sister and I stayed 3 nights the end of July. We had to wait in line about 10 minutes to check in. People seem to complain about the elevators, but we never had to wait more than 5 minutes for one, and that was only 1 time. We were on the 7th floor poolside. I liked going out on the balcony to watch what was going on at the pool. Everyone seemed to be having a fun time. The casino was smoky but hey it is a casino. It was stuffy inside the casino as well, but I found it to be that way in most of them. Caesers Palace was the worst! I thought I would die before I got out of there! I think the A/C in the casino's were having problems dealing with the unusual humidity being experienced by Vegas while we were there. We ate breakfast in the Teahouse 2 mornings and the food was decent and a fair price. The room was fairly clean and I thought the bed was nice and comfortable. I like that IP is right in the middle of the strip. I would definitely stay there again. It was exactly what we were looking for.	
Aug 3 2009 	You could do better.	It was cheap. $98.00 for 3 days, but you get what you paid for. It is Las Vegas of course and you will be paying for everything. I was surprise to have to pay for shuttle pick up, fitness facilities, and internet access. You have no plans of staying in the hotel while you there anyway so if your looking for something very inexpensive and don't need all the simple things to make your life easier. This is the hotel for you. I have to do more research anyway, this was just a quick vacation. Next time I return to Vegas I will splurge a little.	
Aug 1 2009 	Still a good value	Wife and I got the &quot;luv tub&quot; room and liked it very much. The room was very comfortable and the air conditioning worked well even with the 105degree weather. The room was clean and we had no problems with the service.The best features of this hotel were the center-strip location, and the low price.One down side was the really long wait to check in. We checked in about 5:00 pm on a Friday and the line was REALLY long. They had a security guard to keep people under control and plenty of desk workers, so the actual wait was about 40 minutes - much shorter that it first appeared.Another down side is the slow and overcrowded elevators. At certain times it seemed impossible to get an elevator. We finally found another bank of lesser-used elevators that were a longer walk away, but still a shorter wait.The casino is not really very big, but very popular (and crowded). Michael Jackson may have something to do with it's popularity.Parking was convenient, only because we rented a small car that could get into tight spaces. The parking garage is not well suited to large vehicles because of the tight turns and narrow parking spaces.	
Aug 1 2009 	If you are looking for Price and Place	I stayed 6 days in this hotel. I seems it is one of the oldest hotels of las vegas. Old fashion, Old style. if you are looking for price and you want to be close to everything this should be your choice. But you get what you pay. Low Price, low service and low luxury. The room was clean. I was all day out of the hotel and I never used any of the ammenities, like the swimming pool. I only went back every day to sleep.	
Aug 1 2009 	great service great value great location	This hotel is ideally situated for everything on the strip.The service is terrific especially the waitreses.Watch the dealertainers they are very good.This hotel is not big by Vegas standards but is very homely.The staff are very helpful and polite.Lots of Penny slots to keep any one happy.Overall a brilliant holiday.	
Aug 1 2009 	Wouldn't stay here again	There's a reason that the Imperial Palace is one of the cheapest hotels on the strip and that is because it's one of the oldest hotels on the strip, and it shows! Lets get the bad stuff out of the way first: First thing is the decor, I swear this place hasn't been re-modeled, repainted, re-carpeted, re-tiled or re-anything since it was built. Only half of the elevators work and are very slow. The carpeting throughout the entire hotel is dirty, torn and tattered. The paint on the walls is yellow due to all the nicotine and cigarette smoke which tells me that the ventilation system is out of whack. The rooms are clean however our air con unit was very noisy, our shower didn't drain until 10 minutes after showering, the balcony door didn't lock, there is no mini fridge in the room (that's a tough one to figure out) and again the decor is ancient. We had a room facing the strip on the 10th floor and I have to warn you that if you turn in before 3am don't count on any sleep before then because there is a bar right below the hotel that plays live music turned up to infinity until that time. Thank God we only retired to our room 1 night at around 1am. We also took notice of room service trays/dishes sitting in the hallway for 2 days before being picked up, can you say cockroaches, yikes! The pool is way to small for the size of the hotel and most of the deck chairs are broken. The restaurants are overpriced for what you get and they're tricky to find. We only ate at the hotel twice, once for breakfast and once for lunch. Now on to the good points: 1)Location is excellent. Center strip, but then so are a lot of other hotels. Ceasars is right across the road and so is the Mirage. 2)The monorail is right out the back door of the hotel and this connects you to other hotels along the strip from the Sahara at one end to the Luxor at the other. 3) The staff are all very courteous and helpful. Check in only took about 10 minutes and the maids always had a good morning for us. 4) The dealertainers are a blast especially the Britney Spears one that made my time at the blackjack table well worth while!In all honesty what the owner(s) of this hotel need to do is spend some of that cash they're raking in and level this place and build a new Imperial Palace, seriously! The place really is a dinosaur! They could build a new hotel that would rival any place on the strip. If your looking for a throwback to the early seventies then stay here but if you want something a whole lot better for not a whole lot more stay somewhere else. When we return to Vegas we will be staying at Treasure Island, Mirage, the Wynn, the Encore, the Venetian or Ceasars, anywhere but the Imperial Palace!I hope this review helps you in your decision.	
Aug 1 2009 	Do you expect any better for the price?	We have stayed at the Imperial Palace 3 times now. We really enjoy the atmosphere. Yes, it's smokey. Yes, it's older. But what do you expect when you pay so little. Imperial Palace is right in the middle of the strip. you are so close to other Casinos, shopping, and dining. We were not happy (with the view) so they changed our room 2 times. Now that's service! We like this hotel for affordability and location. How often do you actually stay in your room anyway.	
Jul 31 2009 	NEVER AGAIN !	Our first time to Las Vegas.. Expecting something wonderful from the reviews that had been previously read on this site.. Couldn't have been more wrong!The whole Casino-Hotel needs a facelift.. Lifts slow and often out of order.. Ice machines aways empty as with no mini fridge's in room (unless you pay an extra $10 a nite) ppl bring their eskies and fill them up with the ice..leaving no more ice !!! Food avail in the Hotel limited..No buffet breakfast,, Staff tired and overworked..Wallpaper comming off the walls, skirting boards kicked in with no attention to repair.. Pool area small and over-crowded no cover from the intense heat of July.. Perfect for young ppl who don't care about a little comfort.. As for us, and everyone I spoke to while staying there.. We will never stay here again..and I would never recommend this Hotel to anyone ..	
Jul 31 2009 	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!	When I first arrived, I waited for about a half an hour to check in. The line at the front desk is always long, no matter what time you walk by. Finally checked in and went to the elevators, and called the elevators, it took about 10 minutes for an elevator to come down. Went to my room and the iron was missing! So I called front desk and they asked if they may send someone up &quot;now&quot; with a new one. &quot;Now&quot; meant half an hour! before somebody came! The iron was ancient and the ironing board was so dirty that I had to put a towel over it, to iron my clothes. The iron was basically lukewarm, couldn't iron my clothes with it and opted for the old-school steamy shower method. That was the only time front desk picked up the phone when I called for the rest of the trip! In the evening we tried getting ice, the ice machine was broken. We tried the ice-machines on the 6 and 7th floor as well, with no luck. Upon reaching front desk, my friend was told to try the 4th floor! The funny part was, that in the evening you would see people running around the hotel with ice-buckets! We were there for 4 days and every day we had to use the ice-machine on a different floor. We asked for extended check-out on our last day and yet they still proceeded to lock us out after 11 o'clock. Called front desk to send somebody up with a key, and 15 mins later, no one showed up. My friend flipped out because she needed to catch a flight and decided to go downstairs and &quot;raise hell&quot;. Well, as she was going down on the elevator, it got stuck!!!! I talked to a few locals, one of them did some electrical work for Harrah's (which owns the Imperial Palace) and said he would never eat anything at these hotels ever again! Another local told me that it is and I quote &quot;The most ghetto hotel in Vegas! You're better off staying at a motel&quot; Take my advise and stay at Excalibur if money is an issue, although it's a little bit further down the strip, it'll save you lots of headaches!	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Location	From a person who has stayed in many hostels, Imperial Palace is a dream. I opted to upgrade and recieved a king size bed. The air-conditioning worked very well considering it was 110 outside. The room was clean, well maintained. The best part was the location, right in the middle of the strip. You didn't have to walk too far to get cheap booze/meals/gambling as the hotel was ok for that but other places were better. I would recommend for anyone to stay here as long as they are not expecting the hilton. Checking in and out took no more than 5mins.	
Jul 30 2009 	You get what you pay for	Although the IP is a great location, and a great deal, my husband and I are willing to pay more in the future for a better hotel. When we got there, we waited for about 45 minutes to check in. The elevators took forever and were crowded the entire 4 days we stayed there. Elderly people were also waiting with their walkers in hand, to go down on the elevators, since they couldnt go down the stairs. What if there was a fire? These people wouldnt make it out alive. All of the elevators didnt even work. The ones that did, the doors kept getting stuck or they couldnt move. EVERYONE was complaining. Anyhow, our &quot;deluxe&quot; room this year was way worse than our standard room last year. None of the ice machines worked. A man came down from the penthouse because his didnt even work. The rooms were as clean as they could be i guess. Beds were uncomfortable, you could feel the springs all night long. The bathroom looked outdated, but the water pressure in the shower was great. We could have changed rooms, but to noisy ones facing the stip. We declined. All I can say is, you get what you pay for. It is very affordable and a great location, but thats about it. We wont be back.	
Jul 29 2009 	Could have been a lot worse	After reading the past reviews of this hotel, I was a bit concerned with what I would find upon my arrival. I was traveling with my daughter and meeting some friends who were staying at another hotel. I booked my reservations in April and had a &quot;non cancellation&quot; clause attached to my reservation. ....so some of the reviews scared me because we were staying for 4 nights. I mentioned this to the receptionist at check in and she gave us a nice room. My biggest concern was the cleanliness of the room, and I would like to start by saying that I was pleasantly surprised to find myself on a non- smoking floor that didn't have that lingering smoke smell that is often found in hotels, plus the room was very clean. The hotel is older, so the bathroom needed a little repair (sink crack), but it was still clean., and the maid came in daily to check on our supplies and make the beds. Our room had a little balcony that overlooked the pool and provided some free entertainment ; the music from the pool was upbeat, as were the poolside games. In the evenings, the room and hallway were both quiet. The free entertainment in the casino was excellent. We thoroughly enjoyed the impersonation shows and attended Human Nature, a motown review show that was awesome The concierge, Ryan, got us tickets in the front row, and we had a blast during the high energy show. The hotel is centrally located near all of the big attractions. We did find the buffet here to be lacking compared to others we have eaten at, but again, the price was lower. We had dinner at Toby Keith's bar and grille right next door and walked the block to Margaritaville and to watch the Bellagio water show. Caesars Palace and Forum are right across the street as well. The monorail runs from this hotel, so there is access to any hotel on the strip.....excellent location for the price!!!Okay, now for the downfalls.....only 2 out of the 4 elevators worked and they were always packed or very slow in coming; luckily we were on the 4th floor and used the stairs quite a bit. The same thing goes for the ice machine.....there was NO ice on our floor, and I had to trek the different floors to find ice, I actually believe only 3 floors had ice at any given time. ....kind of a necessity during the month of July! If you don't mind the inconvenience of ice hunting and using stairs, then I would say go for this hotel.Overall I would give this hotel a good rating for the price.....basically, you get what you pay for. If you want fancy pay the bigger dollar and head to one of the newer, bigger hotels. I think asking for a nice room at the beginning helped.....get the pool view!	
Jul 28 2009 	Don`t be misled by negative reviews	My wife and i spent a week here after getting a cheap deal despite reading some negative reviews.What we found was a Hotel with a fantastic location right in the middle of the strip,rooms are clean and well serviced,staff are friendly and helpful. OK it`s not Caesars or the Bellagio or the MGM but more than good enough. Bettys Diner,Burger Palace and The Tearooms have good food at reasonable prices but in our opinion stay clear of the Pizza Palace all you can eat pasta as it was absolutely rank !.You really need to get out and about and prepare for some serious walking as Vegas is HUGE. Take advantage of the Deuce bus service which runs every 8-12 minutes and will take you all along the strip and further a field for $7 for a day ticket but make sure you visit Fremont which is on the bus route and is an absolute must for all your Vegas souvenier tack !!!!!! but a great light show and all the original Vegas hangouts,we can highly recommend the Bay Street Diner located in the Golden Nugget Hotel and Casino,Have fun	
Jul 27 2009 	Worst Hotel I've Ever Stayed In	I could not wait to leave this hotel. The elevators are unsafe, slow, kept stalling....a real hazard. There isn't even a coffee pot in the room....a very cheap place, indeed...and not clean. No matter what the rate...it is too high.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great value	I stayed at the Imperial Palace with my partner for five nights the week of July 4th and was a little leary after reading some not so good reviews. However, I know you have to take the best ones and the worst ones and just disregard them and go with those in the middle. You certainly can't please everyone. So I was pleasantly suprised. The hotel was a little gaudy, but nice and clean. And I found the staff there nicer and more pleasant than at any other hotel we visited during our stay. The rooms were clean, of average size and competely adequate. I was led to believe by Travelocity that our room would have a 42&quot; plasma television, which it did not. And when I called the front desk, they said they didn't have any rooms with 42&quot; tv's. And of course, it wasn't printed in my Travelocity itinerary, so beware of that. We went to the Luau that they have at the pool every Tuesday and Saturday and it was relaxing and fun. Not the greatest show, but worth the low cost. We got the VIP seating for this and were right up front. It included open bar, but they didn't allow you to order any top shelf booze in your drinks. I thought the pool was just fine, though it is ranked as one of the worse in Vegas. It of course is just a square pool, but I don't require anything fancy. Just some water, a bartender, towels and a lounge chair. I also had my lunch at the pool one day and it was very good and very reasonable. They offer 2 for 1 drinks at the poolside bar every day, each day is a different special. We ate at the Burger Palace and wasn't too impressed with that. We also had a few meals at the Teahouse which I thought was very good. We didn't try the buffet here because of the bad reviews. The dealertainers were just wonderful, it was quite entertaining even if you weren't playing cards at the time. Regarding the elevators, we were in a section of the hotel that uses the room elevators closest to the front desk, which aren't as busy as the main ones. We never waited more than two minutes for the elevators. So I would recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking for a bargain hotel in Vegas. That is pretty much what it is, nothing fancy, but a clean room with a comfortable bed with adequate space for two people.	
Jul 27 2009 	Always a good time	I have never had a bad experience at this hotel. They have always been friendly and nice to me. The hotel is a little confusing but once you have been there a time or two you know whats going on. The dealertainers are always a good time. The elevators do take a little bit longer then I would like. But the location is amazing. You coudlnt ask for a better spot. Every room i have stayed in has been clean and people talk about how cheap it is....well you dont pay very much for a room are you thinking you are going to get a 5 star room? I love the IP they have always treated me very well and give me GREAT comps.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Location even better Price!	I have stayed at the Imperial Palace on three occasions and was happy with our rooms. For the amount of time we spend in our rooms it was comfortable and clean.We have stayed in the upgraded suites which we throughly enjoyed. Two Tv's couches and clean bathroom. The hotel and casino staff were awesome and extremly helpful. The only negative was the Timeshare vultures near the elevators......too pushy! I recommend this to all first time visitors as you cannot beat the price and location of The Imperial Palace.	
Jul 26 2009 	Imperial Palace? Try "Imperial Prison".	Seriously, I thought perhaps I had committed some terrible atrocity and was being punished. Okay, not really, but this hotel is awful. I had stayed here previously in 2003, and I honestly remembered the hotel as being no-frills but certainly not horrible. Alas, this time--I can safely say that no matter what a &quot;good value&quot; it might be, I am never staying there again.It's July in the desert, for one thing, but you'd never know it in the hotel. All the common areas were stuffy and hot, including the corridors, the elevators, and the stairwell. Why were you in the stairwell, you might ask? That would be because the elevators--all sixteen of them--were either slow or out of service (were there any signs indicated this service problem? No.), and while taking the stairs down isn't a problem, let's just talk about how much fun dragging four pieces of luggage down eleven flights of stairs is. It's not fun at all. :( Also, there was puke in the hallways from the night before, which added to the ambiance in a way I could do without. When I emerged from my journey down the stairwell with all my luggage, it was in a back alley outside the hotel, which meant dragging my luggage all the way round and going back inside the hot, stuffy lobby. I was never as happy as I was when the cab took us to Caesar's Palace (we booked IP because it was a cheap room on the strip on a Saturday night, before our much better deal at Caesar's started on Sunday). Additionally, the rooms are boring and beige. I'm not sure what is &quot;Imperial&quot; about this in the slightest. The pillows were ridiculous, too! They were more like a sack of hair than a pillow. Save yourself the trouble and either pay a little more for a better hotel, or book somewhere farther away and stay at the Motel 8. This place is seriously not worth the money (also, the pool closes at 5, wtf?) unless you think dragging your luggage down the stairwell is a fun time....	
Jul 26 2009 	friendly not over the top.	have stayed 5 times and would not go anywhere else. Geisha bar very friendly and hasnt changed - still same staff which says a lot. Betty's coffe shop - scrummy cakes! all floor staff very helpful and pleasant- maybe because we are Scottish! Don't go for expensive casinos - you pay for the glitz and VERY small drinks!!	
Jul 26 2009 	Will NEVER stay here again!	I read a lot of the reviews for the this place and decided to book because of the price and location.. unfortunately, the worst thing about this hotel wasn't mentioned in any of the posts I read. It began to rain Monday evening while we were driving back from the south end of the strip and by the time we pulled into the parking garage entrance, a very rude security guard first told us the garage was closed because of flooding and we couldn't go in. When my hubby told him this is our hotel, the guard tells us we could pay for valet parking and when this didn't fly with my husband, the guard gave us a long babel of directions to get to the back entrance so we could park. We get there, it's blocked, I call the hotel, he gives me &quot;employee parking&quot; directions which lead to the Harrah's parking garage, we get out, realize we are still on the other side of the gushing river flowing through the Imperial garage so would have to walk around the entire block to get to the entrance, my 3 year old is crying because he scared, my hubby calls the hotel again and the same guy tells us there is a security guard flagging people through to the garage, but we are standing here STARING at said guard telling people they can't go in. After we hang up, the hotel guy comes out (now realizing no one is being allowed in, though not admitting it during the call), talks to the guard and they go stand in the RIGHT place to flag people into the garage. I read this happens every time it rains and the hotel refuses to do anything about it, even though 2 other hotels that had similar problems have spent the $ to fix it. Needless to say, the lady at check-out didn't bother asking me how my stay was. This is a video of what it looked like.. it's not even my video but change daytime to nighttime and it's exactly the same. We were even stranded on the side of the river where the video was taken: [--]Other CONS:-Smelled like sewage every time I turned the faucet on -Waited a minimum of 4 minutes, as much as 10 minutes, for the elevators-Long walk from parking to check-inPROS:-Good location	
Jul 24 2009 	Smoky	Room was smoke free but it was too smoky walking through the casino and you can't get anywhere if you don't. Consierage was good! One day we had no maid service!	
Jul 24 2009 	i would stay here again	I have stayed here for bout six year and have stood in other hotels sure no hotel is perfect but location is great rooms great for the stay clean and stocked ya elivators are slow but those are the ones by the shops there are other ones that are lot faster just need to look on the maps gambling is good low limit tables and the bar out side is fun casino at night is fun there is entertainment that make it fun i walk in to other casinos at night and not as fun compared to IP and the price is great for us non high rollers i have stayed at luxor and excaliber and mgm and other but i would rather stay were its right in the middle of the strip and not were half my money is tied up in a 5 star hotel were here to have fun and get away from everyday life and no one is really in there room but to shower and sleep and that only for a few hour if your here just to sleep and stay in just one hotel you should just stay at home. Ill be back at IP on the july31 for sure here i come	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Location	I took my daughter for her 21st birthday and was worried about the hotel I had chose. We loved the location of the hotel the best. The check in took a bit but they had a lot of people working and were doing there best so we were patient and it paid off. The room was clean and our balcony was overlooking the pool which was very nice. The only thing bad I ccould stay would be the elevators. Very slow! But other than that everyone was very nice and helpful. We did not encounter any rude workers just a couple of travelers. I would probably stay somewhere else next time just to have another experience but would recommend this hotel to anyone. I would recommend to eat else where. The food was not that good and very expensive. But, there are very close places to eat.	
Jul 23 2009 	Only reason to stay is location/price	We kinda knew what to expect when we booked a room at the IP for one night in July. However, we wanted to stay right off the strip without spending all our money on the hotel. We got our room two hours after the check in time and were downgraded to an older room which had not been renovated for quite some time. At least we were compensated with a voucher that almost covered entry to the great dinner buffet at the IP. Be prepared for hour long check in lines and poor service from tired staff. The location is spot on perfect, though. Stay only if you want good location at low price and don't care much about the hotel standard.	
Jul 22 2009 	good hotel Great location and price we would definitely stay again	This was our third visit to Las Vegas and we have stayed at Harrahs for the past two years so this year we tried the Imperial Palace as it was half the price of Harrahs and for a change. There was no waiting time to check in and the Room was as good as Harrahs everything was nice and clean and the room was cleaned and fresh towels placed every day. The only slight problem was the elevators there were plenty to choose from but as they are quite small you had to wait a while for one to fit into to arrive. All the staff were friendly and the breakfast buffet was especially good in one of the restuarants. We would definitely stay here again and we stayed for 9 nights without any complaints.	
Jul 21 2009 	rotten check out attitude	i have stayed a number of times at the Imperial Palace because it is centrally located on the strip. However this last time, i could not believe when i checked out of the hotel, how rude and discourteous the hotel clerk was. I do not know what her problem was but she was so rude that i have decided that with the economy the way it is, i dont have to tolerate such ill mannered and rude behavior from a hotel employee As a result , i will never stay at the Imperial Palace again	
Jul 21 2009 	Excellant value for money and great location!	We stayed for 14 nights in the Imperial Palace - a long time for Vegas but never a dull moment. We got a taxi from the airport cost 30 dollars it would be difficult to find the hotel otherwise - on the strip the front of the hotel is the Rockhouse Club which is part of the hotel. You drive by the side of this to the hotel lobby. A wait of about 20 minutes to check in and we were upgraded without asking to the main building. The hotel is a little tired but excellant value and the staff very helpful and cheerful. The place was clean and tidy and gets a little rowdier over the weekends but all good fun. You can get into the Rockhouse nightclub free before midnight if you show a hotel room key and ladies drink free on Thursdays from 10pm. The pool are is also good fun - DJ plays on some days but doesnt start until after 11.30am - good idea when having so many late nights - even though we had view of the pool from our room the room seems very well sound proofed. The layout of the hotel is a little confusing but again added to the fun - everyone was in the same position - the lifts can also result in a wait but this was worse on the morning of our checkout - everyone wanting to use them at the same time. The location was incredible - walking distance to everywhere and the monorail is closeby if needed. All in all good value not the plushest hotel in the world but who spends all their time in the hotel room.	
Jul 21 2009 	Imperial Palace - No I mean Imperial DUMP!!	There can be no worse, ugly, dirty, old, disgusting hotel in the US. than the Imperial Palace in Vegas. If there is, I pitty the people staying there. This place is across the street from Caesar's- so it has a great location- but what a DUMP!This place needs to be blown-up and I mean soon!!Bad rooms, bad casino, bad food- it's HORRIBLE!!Do not stay here unless you are a bum or hobo!!	
Jul 20 2009 	29 BUCKS A NIGHT--29 MILES IN THE HOTEL	For $29 in a fantastic location, no one should gripe. But, we did have to walk an amazing distance from the (free) self parking garage, through the casino to the front desk, then back through the casino to the elevators, then down a LONG hallway to our room. The room was clean and well-done, a typical hotel room, nothing fancy, but decent. The buffet was closed on the Monday we were there, so we went next door to Harrah's for a $16.95 buffet (get the coupon from the IP) which was fine. We were able to walk to the Treasure Island show and enjoy the sights on the strip because of our location. The Internet is $6 per hour. The pool closed at 6 p.m. (what was that about???---the concierge didn't even know). Our advice: get a room near the front of the hotel near the elevators. You will save some steps.	
Jul 20 2009 	I WILL NEVER STAY OR PLAY THERE AGAIN!!! NICKLED AND DIMED ME!!!	We went to vegas for my girlriend's 21st birthday. she wanted to stay at IMPERIAL PALACE (IP) because she stayed there before and thought it was a good affordable place to stay. well she was wrong, it was cheap. here is what I didn't like...1) room smelled like mildew, I think it was from the a/c but it went away after turning on the a/c brought in fresh air. so that was okay but not pleasant.2)the elevators take a very long time to pick anyone up. I would say about the longest we waited was at least 5-10 min every time. wasn't that busy of a weekend. sometimes when the elevators came quickly they were packed with people to the point that the overweight buzzer was always coming on.3)when I would talk to front desk or concierge, they were helpful but not nice or friendly. not a talkative group of people. now here is where I really got upset and annoyed...4) THE POOL CLOSES AT 5 PM EVERYDAY! who the hell closes their dinky little pool and spa area so early. when I called and asked about the pool, they said that it was closed at 5pm ( this was around 6 ), and when I asked if there was a reason why ( thinking maybe there was some kind of show or party or luau or something), the lady said no. then I asked why and she said because thats how they do things at the IMPERIAL PALACE. very upsetting when someone answers you like that.5) at just about 3 am the fire alarm starts sounding off. its very loud and annoying, thats a good thing when theres a freaking fire! but when there isn't a fire and everyone is getting woken up, they need some kind of control over the alarm. so I call the front desk and ask about whats going on and the guy said that its a false alarm and they are investigating, please disregard. so then I asked if its some kind of test or alarm checking and then he very rudely tells me to relax and its not their fault its going off, they didn't do it. I was very upset and very offended so I just called him an ---hole and then hung up. so the alarm continues to sound on and off for an hour, between 3-4 am. woke up late because of that, so I called the front desk and asked for a late check out til 1, they said only til 12 or they would charge me 29.95 for an hour. ------ ME OFF! AND I WAS VERY TIRED FROM THE WHOLE ALARM SOUINDING OFF FOR AN HOUR...6) I thought that when you are playing video poker games at the bar tops the drinks were free, well i guess not at the IP. had to pay for all of them while I was playing and spending money. mind you the drinks are small and weak and exspensive. HATED IT!6a) I had bought one of those big plastic cups from the stirp. so I decided that I would fill it up with my own alcohol and needed just a little bit more soda, so I asked the bartender for a just a little bit and he said that he can only give me a cup of soda for $3. are you kidding me, you can't spare soda without charging me up the --- ( NICKEL AND DIMING)... I'm not being a cheap guy, I just figure there is a small give when your taking all my money at a high rate. heres the most upsetting and most important fact...7) when checking out I told the check out clerk about my stay and she said, &quot;that'll be $200 please.&quot; she didn't apologize, discount or say anything. just acted like she didn't care and wasn't going to do anything about it.so needless to say I'm very upset and even more disappointed with the IP's costumer service. but I will say that the game floor and shows were good and very fun. I liked that part. from now on I'm staying at the FLAMINGO and BILLS. perfect location and reasonable prices and the costumer service is fun, friendly, flexible, negotiable and very talkative people and I'm very happy with them.	
Jul 19 2009 	great centre strip location!	We had purchased a 3 day Vegas/Grand Canyon package that included the IP as accomodation. I was a bit worried that it would be a crap hotel, but it was perfect for our sight-seeing. Right bang in the middle of the strip! Venturing out at all times of the day was so easy.Check in did have a long queue, they had at least 4 customer service reps opened, maybe they should look at opening more if they queue is growing? Our room was located on the twelth floor right at the back, this was the part I probably didn't like the most. Getting in and out of the hotel took soooo long, factoring in waiting for the elevator! I guess this is where 'budget' travellers are put. Apart from this, the hotel room was clean, serviced daily, a bit small but it's ok for sleeping, beds were comfortable, bathroom was old looking but everything still functioned well. We also ate once at the Teahouse restaurant inside the hotel because we were so hungry and tired (couldn't be bothered venturing out in the sweltering heat). Was quite expensive for 2 sandwich/fries meals + 2 soft drinks, so if you can, go outside to eat for better taste and value!Since there is so much choice in Vegas, I probably would not stay here again purely just to experience something else, but it was a great budget hotel room for unbeatable location.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Location great value hotel.	We stayed here in June 2009 and had a brilliant time,the hotel is perfectly situated in the middle of the strip, the hotel is very clean and there is a great atmoshere here that you don't get as much in the other hotels. Would reccomend to anyone wanting to go to vegas on a budget as the price for the rooms are very cheap.	
Jul 18 2009 	Fantastic location great value...but not perfect	So here's the thing. I keep coming back to this hotel for two simple reasons: There is no hotel at a better location on the Las Vegas Strip. Imperial Palace is the dead-smack center of the Strip, and every single hotel and casino that's famous on the strip is an easy walk. You can be at any of these in 60 seconds: O'Sheas, Bill's, Caesar's, Harrah's, Casino Royale, Flamingo. You can be Venetian in 5 minutes. It's really just the most prime location in all of Vegas, and for that, I will forgive much. And the price is right. If you're a member of the Harrah's Club, you can get rooms for practically nothing during the week--perfectly serviceable but not-very-fancy of course.Unfortunately, this hotel is really showing its age. Many of the fixtures throughout the hotel and casino are 30 years old, the elevators are on their last legs (it seems to me), and being such a good value, it is quite busy at check-in and check-out. Some of the fixtures in the room are really in bad need of replacement...the GFCI outlet in my bathroom was actually melted (and that looked like OLD damage, not new damage). Definitely, the upkeep and maintenance of this hotel is...how shall we say...not a priority for Harrah's.The restaurants in my opinion have gone from &quot;decent&quot; to &quot;horrifying&quot; in the past two years. The guys in my group (who were certainly not complainers...) were mortified. But that's no big deal--there are somewhere around one hundred restaurants within a 3 minute walk from IP.The casino is interesting. Lower limit games ($5 craps, e.g.) are available 24/7, and the poker room is decent. Both the craps and poker areas were well maintained, and staffed by very strong dealers. Unfortunately, there is an extremely loud and schlocky &quot;Dealertainers&quot; blackjack area, which has (generally) very poor celebrity impersonators (9 times out of 10, everyone in the casino asked &quot;and who is he supposed to be?&quot;) dealing cards, and every so often, they pause to do an absurd karaoke impersonation. It was actually horrifyingly declasse'. Fortunately, the dealertainers mostly deal blackjack, and there is only the occasional idiocy with the karaoke.The wireless internet, which will run you $10 per day, is actually superior. I got good solid up and down bandwidth of around 1 Mbps, and the configuration was professional and permitted all sorts of protocols to pass unimpeded. A business traveler looking to connect to a corporate VPN will have absolutely no problem.The pool area is well maintained and busy. Again, since the hotel is such a good value, it is generally packed with beer-drinking party people and/or younger people, and so the pool area has gigantic speakers set up with music blasting...it's kind of like a frat house. You can forget about taking a nap during the day if your room is adjacent to the pool.I like this hotel. There is no hotel with a better location in Vegas--this is the very best plot of land. The price is definitely right. It's not going to titillate anyone with more refined sensibilities, however, and it has its weak points in terms of eyesores and service annoyances (after a 5 hour flight, waiting 45 minutes to check in made me furious). But, I guess, you're here to gamble and do things, so the unbelievable value that the hotel represents more than offsets my complaints. I do recommend it.	
Jul 17 2009 	Value for money	Bargain price! I agree with others... waiting for lift is a pain.. apart from that cheap cheerful, great location, Bearing in mind that the only time you are in the room is when you are asleep why pay the high prices of some of the other hotels.. You can go in any of them anytime you wnat to eat drink or gamble.. I would much rather have the extra cash to spend.Our room was clean and thats all that I was interested in.. i too lopve the dealertainers.. Michael Jackson was on one table ( even though he had died) Or maybe he hasnt?????	
Jul 17 2009	Outdated and Dingy by Great Location	Stayed at the Imperial Palace for a reunion this weekend. I will not stay there again. They should tear it down and start over, as it's in a GREAT location on the strip. The Imperial is NOT a 3 star hotel as advertised various sites online. More like 1 1/2 Star.. We stayed in a 'renovated' room. I did not feel safe in the hotel. The hotel lobby, casino and rooms are outdated and a bit dingy. Wallpaper on the floors were torn or dirty. Check in took over an hour, and we checked in early. Crabby front desk people. Elevators were broken, and it took 15 minutes or longer each time to use the elevators, as two of 6 were broken and probably will not be fixed. (They no longer sell the parts needed to fix the old elevators). Phew. Only thing going for the Imperial is it's location was fantastic and it has free parking.	
Jul 16 2009 	still as good !	we have just got back from a twelve night stay at the i.p this is the second time we have stayed at this hotel and i have to say there are no complaints check in was a breeze a bit of a queue but nothing major, we got a free nugrade to a deluxe room without even asking !! all i did ask for was a room over looking the pool, this was beacuse if you get a strip view you also get all the noise from the carnival court at harrahs til about 3 am !! so if you like youre sleep dont go for a strip view, we could still see the strip from our room we had a great view of caesers palace, the hotel staff are great the hotel food is good, the casino drinks service is good, the pool is only small but it has a great atmosphere there is a b.b.q and a d.j there are some inflatables dotted round the edge of the pool and the pool bar isnt that badly priced ! the only thing that isnt that great are the lifts !!! they are soooo slow ! and the ones to the deluxe rooms are even worse, but overall this hotel is a dated little gem, and when we go back to vegas we will be staying there again its right slap bang in the middle of the strip and its very reasonabley priced its not luxury but you get what you pay for and who goes to vegas to stay in their room all day !!	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Price Great Location	We stayed at the IP May 08 and found this hotel to be excellent value. OK it may not have the pomp and ceremony of some of the other Hotels on the strip, but I would prefer the extra $$$ in the wallet for retail therapy/shows! We returned New Years Eve 08 and again no complaints. No lines at check in, rooms clean, maid service could not fault and found everybody to be pretty friendly. Exactly as it was in May. Yes the lifts can be slow at times, but why stress. There are more important things happening on this planet to stress about rather than a slow lift!! We have stayed previously at the NY NY and the Flamingo, and yes the rooms did have a higher spec but that is reflected in what you pay. I can't fault either of these two hotels, but for LOCATION and COST the IP for us cannot be beat. We return in September (register your rewards card on the net, we have paid $130 for 7 nights at the IP via our rewards card. It costs us more to go to Spain!). Believe me it can't be that bad, if it was we wouldn't put ourselves through an 11hr flight and a -8hrs time difference to go to a room that was not clean and comfortable.	
Jul 14 2009 	Good Value for the Deal	Myself and 4 others stayed at the Imperial Palace on Thursday, Friday, and Staurday night in June. We arrived on Thursday night at about 10:30, check in took about 20 minutes (which isn't knock against the hotel- it's Las Vegas, this happens everywhere), and we were upgraded to a nicer room since the bed arrangement we initially requested wasn't available. As other reviewers mentioned, the casino is definitely older, but stil clean, and the waitresses still bring drinks. The location on the strip is great, and we weren't upset at all with the price we paid for the room because we did get a great deal and we aren't the type to hang out in the room on vacation anyway. Minor annoyances: there is no coffee pot in the room. I am not human until I've had coffee, so this annoys me. I called room service once and ordered a pot ($14) which i ended up canceling since they told me it would be over 45 minutes. I walked down to the &quot;burger shack&quot; in the casino, where coffee was, again, ridiculously expensive and not good. That was the same burger shack where 5 of us had to pay over $60 for some late night burgers that weren't any good (again, this is Las Vegas). Finally, we found out that there is a Burger King in the casino 3 or 4 casinos down(I think it's the casino with the Irish name, I just can't remember the name of it right now). They didn't have raised prices, and there was never really a wait, either in the a.m. for coffee or at night for snacks! Just a helpful hint for those looking for ways to cut unnecessary expenses. So, overall, IP was just fine for what we paid- but goodness, give your guests a little coffeepot. That's not too much to ask for!	
Jul 14 2009 	Average hotel with excellent location!!	I stayed in IP on Jun 15th to 17th with my girl friend. Personally I think this hotel locates at the best intersection on the strip. There are many affordable dining options nearby and a beautiful forum shops across the street.I stayed in the deluxe room with a small balcony. The balcony is nice with the view of the swimming pool, however the room is no better than average (but who will stay in a hotel room for a day in Vegas lol)Overall I would recommand this hotel due to its excellent location and affordable rates.	
Jul 13 2009 	We lucked out...but it's not the best for everyone!	Here's the deal, many people have complanied about the long check in times and the extreme elevators and long walks to their rooms. Basically they are right, BUT, and I mean BUT, there are reasons why this happens so often.After reading these reviews, I decided to see what would make my stay better. I got 5 free nights comp. So, I hoped for the best. I didn't even request a quite room, I just let them pick it. Here's how I got a the best stay.I check in before the 4pm time frame. Many people would have gotten there around 3pm thinking that's early. I made sure my flight landed around 12:45. I got the casino around 1:45. No line, no wait, Checking in only took me 5 mins or so, and we got the nicest Luv Tub room. Very spacious. As for the walk, yes, it is a walk, but.....since we checked in early, we only had to take one elevator to our room. As for the elevators, they are extrememly slow, but what's the hurry, your in vegas! Here is why they are slow... The current elevators are running on a old motherboard and software. It would require extensive upgrading to make them run smarter and faster. Harrah's corp, seems to want to put their money elsewhere at this time. The room was perfect. It was located on the 10th floor away from the pool area and concert near Harrahs. We were shocked when walking up to it, it had a Double Door entrance! The only one on that floor. It was a huge room and everything inside for the most part was clean, and no funny odor. The hot water didn't seem to get hot, but it did improve over the course of the 5 days. Overall, I don't think I would stay here again, since other casinos are now offering me free weeks, but if you're on a budget and don't mind the classic old casino, this is your place. I would however book the luv tub room or higher.... The classic capri and deluxe are not worth the money. If you really want to treat yourself, get the penthouse suite which I believe is on the 17th or 18th floor. It's HUGE.	
Jul 10 2009 	Not the same Imperial Palace i started with years ago	This was like my 6th time in 15 years or wutever. I'll start good, like the room was really nice, a Delux, 2 queens and a balcony, great price thru Expedia. The auto collection up on the 5th floor was, as always, kewl. Location is great.Now the not good. Parking was a horror. They changed where you could drive to the main elevator with 15 minute parking while you register. I ended up in the back 40 and took like forever to get to registration. The whole place is a maze of corridors and signs, different levels, unknowing employees and confusion in general. After registration I just used valet and left the car. The bath sink stopper was broke so water could not flow out. Front desk said it would be like 2 hrs. Three girls..one sink...you figure. I used a nail file (after breaking a nail) to pry it out of there so we could continue. Went to the Emperor Buffet at 2:30 PM to use our 5 buck off coupon. It closed at 2. Will open 8 AM. Whoever heard of a casino buffet closing at 2 PM? Decided to use coupons at the Rio, which there was a free shuttle IF you can find it. After 3 different employees sending us 3 different ways and 45 minutes of stupidity I got a taxi outside and 10 bucks later arrived at Rio. (Very good buffet AND they knew where to catch the shuttle back to Palace). Breakfast Emperor was pretty bad, waited for the omelets, dry and tasteless. We did not finish, rest of food sorta blah or wutever. Still like 9 bucks even with off coupon. About 1/2 of the employees I dealt with were not nice, thank goodness the other half made up for it. There was a $5.60 &quot;resort&quot; surcharge per room per day that I knew was to be collected at the check in desk, so we paid cash for that. Going thru Expedia the rooms were paid in advance on the plastic and no refunds. So imagine my surprise when I got home and see $80.00 pending on my card. I called..did the push 1, push 2 routine, Spanish/English, had to go thru front desk to the mgr. It's like $40.00 a day they hold from your card EVEN IF THE ROOMS ARE PAID. OMG, it took like 3 days before it got credited back to me and they still kept $5.60, so I called AGAIN and they claim it was the second day &quot;resort&quot; tax. Come on ppl, get real. Why would they only collect 1 day at check in when you're booked for two? Plus I remember the 11 and change we gave. This place used to be happy, easy going, friendly, made me feel at home and personal. At this point 1/2 the ppl there have no idea what the right hand is doing as well as the left. The in house buffet is not convenient and not overly appetizing. I feel like I've lost a friend. Goodbye Imperial Palace, it was fun.	
Jul 10 2009 	Disappointed	We've stayed at the Imp/Palace four times in the past but this time was a disaster.A great location but the hotel is now a dump. The place needs blowing up. Service was rubbish, on two days we didn't get the room cleaned and when we asked why was told that the staff finish at 4.30. The casino with the mime artists is a joke, and the surly barmen serving the drinks have each had a personality byepass. Bed linen is old and frayed and the rooms stink. The Emporers buffet used to be good but not any more.Much better food all round at the Mirage. Sadly we won't be going there again.	
Jul 10 2009 	Worth the Stay!!	We stayed for five nights and had the best time of our lives. This hotel needs some renovation, but the staff, casino and surroundings were not bad at all. You cannot beat the location in the heart of Las Vegas Boulevard. Best place for the money!!!!	
Jul 9 2009 	Dated but clean and good slot machines - you get what you pay for	When we arrived we were allocated a room on 5th floor overlooking the swimming pool. When we got tot the room the noise was loud approx 2pm and we were advised that this could contiune until 9pm on show nights. With this in mind we moved to a mini suite on the 16th floor with a balcony and views over the rear of the hotel and the mountains. Room a bit dated and cost $30 per night extra but well worth evrey penny. Massive round bath in bedroom as well as bath and really powerfull shower in bathroom.Room was cleaned very well every day and we heard no noise at all. All the Americans were complaining about waiting for the lifts but the most we waited was 5 minutes throughout the whole stay, usually no more than a minute or two.Access to car park from strip can be difficult when busy but we found we could both exit and enter around the rear of the hotel Staff were very friendly and we won quite a bit on the slot machines.Next time will stay at Monte Carlo but this was a late booking and although hotel is dated we thoroughly enjoyed our holiday.	
Jul 9 2009 	Some good some bad	My wife and I stayed over the 4th of July weekend in a Luv tub comped room. Thats why we chose the IP. We have stayed all over Vegas, this was my first time at IP. The first room we were given was not cleaned and still had some items in it belonging to other people. Called the desk, they sent a bellman up and he brought us keys to the new room.The second room was much nicer, it was larger and laid out better. Had a balcony. The elevators are the bad point of this property. We did figureout to use the back elevators and walk a little bit more, it beat standing around.The gaming was great. Good minimums, good dealers. THe dealertainers are better than you think. Billy Idol was cool and Christina A. was hot. It is a very short walk to the O'SHeas casino next door. THey have great gaming also and good music playing. You can also see the outside from you table.We only ate there in the Tearoom one time for breakfast. It was good, not great. We ate other places every night. Stay here on a budget, be prepared for elevator waiting at busy times. THe staff and delaers were very nice and check in was a breeze. They also comped our pool cabana when we left early. .	
Jul 8 2009 	IDEAL LOCATION	Stayed in this hotel for seven nights never found anything to complain about the whole time.Reception is busy all day just like every other hotel in vegas so you just have to be patient roughly about 30mins wait time to check in we found the staff cheerful and helpful at all times. We were put on the 5th floor not much of a view but very quite if thats what you want its worth asking for this floor.We had a maid in eve4ry day no complaints at all well worth her $20 tip. The hotel may not be one of the new ones but for the right price who can complain.The location is right bang in the middle of the strip where the other big and well know hotels are a short walk away.	
Jul 8 2009 	cheap and cheerful great location	just opposite the ceasar palace, in the middle of the strip.the room are clean and the staff friendly.the casino a bit old but you only need a bed to sleep.ask for a room at the back of the hotel as the one at the front could be really noisy.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Location Bad Service and Value	From the outside the place looked old. Check-in took 45min.The room was a decent size. Great view of the pool. Room service was prompt. Convience to every where you want to go was Great cause of the location (hotel was right in the middle of the strip). not bad for $$$.	
Jul 7 2009 	I have stayed here 6 Times!! Don't listen to the reviews	If your coming to Vegas to stay in luxury then stay at the Wynn! This hotel is one of my fav's as I'm a canadian who has been to Vegas 15 times!! Yes the hotel is dated , but if you want to stay where ALL the action is then stay here, it's central to everything you need, It's located in the middle of the strip and you can via footwalk to anywhere you like, If your an all night gamer this is the safest relaxed place to be at 3am. Highly reccomended &lt;3	
Jul 6 2009 	Centre Strip good location 	A really good hotel, clean with friendly staff. Only draw back is the queue for the lifts. Other than that, large rooms, most with 2 double beds. Food is good in the Embers Restaurant. Buffet breakfast and buffet dinner in the main restaurant is good value for money!!Casino is fair size. A bit darker than some, but plenty to choose from. Good pool and outside bar. And, walking distance to Carnaval Court with live music most of the day (and night). If you like to keep fit, a small gym with a beauty room is also available. Biggest sports book on the strip alsoHave stayed there 3 times and plan on staying there again at least twice in 2010.	
Jul 6 2009 	Perfect Hotel if all you need is a base while enjoying Vegas!!!	I have just returned from a 4 night stay in the IP, and have no problem with the hotel at all. Let's face it, you are not going to Vegas for the hotel facilities, you are going for the casinos, nightlife etc.The hotel is dead in the middle of the strip, i had no problems checking in, ok, you could wait a few minutes for an elevator, but so what.... the hotel is huge.The casino is big, some cheap table limits, which is a nice start to your gambling antics, and the staff were friendly and helpful at all times.I personally think, that if you look after them, they will look after you, i left a $10 tip first day to the maid, room was spotless every day afterwards, maybe most of the Americans i bumped into need to learn a few basic manners!!The only thing i would say, is that if i was going back with the wife, i would probably spend the few extra quid to stay in the luxury at Ceasers, but hey, that's a different kind of holiday......	
Jul 5 2009 	You could not pay me to stay at that place again.	What a fool I used to be! Now I am older and wiser. A two hour wait to check in was our welcome after working our way past the meaningless directional signs. It was like some cruel hoax, those signs were so wrong. The next morning we gave up waiting for an elevator and decided to take the stairs, not knowing there was no way out of the stairway without opening an alarmed door (lying signs again), even on the ground floor. Luckily, we ran into about 20 other guests in the stairway who had also given up on the elevators, so the doors to other floors were opening from the hallways pretty often and we had no problem returning to the elevators.....to wait and then only have them be totally full when they arrived. It was almost 20 min. from the time we left our room (right next to an elevator) until we got downstairs. I would always rather take the stairs, but this hotel doesn't allow that. Same thing going up later that day...... a line all the way into the casino of guests waiting to get onto an elevator. What a miserable joke this hotel is. I can't believe it wasn't intentional. No mgt. can be that incompetent by accident. Monkeys can do a better job. Next time I go to Vegas, I will be sure to drop some garbage off at the Imperial Palace.	
Jul 3 2009 	Excellent value for money cheap as chips!	You cannot get a better location for a hotel on the strip. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who isn't posh or stuck up as it's very down to earth but the emphasis is on fun not luxory. The room we stayed in was spacious and comfortable and cost buttons. When we checked in they gave us a room with a pool view as we were 1st timers and a book of vouchers which was a very nice touch. I think all the rooms come with a balcony which is rare for vegas and a big plus point.The pool was nothing fancy but nice and you can go to any hotel pool in the Harrah's chain, 7 in total, Flamingo, Harrah's Paris, Ballys, Caesar's Palace and Rio. We took the free shuttle bus to Rio from Harrah's and spent a day at their very lush pool!The casino has a great atmosphere and there is a real buzz as you walk through. The dealertainers are great fun and I would recomend playing at their tables on the way back from a night out when your well into the Vegas Spirit!	
Jul 3 2009 	VALUE	Stayed here before, cheap clean perfect mid strip location. More money for fun elsewhere!	
Jul 1 2009 	A dirty grubby tired and dated hotel.	Do not stay at this hotel. You will be bitterly dissapointed. After spending hours travelling to Las Vegas, on an eagerly awaited holiday, we arrived at the airport and got ripped off by a taxi driver who took the &quot;scenic route&quot; to our hotel. On arrival and check in I was spoken to by a very abrupt member of staff at the registration desk. No one at this hotel ever showed us any courtesy and I found them to be very ignorant. When we entered the hotel room I could not believe the condition of it . The carpets were filthy the beds even had sweets under them from previous occupants. There was thick dust at the back and tops of units and the floor in the bathroom was dirty. The corridors are filthy and evry where smells of smoke and stale alcohol, Stay somewhere else!!!!!	
Jun 30 2009 	location location location	best value ,clean , and in the middle of the strip previously stayed at ti across the street that was more modern and nicer but more than twice the price. going back in november and have already booked ip. less than two hundred dollars for five nights.	
Jun 29 2009 	Another Great Stay!	We stayed 5 nights in a luv tub room and loved it! I had requested a smoking room when I made the reservation but when we arrived to check in on Sunday night I was told there weren't any available for that night but we could change our room the next day which is what we did, Our first room was on the 9th floor and had no view at all except of the parking garage, our second room was on the 18th floor and had a great view of the pool. We have stayed here many times and will definately be returning.	
Jun 28 2009	Basic and Noisy	Old fashioned hotel locaterd in the middle of the strip, rooms that face the swimming pool are very noisy due to disco bar until about 3am. Rooms are very basic, queues for the lifts are common. No tea/coffee faclities. Good clean linen and towels, good maid service, pleasant staff. Lifts are a good walk through the casino from the front desk.	
Jun 26 2009 	Never Stay Again	I would never stay here again. We booked online, but the prices don't tell you that you are in the bowels of the hotel, far in the back looking at the end of the garage.The room was never made up, no towels to replace the used ones, no soaps, shampoos or anything.. left over dirty finger nails left on counter when we arrived. Very difficult to find your way around that place and staff is not very friendly..it's not expensive but would rather stay at the Venetian than in the pits. I actually like the old strip better and the rooms are easy to access...nope wouldn't recommend this place to anything....oh yest, if you weigh over 190 lbs, you won't fit in the bathroom.	
Jun 24 2009 	PLEASE READ MY REVIEW I JUST GOT BACK!!!!	I just got back from Vegas and stayed 3 nights of my 2 week stay at the IP. Before I left, I read the reviews and was horrified. All of those reviews were so wrong. The only thing that was difficult was the elevators because the place is HUGE! Otherwise I have to tell you that all the staff in the whole place is awesome, and cannot do enough for you. I want to make special mention to TIM the bell man, who gave us extra treatment with lots of help, navigating the hotel. Room service that we got all 3 mornings was elegant, hot and delicious!! I kept trying to figure out what everyone was trying to say but there really was no negative. The room was clean, very clean, and there were plenty of towels and when we needed extra blankets and in no time at all housekeeping came with a smile. The place is great and it hurts me when people so casually say negative things about a place like this. Think about who the IP is owned by... This is a beautiful well run place and all I can say is go and see for your self.. VERY CLEAN...	
Jun 23 2009 	Rennovate it!!!!!	This hotel is in serious need of a rennovation or tear down. Our &quot;deluxe&quot; room had stains on the carpet, cigarette burns on the bedding, carpet and counter tops, and the box spring on the bed looked like it was picked up off the street. The bath tub and sink areas were chipped and stained. There was hair on the bathroom floor from previous travelers. I was glad I brought my can of Lysol!!! The balconys are standing room only. The elevators are extremely slow and the experience to get from the front lobby to the parking area and then to our room was really frustrating. On the flip side, the casino, gift shop areas and corridors were nice and appeared to be clean.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good value for money	You get what you pay for, there can be queues for elevators at times, room service not alaways in order, overall its a cheap feeling to it compare to other big hotels. BUT, here's the best part, for $30 a night, you get the best spot on the strip, its bang right in the middle. Everything within walking distance. We asked for a top floor room with strip view, we got the room right at the top with balcony and amazing views of strip and mountains. You can see the sunset over the mountains and lights at night just gorgeous. You can also see bellagio fountains in far corner from balcony. BUT again, staying in these rooms comes with a noisy price, just below this tower, theres Harras out door party tent which plays loud music from afternoon till 4am in morning. During night time it is very noisy and total nuisanse, we thought of changing it after first night, BUT here's the trick again, if you leave the AC fan on, it does reduce the noise considerably. And so we stayed whole 10 nights in this way. But there are other towers you can choose to stay if you are not fussy about the views. Its perfact for budget travellers for its location, you cant beat it, but if you have few extra dosh then go elsewhere like caesars palace right opposite.	
Jun 17 2009 	You get what you pay for	Ok we just got back last week and had a good time in Vegas. The room was comped so why should I complain. The room looked very grimey but I can say the cleaning people came everyday to change towels. The furnishing &amp; decor is very outdated. THE FOOD! UGG..The buffet was very bland. My husband threw his breafast away. BLAND! I understand they can't over season but GOD! I hated that the pool closes @ 5:00pm, we never got a chance to take a dip. The hotel staff is very pleasant. I want book here again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Dirty Old Hotel	The room we were given had no tub and the water would spill out on the tile, the room had an odor like moldy carpet. We changed room which was an improvement, the hall carpeting was stained. The only good thing was it was centrally located around the other 5 star hotels. The parking was convenient, however the hotel still has a hold on my credit card after I've already checked out! I wouldn't recommend staying here, unless you stay drunk and don't give a damn!	
Jun 16 2009 	For a few bucks more...stay somewhere else!	We drove from California to Las Vegas and decided to stay at the IP. When we drove up to have Valet park our car - they yelled at us to move the vehicle and we hadn't gotten our luggage out of the car yet! They finally had us park down around the corner (by the entry to the parking lot) and told us they would take care of our car. 30 minutes later - it was still sitting there. Don't stay above the fifth floor - you'll wait forever for an elevator (and at least you can walk from the fifth floor). We were on the 16th floor - it was SO noisy! and you ALWAYS wait at least 10 minutes for an elevator. All we wanted to do was to go work out - found out there is a $10 charge/person/day to use the gym! (and it wasn't that nice). Complained to the manager and left three messages for him to contact us - we never got a call. Guess they don't believe in good customer service at the IP. You have to walk through a wall of smoke to get to the elevators - the place stinks cigarettes and cigars! The only kudos I will give this place is the Housekeeping Department - whenever we called them for something they were always pleasant and johnny on the spot! The front desk definitely needs a few lessons on smiling and giving great customer service. My next trip, I will pay the additional $$$ to stay at a nicer and cleaner place. This may be centrally located, but with the monorail - almost all the hotels are close to it. Do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere.	
Jun 16 2009 	Fabulous location...best value hotel on the strip	Having stayed at the Imperial Palace in 2005, when my sister, some friends and I went back to Vegas in September 2008, I knew what to expect from this hotel and it easily met my expectations. This is the only place where you will get true value for money and personally I'd rather save the extra $$$ for shopping and gambling!We booked via Expedia for 10 nights in Deluxe rooms - obviously a Deluxe room at the Imperial is probably on the same level as a Standard room in other strip hotels but let's face it, you don;t go to Vegas to sit in your room and admire the wallpaper! Well, we didn't anyway!Upon arrival, there was a fairly long queue at check-in but this is to be expected anywhere in Vegas, especially as we arrived at the hotel not long after the official check-in time of 3pm. The queue moved pretty quickly and we were seen by a very pleasant woman who advised us that there were no Non-Smoking rooms available but there would be some the next day. Therefore we stayed in Smoking rooms for one night which wasn't a problem as they were clean and didn't smell or anything. The next day we just had to call down to reception and they gave us Non-Smoking rooms with no problems.When we stayed in this hotel in 2005, we were in Standard rooms and in my opinion the Deluxe rooms aren't much different except for the decor being a bit nicer. All their rooms seem to be spacious and clean and I love the fact that they have balconies. I don't think there are many hotels on the strip that offer private balconies! We had a view of the pool and our friends were on the opposite side of the corridor and had a view of the mountains and horizon, both views were great. The rooms had air conditioning units which worked fine and standard CRT TV's which had a decent number of channels. The bathrooms were nice and clean with a bath/shower combo and a nice sized sink/vanity area. Lots of towels and flannels which were changed regularly.We loved our housekeeping lady, Linda, she was so funny! We had a good laugh with her when we saw her and she was so friendly. We always left her a few dollars each morning which I first read about doing on here and is definately worthwhile.The casino area of the hotel is by far one of the most fun and relaxed environments out of all the strip hotels. Yeah it's a bit smoky but thats one of the things you have to accept if you're going to be hanging around Vegas casinos! We only ate in the hotel once as there were so many other places we wanted to go to - we stopped in the Teahouse place late one night after we'd been out and I had a delicious BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger and fries...great value for money and just what I needed after a few beers!We also stopped off in Betty's Diner quite a few times to grab coffee and snacks and I really recommend you try this place if you get a chance. The coffee isn't great (there's a Starbucks next door in Harrahs) but all the snacks are freshly made and delicious! The peanut butter cookies, chocolate croissants and pastries in particular! Mmmmm!Overall, I highly recommend this hotel if you are just looking for a place to sleep and shower, etc - you can't get a better location for this price. If you have higher expectations of a hotel room though, you could be disappointed if you stayed here.Personally, I've already booked to go back to Vegas and guess what, I'll be staying at the Imperial Palace again! I love it there.	
Jun 15 2009 	Awsome Value Great Location!	Unlike all the negative reviews on this hotel i have a positive one! This hotel was great for value. If you expect a 5 star hotel, book at a 5 star hotel for an extra 100$ - The rooms were clean and just roomy enough - we got a balcony which overlooked the pool - the only downside to thatt was the music was blaring at 9 a.m. (great if your an early riser, but not so great hungover). The room service was excellent, this is where we ate most of our meals, food was excellent. The beds were confortable and the bathroom was and quite roomy. The casino downstairs was really nice, not huge - but they had &quot;dealertainers&quot; where they dressed as celebrity's and pretended to sing their songs - they were a hoot (you can also play poker, etc. with them dealing to you. The Location, again, was awsome - you walk out and your right in the middle of the strip - not a long walk to anything really. If you wanted to get to the other end of the strip - there is a double decker bus called &quot;the deuce&quot; its 7 dollars for 24 hours pass and it brings you to both outlet malls and freemont street (with random stops all the way up the strip) - i suggest this bus other than the city buses or trains - (those were sketchy). We went to one show - the Improv at Harrah's - was the cheapest one and we had a blast! the comedians were hilarious (but make sure you go to the 8:30 show - we went to the 10:30 show and it wasnt even full which made it less fun. the 8:30 show was packed. We went to all the attractions - The Secret Garden(The Mirage) - Eifell Tower - Stratosphere - Freemont Street - and the little shows outside each hotel that go on at night. They were all great! I would definitly reccomend this hotel if your planning on getting out and seeing the world! If your on a vacation to sit in your hotel room - go somewhere else.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great Location 	We booked a 4 nite stay through Allegiant Air as a package deal. Everyone was extremely helpful and courteous. When we arrived we got our choice of room location and the horror stories of the rooms in the back were unfounded. Our room was neat and clean and not noisy. No fumes from the garage area.The buffet wasn't elaborate like some hotels but the food was good.As with everything in Vegas you do have a lot of walking in ALL the hotels to get to your room . This hotel could use some updating but the location was great. Other major casinos were a short walk away or you could catch the tram behind the hotel.We will stay at this hotel again!!!!	
Jun 14 2009 	Great place to stay	We arrived and was told there were no more double bed non smoking. We were then upgraded to a suite at no extra charge. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The room service was excellent. This is a gem it is located in the middle of the strip. I will use this hotel and casino again.	
Jun 10 2009 	There is absolutely nothing wrong with this place!	After reading some bad reviews here, I was apprehensive about staying at the IP, but I got such an incredible rate I just couldn't justify staying anywhere else. This was my first trip to Vegas and I was pleasantly suprised when our airport shuttle dropped us off at the hotel.Check in was very fast - only had to wait a few minutes in line. The front desk staff were exceptional - friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. The concierge (2 different gentlemen, on 2 different days) were equally helpful. Checkout was even faster.I don't understand the reviews with comments about the hotel being difficult to find your way around in! We stayed in a deluxe room on the 13th floor, and the front desk clerk gave us a small map of the lobby which showed us exactly how to find the elevators to our room. Yes, it was a long walk, but all of the hotels parade you through their casinos en route to your room so the IP is no exception. And the elevators were very fast and all operable during our stay. I can honestly say we never waited more than a minute for an elevator.We ordered room service one night, and received our food in about 15 minutes. The gentleman who delivered our food was extremely courteous and professional. Housekeeping staff was also outstanding during our stay. (I'm a firm believer in leaving a tip every day and it's amazing what a smile and a dollar can do!) Our room was comfortable, the beds and pillows were great, the a/c worked fine as did everything else in our room. The room was very clean and well maintained. The balcony was small but served its purpose. Our room facing the pool was nice and quiet in the evenings. During the day the music from the pool was pretty loud, but we weren't there to sit in our room!The pool area is pretty plain compared with other hotels in the area, but it had a fun atmosphere and no shortage of sun. The poolside bar and food concession was convenient and they had a great drink special the day we were at the pool (Tuesday) - 2 Bud in a bucket of ice for $5.50 all day. It's hard to argue with a deal like that! They have a luau at the pool on select days of the week, which we did not bother with, although it did seem like a good enough deal. For $59 per person you got the meal, entertainment and unlimited drinks. (On the days that the pool is closed to the public because of the luau you are encouraged to use the pool at the neighbouring Flamingo or Harrah's - all owned by the same group. So we checked out the pool at the Flamingo one day as well!)To be honest, the IP reminds me of a typical Holiday Inn or Howard Johnson's Hotel (with a casino in the lobby, lol). There is nothing wrong with this place. If you are coming here and expecting the luxuries of The Venetian or The Wynn.... you really don't have realistic expectations. This is a basic comfortable hotel and it serves its purpose well. I would not hesitate to stay here again, and the location in the middle of the Strip and the wonderful staff we encountered at every turn are the IP's best assets, IMO.	
Jun 8 2009 	OK but the layout is confusing.	We had lots of trouble navigating. There were different elevators, for different floors. Too much walking for elderly. We had to go up an escalator, then down another to get to the parking deck.. Very confusing. Elevators were not large enough.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great price great location!	We stayed a the Imperial Palace for 5 nights earlier this year as part of a round the world trip. After travelling for over 5 months, price was the most important thing to us and I think we stumbled upon a little gem. We stayed in the cheapest rooms which are located outside and to the back of the hotel (they are still joined on though).The location is PERFECT for seeing Vegas, it's right in the centre of the strip and within walking distance of all the other large hotels, casinos, shops, restaurants etc. We ate at the all you can eat in the hotel once and had no complaints, it wasn't as good as some of the others we tried but was also better than others. The rooms were basic but great; large, TV, en suite with shower and bath. Our room was spotless and cleaned daily. We had no complaints at all.I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend who was visiting Vegas.	
Jun 6 2009 	Excellent Location for the price	This hotel is tucked away in the middle of The Strip where all the action is! It is right opposite Caesar's Palace and Mirage.I had booked a room for the 2 of us through a Vegas tourism site, and even though we went during the slack season, i believe it was a steal to pay the kind of price i did, and stayed in such a location.Since its bang in the centre of the strip and walking distance from the biggest and best hotels.It is also connected with a kind of tram system with a stop within the hotel.The rooms and bathrooms are clean and alright enough to spend jst a few hours to catch up on the sleep before you head out for partying/gambling/sightseeing.It also hosts a music extravaganza in the evenings with the singers(duplicates) like bette midler, elvis etc belting out numbers in the hotel theatre before doing some songs on the casino floor.The dinner buffet was ok, and the swimming pool alright.Must stay here if you plan a budget trip and would rather spend on shows and eating and partying than on the room itself.Look out for good deals on the net before making a definate booking.	
Jun 5 2009 	The IP is Centrally Located and Established	This hotel needed to be imploded when the others were, but that time has passed and this place is older and showing it's age. The location cannot be beat, sandwiched between The Flamingo and Harrah's you will not be bored. The check in was flawless and the desk staff were courteous. Finding the room on the other hand was horrendous, it took us about 30 minutes because of the eclectic design of this building, the elevators were slow and many were out of service and with this hotel being so busy, it was to be expected.There was no Starbucks or Seattle's Best but Betty's diner sufficed for the am coffee fix.There is no midnight cafe for pancakes and eggs but there is a hamburger joint (we didn't eat there).The room was relatively clean although dusty under the bed and the bathroom was clean but old(wallpaper peeling).The cleaning ladies are the best and they do a very good job.(Hey People a couple of bucks for a daily tip does wonders sometimes)I did order room service and it did come promptly and courteously.(It was expensive but it's a vacation)The entrance into the hotel by car is a nightmare, dodging the people crossing your path is an art form, if you wait, they will never let get by for entry. A word of advice is to valet , to self park is to self punish, you will see.The gaming staff were OK, but that's hard to grade when all one is doing is playing machines. The cocktail waitresses were ok as well and yes we tipped them well.The dealer-tainers were entertaining and fun to watch.No, I will not be staying there again	
Jun 4 2009 	HONEST opinion of Imperial Palace	Firstly, I was very apprehensive after booking this Hotel because of all the bad reviews it has been given. Now that my husband and I have stayed there, I am giving a totally honest opinion from our 8 night stay.Checking In - Checking Out - There was a bit of a queue, which took approx 10 mins to get through, but hey, this is Vegas, and the influx of people coming and going is phenomenal. We found both checking in and out no problem and were given a choice of a king size bed or two queen beds in the Deluxe Rooms. Room - We chose the 2 bedded room on a smoking floor. Our room was on 18th floor - top of the hotel (1887). The beds were actually two double beds, and the room was fine. The beds were very comfortable (and I am fussy with my bed). Bathroom was fine with bath and shower. Shower was spot on. Small balcony in the room which was ideal for me smoking as my husband is a non-smoker. By the way, being on a smoking floor did not really affect him and he actually said, it wasnt bad at all i.e smell etc. The only problem I found all week, is that the cleaners are not that great. My ashtray remained on the balcony and was never emptied, nor was the balcony swept at all. The room was fine overall and you get what you pay for after all, so all these people moaning and complaining, I would say, spend more and stay at The Mirage, Bellagio or MGM. We actually did spend my birthday night in a penthouse suite at The Mirage (suprise from my husband) and it was absolutely fantastic - like staying in a Palace, but the price matches what you get !Casino - My husband said he preferred Imperial Palace Casino as he said it was lively compared to the other casino's which he found a bit boring with not much atmosphere. IP Casino, with Dealertainers did liven things up, and we did have a few laughs with people around the bar area's. All other Casino's we went in, everyone seemed to keep themselves to themselves and seemed to frightened to &quot;mix&quot;.Food - We only ate breakfast once at the hotel, so cannot comment, other than the breakfast was &quot;a breakfast&quot; and was fine. Some good places to eat would be Magaritaville (to left of hotel) - LOVELY. My favourite was Tony Roma's which is in Binnions Casino in Fremont Street. Absolutely fantastic and reasonable. Ribs and Steaks to kill for (and have half an Onion Loaf with your main course MMMmmmm). We also found the Buffet at Harrah's very good and ate there a few times. Loads to choose from and all very good. We came out of there absolutely stuffed. So many good choices of dishes, we just had to try them all ! ! ! Drinks in Binnions Casino are also very cheap - we had Vodka and coke and JD and coke for $3.50. Couldnt belive it ! You can also have you photo taken for free (and put in a nice folder) with $1,000,000. Great souvenier.TIPS - I would advise casual clothes and very, very comfy shoes as you will be doing a lot of walking. Best way to get around, we found, is the deuce bus, which runs 24 hours from one end of strip to the other. 24 hr pass is $7, Well worth it. Just pay as you get on the double decker bus. They run about every 5 - 7 mins.Swimming Pool AreaSituated on 2nd Floor and we thought one of the best pools we had ever been too for atmosphere and fun. The pool is small and not a patch on the pools in most of the other hotels - but what fun we had. DJ around the pool playing great music from 60's, 70's and 80's and many a time people would be up singing and dancing - great fun. Burgers around the pool very good too.Elevators - SLOW ???? We were there 8 nights and never, and I am saying NEVER had to wait longer than 2 mins for an elevator. Lucky? Who knows, but no problem experienced from us at all.Anyway, enjoy your stay in Vegas - we did.	
Jun 1 2009 	Location michigan	The location on the strip is perfect. Walking distance to many attrations and casinos.Yes the elevators were slow but they were working! Granted this is not a high end hotel but for the price I can not see a better value on the strip! Rooms were clean, service was good and the casino had a good variety of machine to play. Take your waling shoes and enjoy!	
May 31 2009 	Eat elsewhere.	This may be a little old, but I understand things have not improved! My wife and I flew to Vegas intending to stay a few nights there and then drive to Death Valley, Lake Tahoe, Yosemite and San Francisco. The second day there we had sea bass for dinner that was heavily spiced. We were both ill, but my wife suffered very badly, the effects lasting about a week. Our flight over the Grand Canyon was completely spoiled, as was the drive to Death Valley. The service at the hotel was almost non-existent and there was no help in finding one's way around it. The room was fairly clean, but not what we would hope for. Like most of Las Vegas, the exterior was showy, but the casino and interior were tatty and had no atmosphere.	
May 30 2009 	would still stay again if price right	Have stayed at a number of hotels in vegas over my years of visiting, and a number of times at this hotel. Chosen because very cheap price and central in strip so easy to get to all attractions.Rooms are very clean with 2 big comfortable beds TV and table and chairs.The parking however is a long walk and the elevators took a long time to come, we were on 6 floor. The pool area was very noisy.	
May 30 2009 	Grimy Rooms in perfect location	Cons: We came for the World Series of Poker tournament and this hotel was one advertising special rates for players. The front desk staff, although courteous, were not aware of the special discount and we spent around 45 minutes, on top of waiting in line for 30 minutes, to get it all sorted out and into our rooms. We had booked a non-smoking &quot;deluxe&quot; room with a King bed. While we were aware that this was a budget hotel, if what we got was &quot;deluxe&quot; then i wonder what passes for &quot;standard&quot;. The carpet was mildewy, stained and the entire room reeked of old cigarettes and body odour. Neither the tub nor the sink drained properly at all - the most disgusting aspect of our stay. The bed was actually 2 bouncy twins wrapped/held together by a thin king fitted sheet. Bedding was of course the cheapest, scratchiest type. The elevators were often out of service. No mini-fridge in the room. We had a very old tube TV in the room.Room service was incredibly expensive - with breakfast sides starting at $10and going up to $15 for eggs.Pros:Wifi was available and working at a cost. AC worked fine.TV actually had 4 working channels. Dry cleaners offered alteration services.Very convenient access to monorail and free shuttle service on the strip.Thank god it's situated within walking distance to the Venetian.The lobby floor is noisy, smoky and cramped. The overall feel of the resort is outdated, faded, crowded and disconcerting. Would NEVER stay here again.	
May 30 2009 	Aweful Place to stay.	The Imperial Palace is definately a hotel I would not stay again.The carpet in the rooms were stained with whatever.Bathtub was dirty, Very old and out dated TV, Smoke alarms were rusty, and the general appearance of this hotel is terrible. Elevators are old, dirty and chipped railing.Pool lounge chairs are old, mildewed, and disgusting to lay down on. Water in the pool was not heated and there was very little security as to who can use the pool.I would not eat at this hotel after seeing the decline in appearance and unsanitary conditions. It's a dump.	
May 29 2009 	Perfect Location!	I cannot fault this hotel! it may not look as amazing as the Bellagio or the Venetian, but it is centre of the Strip and very easy to get to all the main attractions!We stayed for 6 nights for my partner's 30th, and we had a choice between saving £300-£400 each staying at the Imperial, or staying in a better hotel like MGM or Venetian. So we decided that we wouldn't be in our hotel that much anyway and should just spend that money on shopping and roulette instead! The rooms were spacious and clean, even had a mini balcony for some fresh air, and the pool area had loads of sunbeds.Would definitely visit again as such great value for money. I also recommend the bar in front of Imperial called Rockhouse for daytime beer pong and frozen margaritas!	
May 27 2009 	Very dirty and not very helpful staff	We stayed at the Capri rooms-after asking several personnel (who just said down the hall) we found the room after about 30 minutes. Very sad the directions to get to the room and walked a long way to get to the casino or anywhere within the main section of the hotel. The rooms are very run down and felt dirty and not very clean. One of the worse hotels I have stayed at. If you are into the retro decor-looks like it's been neglected a long time-you can get beyond the stained carpet and dirty bathrooms. Drains didn't work well. I talked with others in the capri rooms who felt the same way. The price is not worth the value-	
May 27 2009 	Cheap and Good	If you want a clean hotel room on the cheap (we paid $35 a night), located right smack in the middle of the strip, with casino, food and shopping all in one place, this is it. They even have a free shuttle from/to the airport. Expect no luxury, this is strictly a functional stay. You get a clean bed (trust me, I even took apart the bed looking for bedbugs, found none but did find a new matress and clean linens). If you want more luxury, go to the Montecarlo accross the street. Check in was fast, we arrived early so the bell boys securely stored our bags away until check in time. The Dealertainers will remind you were you are on a nightly basis. The casino is adequate, but kinda crammed. Great and cheap base of operations for your sojourn to Vegas. Tip: for a $2 tip on your pillow, you get great room service.	
May 27 2009 	Loved this hotel	First,of all after reading the reviews I was skeptical. However, they were all wrong. 1. Check-in line was long. However it was Memorial day weekend Fri nite. they had all 6 stations going. The lined moved very fast. I got to choose my floor, and loud or quiet. When I got to my room I was very very happy. I booked the deluxe tub room. It was clean, and very very quiet. The hotel is very big (as all hotels on the strip are). Our room was clean and we never had any issues. Every room has a balcony that overlooks the hotel pool and a great view of Ceasars.I would truly stay here again. If you are looking for cheap accomodation then you will get a room outside by the parking lot, which is NOT inside the main hote. However, if you can, get a regular room and you will be happy. The elevators move kind of slow, but again, if lots of people are staying there, its to be expected. The pool was fabulous. They had a live dj that Sat, the beer specials are awesome. Overall, I would definetly stay there again. We had no issues.	
May 26 2009 	Better Than We Thought It would Be....	My husband and I just got back a few days ago from a 7 day, 6 night trip out to Vegas. We are not &quot;big&quot; spenders when it comes to gaming; however when we entered in our Total Rewards card # back in January, we were shocked to find that the Imperial Palace was going to comp us every night of our stay except for Friday night (a steal at $49!) We didn't hesitate to book the trip, though we have to admit we were pretty worried about what this &quot;Free&quot; room would be like. Previous reviews have given horror stories about room conditions, so we were more than prepared to slip a $20 to the front desk clerk if they were going to put us up in a Capri room, to try and upgrade. Turns out, we could not have been any happier with the room they gave us! 15th floor, simple but clean, with a fantastic view of the strip and looking right down over Harrah's Carnaval Court (which if you are not a heavy sleeper or like to go to bed before 1am is not helpful with getting a good night's sleep!) The water pressure in the shower was unlike any other I have ever experienced-nice and strong, and never wanted to leave the shower once I got in! Staff was very friendly, pool facilities were adequate but not flashy (and it is a bit difficult to find the first time around, consider yourself warned!) We had breakfast at the Teahouse and also at Betty's, both places did the job, but again nothing too extravagant. I would like to mention as an extra bonus to check out the poolside luau and show on Tuesday and Saturday nights-get reduced price tix from inside O'Shea's and you can save $15-$20 per person off the VIP package. We really enjoyed the show and dinner. Of course you CANNOT beat the location of this hotel! The only negative I would have to state that really ate up time, especially the morning we were checking out, was how incredibly slow the elevators were. Twice it took us over 10 minutes (no joke!) to get an elevator that wasn't packed to capacity. All in all, we would not hesitate to recommend the IP to anyone looking for a clean, friendly place to lay their weary heads and bodies down after a long day of gambling and walking. Better than we thought it would be!	
May 26 2009 	great value	great value for the price. the elevators a little slow but they were doing the best they could do to fix it. would stay agian	
May 26 2009 	Very bad customer service and Watch out for your incidental charges	Very stern receptionist who wouldn't listen to our questions, just kept saying &quot;Next in line&quot;.I paid for supposedly a &quot;DELUXE-plus&quot; Suite but TV was broken we were switched to another room which had electrical problems.After my trip when I reviewed my credit card, they graciously charged an extra $80 charge, which they admitted was a mistake, but would take at least five business days to refund.... WATCH OUT!!!	
May 26 2009 	Better then Expected!	After reading all of the negative reviews, I had very low expectations for this hotel and wasn't really looking forward to staying there. I was however pleasantly surprised by how much I liked this hotel. Our room was spacious, clean, quiet and comfortable. We loved the patio overlooking the pool area. We really enjoyed the entertainment in the casino with the dealers that impersonate stars like Alice Cooper, Michael Jackson, and Stevie Wonder...it was really fun to watch and created a lively atmosphere in the casino area. The location of the hotel is perfect and we were within walking distance of all the best hotels and hot spots. We loved the pool area which was great for lying out with a drink. Overall we had a great time and all of the staff members we came in contact with were helpful and friendly. I would definitely stay here again. Especially because it's a great deal! The only one negative comment I have is that the buffet was horrible! Even with it being so cheap I would never eat there again unless I was really desperate. Most of the food tasted funny and was cold.	
May 26 2009 	Enjoyed my second stay here	Stayed here before in 2005 so knew what to expect and it had not changed much. Still offers very good rates for a great location (centre of strip really so near Venetian, Paris, Bellagio). This is not the best hotel on the strip by any means but room was fine and had no issues. Service adequate and lines were not too bad for checkin or for the elevators. The buffet breakfast was not bad but worth going to the Bellagio which costs maybe $4 more but was much better. Would stay here again. The casino is one of the more smoky ones on the strip so non smokers may like this less.	
May 25 2009 	ITEMS STOLEN FROM ROOM	WORST HOTEL IN THE WORLD. My husband and I are easy to please but this was like hell. My husband has to take medicine for an illness. We specifically remember leaving the bottle of pain medicine on the table because he would need it after we returned. IT WAS GONE, EVEN THE 2 LOSE PILLS THAT WERE RESTING ON THE TABLE. The hotel police assured me that we both have just been drinking and his employees have done nothing. The investigation done was a joke. Then a fire siren was under repair during the time we were sleeping (daytime).... it took 3 hours. The next day there was some kind of drillling for constuction on the floor above us. The casino took forever to bring complimentary drinks. 1 per hour. We didnt get any sleep and my husband had to finish the trp in pain. The problem is the quality of staff they hire, I dont think half of them would pass a background check. We were fine with the hotel smelling musty and being very old, we were trying to save our money for spending but I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN. *********************IMPORTANT NOTE *************Stay away from those timeshare presentations that give you a free show for attending. The Wyndham Manager was very sleazy, we signed a mini contract saying if we stay for 2 hours we get the show tickets. They wouldnt let us leave without buying time share and when I tried to tell him we signed a deal in writing he stated, &quot;I dont care what that paper says if you dont sign your not getting any tickets.&quot; After 6 hours... 6 HOURS!!! we finally were given some dumb impersonation show tickets and not the Cirque ones we were promised.	
May 24 2009 	Excellent Location!	We stayed here for 5 nights over Easter break. It's an ideal time for visiting Las Vegas as the heat wasn't too oppressive (unlike August!).The IP has a fabulous central strip location. It's a little bit tired, but for the money, I'm not sure it can be beaten! The room was big and light and airy with a comfortable bed and a small balcony with lovely views of the mountains at the back of the strip. When we checked in, we were given a choice of rooms and I would recommend one at the back with this view - much quieter!The bathroom was a bit dark, but the shower had incredible water pressure - it gave a massage at the same time! An excellent start to the day.The hotel itself was like a rabbit warren - get the wrong lift and you walk around for a while! Quite a few eating choices, reasonably priced - although in Las Vegas, you can go anywhere!A great base, but could do with a facelift perhaps? For what we paid though, it was great value!	
May 24 2009 	Loved it 	We spent 3 nights here in the delux love tub room free on comps &amp; loved it. We had great housekeeping service every day. Fresh linens everyday. All staff was very friendly &amp; helpful. Wasn't impressed with the burger place but spent most of our time out &amp; about so found other places to eat. Check in was the only bad part of our trip. Spent about an hour in line. Would recommend to anyone.	
May 21 2009 	What do you expect for $15/night?	We got a ridiculous deal through one of the travel websites and once flights were out of the way, the hotel worked out to $15/night! Split that between 4 guys that were looking for a launching pad for the party that is Vegas...and you can't beat a deal like that. Anyways, getting to the useful information.Check In - We got there at 9am on a Sunday...line up was huge and not moving at all. One of the clerks was busy telling every person that came to the counter her life story and literally in the time it took to get one person checked in...the other girl did three! So tried the old slipping the $20 bill in with the id/credit card trick...she didn't even take the money and didn't even acknowledge us when we asked if an upgrade was available. First time ever that has happened to me. Room - Well...it was hotel room that I'm pretty sure looked the same as it did when I stayed there last time...15 years ago! But really, for the amount of time we spent there...it was perfect. There was a little deck to stand on while we smoked, the a/c worked like a charm even if it was a little noisy. TV was small but worked fine if you wanted to find out how to play Blackjack or something. Cleaning service was great and efficient, left us extra towels when we asked for them and even an extra garbage can that we used as a cooler. Elevators - Brutal and slow...always packed around check in time and not a lot of room to begin with. When you put the four of us in it...there wasn't much room and we're not exactly fatty fat fats.Pool - One pool and one hot tub. (hot tub in 30plus celsius weather? no thanks) The little waitresses were quick and seemed to know exactly when your drink was ready to be refilled...but look out man, when you're used to drinking for free at the machines/tables...it get expensive when you sign off on a few buckets o beer. Food was perfect for poolside. Burgers and dogs. Music seemed like we had time warped to the 80's but that was fine. Who doesn't want to hear a little old school Motley Crue when you're drinking in the sun by the pool?Dealertainers - These guys are money! Not one of them would pass as the actual celebrity that they're impersonating, but to be able to stay in character while dealing cards...like when Michael Jackson does a little spin when the house gets Blackjack...too funny. Nightclub - With your room key you get free access to the bar across from the lobby...it's worth a look but I'll say this. I've never been &quot;hey baby&quot;d by so many, um, working girls in my life in one location. Ugh... Decent crowd though. We were there Sunday through Thursday night and stopped in there for a while each night. It's always a busy scene and not as fru fru as some of the other clubs in Vegas. Shuttle Service - To airport/Freemont/anywhere...non-existent....Restaurants - We ate at the Teahouse on the first day after check in...and it's a lot like a meal you'd expect at a truckstop. Lots of food, and you walk away full...but it's not gourmet by any means. Here again, you get what you pay for and for the $7 I spent...I was satisfied.Location - Perfect. Monorail is right there...Freemont is a $15 cab ride if you want. You're close to the Fashion Mall if you have to pick up stuff for friends back home.I'd definitely recomend this place to guys that were going for a stag party and just need a staging area for the night's activities. I'd post photos...but for this trip what happened in Vegas...stayed in Vegas....	
May 21 2009 	Location location location	That's the best thing about the place. It seriously needs an upgrade/overhaul.When we reserved, we were told that the beds were Queens, but they were only full sized.The rooms haven't been upgraded since my last trip there 14 years ago! The bedspreads were very worn.With that said, the location is awesome. Also, please get some new entertainment - we saw the Luau, the car museum, and Legends in 1995 already.	
May 21 2009 	Do not STAY HERE TERRIBLE.	Stayed here before that is why we returned hotel dirty gone down hill half of the restarants are closed room dirty found long hair alot in my bed and did not get the suite i ordered pool never any chairs opens late great location to strip put a charge on my sons credit card that never happened still awaiting credit.Do not take the stairs down no way out no fire doors have to come back up and bang on door hopefully someone will open it for you elevators old and very slow.You have to pay for ice now from machines.Very disappointed will not return and tell my friends not to.I hear New York hotel great.	
May 20 2009 	Not the worst I have stayed at but could have done better for the money	We arrived on a Wednesday mid-afternoon so check in was fairly quick. The staff was friendly at all times but the hotel lacked in so many other ways it would be hard to recommend. The layout for the rooms is crazy and as others have noted, the elevators are slow and many times only one working out of 4. Room was clean, beds were comfy but I was really surprised to see a 19&quot; TV. I thought they were all dead. bring your own shampoo and conditioner because what ever they provide will tear your hair out. The food is overpriced and nothing less than terrible. I would suggest eating anywhere but there. If you have a folding cooler bag, pack it. That way you can at least keep drinks and snacks in your room. The location is good and that is a plus. Easy walking distance to great hotels and places to eat. (The buffet at Treasure Island is really good and less than $20.00.) The gaming was not too bad, but I prefer O'Shay's right next door. We chose it because we didn't want to spend much on the hotel to leave more money gambling. Next time I'll stick to my favorite, Golden Nugget downtown.	
May 19 2009 	Centre Strip great location you don't spend much time in your room in Vegas anyway	Stayed here for 4 nights and had a high floor strip view room. Great view of the strip however it is loud, and the music is still continuing at 4 in the morning. It can be so loud you can't hear your tv properly. If you come to vegas though, you don't come to spend time in your room so it was great for us.Great Drink prices in the bar downstairs. We had a smoking room and I'm not a smoker but the smell was bearable. There were occassions where we would come up to our room and all you could smell was marajuana. Obviously the security in the building don't care what goes on in the rooms. Don't expect a 5star hotel the pool is nice but always packed so we used the hotel harrahs next door. (This is fine as they are both owned under the same company). Would be great to have a fridge in your room though.Would I stay here again?? Maybe, but probably just pay a little bit extra and stay at Harrah's or Flamingos which is right next to it.This is one of the cheapest hotels on the strip, so if your looking for a bed to sleep on and nothing more imperial palace is great.	
May 19 2009 	Not great but works if you're on a budget or in a pinch.	I would say the customer serive we experienced was pretty average. The elevators were always incredibly packed. The room was very outdated and not very clean. There were some little hairs in the bathroom and some weird pink stuff I had to wipe up. I had some other family stay in the hotel on the same floor as us. My sister said her room was disgusting and my brother said his shower leaked. It's not a great place to stay, but I doubt it's the worst out there either. It worked for us because we were looking for something cheap on the strip, but I don't think I would stay here again.	
May 18 2009 	Great bargain Vegas hotel- poker players	This hotel isn't plush, and it isn't trendy, but it is clean, small, and perfect for those who aren't in their room much, Poker players love it here. Rooms are clean, but basic, and a bit old fashioned. It is also a lot cheaper than some others, so if you are spending a lot on upgraded flights, and want to make a saving elsewhere, here is great. I liked the fact it was not snobby, it was chilled out, and a bit tacky (The Dealatainers) and fun.Great central strip location, and super cheap rates.	
May 17 2009 	No luxury but clean and in a great location	This is a hotel that offers the basics: Clean sheets, clean towels, hot water, cable TV. If you're looking for Vegas luxury, look elsewhere. If you need a bargain hotel in a good location, stay at the Imperial Palace.	
May 17 2009 	I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy	After reading several reviews before my recent trip to Las Vegas I still decided to go with the Imperial Palace. After all I was thinking it is just somewhere to rest my head while I am out and about on the city. Well let me start of by saying when we arrived at the hotel around 9pm. There was a long line for check in and only 3 desk agents. We waited roughly 30 min to be checked into our room. After this long wait we were given wrong information from the desk agent as to which set of elevators to take. So we take the first set as instructed by the front desk. We then had to walk around the 14th floor for 15 min before we found our room. So we arrive at the hotel at 9pm and step into our room for the first time at 5 min til 10pm. Keep in mind this is just night one. Well we shower up and get ready to herad out for the night. One good thing about this hotel is the shower head pressure. Very nice shower. Anyway we make our way out, we loved the location of this hotel, we were near Harrahs Carnival Court, Jimmy Buffetts margaritaville, caesars, mirage, flamingo, all within 5 min walk. After out first night out we head back to the IP and want something to eat. Well the only thing open is the overpriced Burger Palace. The burger was so-so, fries were cool and had been sitting. We wake up the next day to find out that for whatever reason our buffett was closed for the day, Embers the &quot;nice&quot;restaurant of the IP does not open til 5pm neither does the pizza palace. So once again if we wanted food we had the only option of the burger palace. We declined and went next door to Harrahs for the buffett. Which was awesome. Food quality and selection was awesome. After several more days of being unsatisfied with the IP we were on our way home, or so we thought, we were bumped from our flight and had to get another room for one more night, we well chose the Excalibur, and loved it. We regret not chosing the Excalibur for the entire trip. I guess the moral of my story is if you want anything good in Vegas it is not at the Imperial Palace. Not only would I not recommend this hotel to a friend I would not recommend it to my enemy. Any fun we had or good food we ate did not come from this location. Thank goodness we were close to actual nice places. I wish like the other outdated places in Vegas the IP would be torn down and make room for something a little more upscale.	
May 16 2009 	Definetly didn't stay for the elevators.	This hotel is in a prime hotspot location. The price was great and definetly affordable BUTfor the amount of people and rooms that this place has, they NEED to get their elevators fixed. This hotel is weirdly designed since you have to walk through a maze to get to an elevator to get to your room, but when you find the elevator you have to wait an addititonal 20 minutes to get a ride in it.	
May 16 2009 	Reasonable accommodation in great location	I stayed at Imperial Palace from Wed 6 May to Wed 13 May and managed to get a great deal online which worked out at less than $300 for 7 nights in a Deluxe Room.Check in was on a Wed morning – I checked in 2 to 3 hours early which was no problem - there was around 20 mins wait for check in.The put me in a room with a view of the mountains (not the older Capri tower) – the advantages of this were that the noise levels were fine and I was close to the Monorail plus the back entry to Harrahs.Apparently the rooms on the strip side get some loud noise from the night club until the early hours of the morning.The room itself was very basic and whilst everything was clean/comfortable it was definitely the most budget room I have had in all my visits to Vegas – although this is comparing to Bellagio/Signature at MGM/Planet Hollywood/Ballys/Excalibur.For someone travelling on their own and not planning on spending much time in their room but wanting a good location – I think Imperial Palace is a good option.If you are travelling with a partner I would recommend upgrading to a nicer room or even staying somewhere else.The layout of the Imperial Palace is a bit confusing at first but eventually you can figure it out.The casino is quite cramped and a bit worn down compared to other casinos on the strip – it does have a good atmosphere especially with the “Dealertainers” who not only are dealers but each play the character of an entertainer and get up to sing a couple of songs throughout the evening – the Freddy Mercury and Elvis Presley characters always seemed to attract a crowd.The sportsbook at Imperial Palace is actually located on the third floor – would have been one of the worst sportsbooks on the strips and even though it is quite large never seemed to have more than 3 or 4 people there – they were unable to take bets on any Boston Celtics games because the CEO of the Harrahs group is associated with the team – so this often meant going somewhere else anyway.The poker room was not bad but was also quite hard to get a game at times.The restaurants at the hotel were not that great – the buffet was the worst I have had in Vegas as far as variety and service went – the Pizza place was ok but nothing special – Burger Palace which seemed to be their only 24 hour restaurant made reasonably good burgers – I often ended up venturing next door to Harrahs or O’Sheas for something quick to eat.	
May 14 2009 	Do not stay here!	We spent 4 nights here and what a dump! During our stay we only got maid service once, the elevators were scary and the room was a nightmare. We gambled approx. $1000 here only received $9.00 in comps..........it was pathetic. The only good thing about this hotel is the location, but I would rather stay at the MGM or Bally's as they are on the monorail route and easy to get anywhere from these two locations. The Buffet here was horrible and we will never stay at the Imperial Palace again!	
May 14 2009 	Will never stay again	My reservations got lost even though I called to confirm and my credit card had already been charged. Everyone I talked to about it was rude and it never got resolved. The place is a dump. The &quot;deluxe&quot; room looks like it would be at a motel 6. The housekeeper came once and didn't even really clean up. The pool is also a piece of crap and the waitress walking around the pool had horrible service. I will never stay there again or recommend it to anyone.	
May 14 2009 	So Much Fun	Let me say I love staying at the IP. It's not the most luxrious place in town, but they make me feel welcome everytime my girlfriend and I stay there. I could stay at other hotels that are also owned by Harrah's Resorts, and most always for free, but the thing is I like the IP. This time around we stayed in the Deluxe King Suite which was comped the whole time we were there. The room has been remodeled and was very nice and comfortable and very large. It also had a wet bar. I recommend the 17th floor. We had a really nice view overlooking the pool and a great view of the mountains. We just love the room. Oh and it also had a very large love tub with mirrored walls all the way around. The bed also had a mirror above on the ceiling. Once you leave the room be sure to explore the hotel to see all that it has. If you like Karaoke then you are in luck. They have karaoke every night. The IP also has several pretty darn good places to eat some good food when you are hungry. The IP also has somewhat of a convienence store that is open 24 hours. Now be sure to go next door to Harrah's also for some great dueling pianos before you leave town. I could go on and on but beleive me you can't beat the Imperial Palace for location and price. Cheapest place to stay on the strip. If you have any questions please don't hesitate to ask. Thanks and have a great time if you choose the Imperial Palace.	
May 13 2009 	Great Deal For Strip Location	Stayed at the IP May 8-11th...Great Deal for 3 Nights 163.00USD for the Deluxe Room. Basic rooms with two queen beds. Clean rooms, large bathroom. Hotel had room included balcony that overlooked the Hahara's Pool.All in all Great deal for location!	
May 13 2009 	Not bad at all.	Wow!, after reading some reviews about this hotel I was really impressed by what we found when we arrived. Some people wrote bad reviews but this is definately not one of them. Overall the hotel is a very nice place to stay for the money. For its age, the place is in very good condition and the rooms are spacious and comfortable. The casino floor is always rocking and the slots are fair. The view of the strip from the 14th floor at night was stunning. Our room overlooked the carnival tent and listening to the bands play were a great way to wind down late at night. Sure, a lot of people would like to have a nice quiet place to sleep, but this is Las Vegas. Unfortunately we did not get to eat at all the dining spots, but the Burger Palace does a great burger and the beer is always ice cold. The only bad thing about our trip was a minor problem with some elevators. Other than that, I would definately recommend Imperial Palace as a good hotel to stay in. Dennis Lewis	
May 13 2009 	Best value for location and FUN!	Imperial Palace used to show its age much more, but having stayed there a dozen-plus times I can tell you the remodeled rooms are quite nice. Keep in mind, if you're booking Imperial you're doing so because it's a budget property, but based on that criteria, you'll be hard-pressed to find a nicer budget hotel anywhere. I've tried Stratosphere, Downtown, flamingo, Excalibur and other low-rent properties, and nothing tops Imperial Palace. There's something about having your blackjack cards dealt to you by Alice Cooper, Madonna, Prince or Cher that puts a smile on your face. If you go in expecting a big-casino operation, you'll be disappointed. But nighly Karaoke, fun atmosphere, a fair selection of restaurant choices, and a truly fun rock 'n roll casino make this feel more like a Carnival cruise than a Vegas setting. Right across the street from Caesar's Palace in the heart of The Strip, it's right where you want to be, at a price 75% below the big boys. Count me in, Baby!	
May 12 2009	Worst hotel on the strip	We stayed at Imperial Palace and did not like anything about it. First off when we go to check in there was a long line with only 2 people working at the counter. Once it was finally our turn, we were surprized to find out that there was a $120 security deposit, leaving us with less spending money for the week. DO NOT EAT AT BURGER PALACE!!!!!!!!!! McDonalds is a 5 star restraunt compared to that. We tried the Emporers Buffet, not horrible for the price. The casino, pool, and restraunts are rather boring compared to all the other hotels. The rooms are old and somewhat drity. My feet were BLACK just from walking in our room. No exaderation but it took nearly 15 minutes just to get from the front of the hotel to our room. The hallways are so long and windly its a maze to find anyting in that hotel. Took almost an hour just to find our room when we checked in. We had 6 people staying there between 3 rooms. All 6 keys simutaniously stopped working. Leaving us to walk a mile to the front desk to get a working one, to walk a mile back to the room. Spend a few extra bucks to get a nicer hotel it would be worth it.	
May 12 2009 	Don't let the poor reviews keep you from saving a ton of money by staying here	We just returned from a 4-day, 3-night stay at the Imperial Palace. Based on recent reviews, I was very worried about what the casino and rooms would be like and considered booking elsewhere. I'm very glad I saved my money and stuck with the IP. Was this the best place I've ever stayed, no, it wasn't, but it also wasn't the worst. You get what you pay for! Our room was basic but the bed was comfortable and even for a smoking room, it wasn't bad. The bathroom was fine and the housekeeping staff did a great job of keeping you stocked with plenty of towels. The casino floor isn't the best but you are so close to other casino's (we like O'Sheas and Casino Royale for the cheap drinks) that it wasn't a problem. The pool was fine. Plenty of lounge chairs. Try a Miami Vice drink poolside. Very tasty. Will we stay here the next time we come to Vegas, probably not but we never stay the same place twice. We will stay with a Harrah property.	
May 11 2009 	great hotel	just back from vegas and could not say a bad thing about this hotel the rooms are large and cleaned every day . would stay here again with no hesitation .	
May 11 2009 	Not as Bad as I was expecting	We stayed here for 3 nights from April 25 through April 28. When I checked in , I announced that I would be writing a review on TripAdvisor and preferred a quiet room on a higher floor. I got Room 16128 on the 16th floor at the back of the hotel. There was no great view-parking lots and backs of buildings but NO NOISE. I felt for the people who were staying at the front of the hotel, especially the ones on lower floors, because there was a lot of noise on the strip. The room looked like a 1970's Holiday Inn room. There were 2 double beds, a good tv with local channels and a few cable channels (ESPN etc), a table with chairs. The a/c worked fine. There was no safe-a big negative that should be updated. The bathroom was standard with tub/shower combo and a clean sink area. There were basic amenities such as shampoo and soap. The ice bucket was there also, and free ice was available near the elevators, about 100 feet away. Sometimes there were drunk people in the hallway, but that could occur anywhere. The elevators were slow as everybody states, but I never had to wait more than 2 minutes. There was usually entertainment from the drunk guests but nothing violent or offensive. The location was fantastic and was convenient to everything. I had breakfast in the restaurant on the 2nd floor. It was not the best but was comped based on my Total Rewards-a definite must for anyone staying at a Harrah's property. I had stayed at the Paris last December and had been receiving offers ever since so I decided to return, but the only available place with a comp room was the Imperial Palace so that's where I stayed-so great for the price (free). I also had received a coupon for 2 free buffets at the Rio so I took the free shuttle bus there for a fantastic buffet with something for everybody. The free shuttles leave from the Paris or Harrahs next door. They also give you a coupon book at check in so I got my free Flamingos and Harrahs tee shirts after about 20 minutes on the slots. There was also a discount coupon for the prime rib/Chinese place at Bill's, but I didn't realize I had one until I ate there the first night an did not have a chance to return. The casino wasn't as smoky as I was expecting, and I had fun playing the slots and drinking free beers. I lost a few hundred but had a great time. I am planning another trip in the fall and hope to stay at another Harrah's property so I can continue to sample them all. Good luck to all!	
May 11 2009 	Perfect location great value for money	I loved this hotel, it was recomended to me by a good friend so I knew it would be ok, but after seeing some reviews I didn't have high expectations. I was pleasently surprised when we turned up, we had a room on the 7th floor at the back with a view of the mountains, it was very quiet at night. The location of this hotel is just spot on, right in the middle of thr strip, opposite Ceaser's Palace - last time I stayed in the Excalibur and it was just too far away from all the buzz of the Strip. It's an old school Hotel, with a dated Casino but I thought it just added to the experience of being in Vegas - take the old with the new I say and just enjoy the whole experience. The Casino has a Celebrity look-a-like pit and they have the best Elvis I've ever seen, and Freddie Murcury was excellent as well. The pool was good and the frozen cocktails were delishious.10 out of 10 - will recomend this hotel to everyone I know who is going to Vegas.	
May 11 2009 	can't beat this place	stayed may 4-6. Asked if we could be upgraded at check in and was given a nice suite on 18th floor. All the staff was very friendly and nice. The bed was very comfortable and the pressure in the shower is great. You can't beat this place for the value and great location. Thank you to everyone at IP.	
May 11 2009 	great location 	We have just booked our 4th trip to Vegas &amp; will be staying at the IP for the 3rd time. You have to remember that you get what you pay for. The location is fantastic, ask for a quiet room when you check in and it's fine. Although not luxurious, rooms have basics e.g toiletries, hairdryer, TV - anyway, how much time do you spend in your room when in Vegas????Bus stops are close, free shuttle from Harrahs to the Rio, also Starbucks for that late night coffee, Dennys for breakfast.All in all a good value place to stay - the money you save on a more expensive hotel can be spent on trips, food, gambling etc.	
May 10 2009 	Working class crowd with great location	I stayed here for five nights at the start of May for Boxing.The hotel is in the middle of the strip across from ceasers palace,great location.The atmosphere in the Imperial is great at the bars due to the working class clientele that stay here.You can have a drink and a laugh,it is no problem,great fun.The hotel is always busy which adds to the atmosphere.We had a strip view room which was great although the noise from carnival court is loud and lasts from 11am until 3 am so if you want peace make sure you dont get a strip view room.The pool is adequate.For a budget hotel with a great location choose the Imperial,we had a ball.The other hotels in Vegas are more classier,ceasers,mandalay,mgm,etc but have absolutely no atmosphere and are not worth the extra money...	
May 9 2009 	Pay a few more dollars and go somewhere nicer	We paid $50USD a night and you get what you pay for. The rooms are very dated and feel dirty and grimey. The casino attracts a pretty dodgy crowd. If I went again I would pay $100 USD and stay somewhere like the Venetian which was gorgeous. Was located in a good spot on the strip.	
May 9 2009 	Don't believe the bad reviews its excellent !!	Just returned from Las Vegas and stayed at the imperial palace, dont believe the poor reviews, the hotel couldnt be better located, its clean and got everything you need. Right in the middle of the strip, better located than MGM or Mandalay bay. The hotel has its own monorail stop which is so convienient but the deuce bus is better value and again stops right outside. The imperial palace may not be the poshest hotel but if you just need a value for money hotel in a fantastic location then dont look anywhere else.	
May 8 2009 	OK but..........	Checked in Monday night 05/04, staff was friendly. Our room on the 13th floor at first seemed ok, but I noticed a partially used complimentary shampoo left on the tub shelf by the previous occupants. Then a moth died in front of the patio door and it was STILLTHERE on Friday morning 05/08 when we checked out, I of course assume the room was not vacuumed properly or at all. Then on Friday morning as we were packing up I noticed a blood spot on the bedspread. Didn't see that prior, or I would have brought itto someones attention. Location is fabulous. Burger place not the greatest. Did not try the buffet. Too many timeshare people right near the elevator. And I would have likedan in-room coffee pot. Why don't hotels have this amenity? Dealertainers are fabulous.It was my first stay there and probably my last. Too bad, its such a bargain price-wise, and as long as business is down, they should see that the customers they do have are happy.	
May 7 2009 	Stay There All The Time	I have really never had any issues, other than they need more people at check in.I stay there every time I go out to Vegas and have never had any complaints.If I wanted a high classed room and wanted to pay the price..........I would stay at one of THOSE hotels.............I just want a room that is clean and inexpensive with a good location and I have that with this hotel!IF I had to pay more for a hotel, I would not be able to spend money on fun things to do, on shopping and certainly not on gambling. As they say :&quot;location location location&quot; and they sure have that!	
May 6 2009 	Great Value!	I read the other reviews of the hotel before we booked and thought we would take a chance since some were good and some were bad. My wife and I had no real complaints. The hotel is located in a great location, it was affordable, and we had a good time there. We stayed on the 14th floor and was told it was the quieter section of the hotel by the desk clerk. Noise was definitely not an issue from our room. We only ate at the buffet for breakfast and it was average. They had a sign posted out side of what they were serving on it and that was a big help to decide whether or not to eat there. Another plus was that it was connected to the mono rail. After a couple of days of walking the strip, our legs were sore and the mono rail came in handy! As I said before the location was great! The Mirage was across the street, Harrahs was right next door and other places like the Venetian, Treaure Island, and Fashion Show Mall were within a short walking distance. The people staying at the hotel were a mixture of young and old. So I really couldn't say which age group was more dominant there. I also seen other reviews of people talking about a weird smell in the place. Neither my wife nor I noticed it. Overall the hotel was a great place for us to stay for our first trip to Vegas. Would I stay there again, the answer is yes!	
May 6 2009	location excellent	had a great stay at this hotel, its location is excellent for exploring all of the strip. only complaint dont get a room overlooking Harrahs as you will be kept awake till 2pm with the live music. rooms large, clean and comfy would recommend this as a budget hotel.	
May 6 2009 	Great Location	My sister and I take a vacation in Las Vegas every year but normally stay downtown. We decided to try staying on the strip for the first time this year. We had a great package deal for IP. The Imperial Palace is a great location. We were able to walk around and still go back to our room if needed. The hotel room condition was old but it was clean. The housekeeping staff was great. They always asked if we needed anything when passing them. I look forward to staying at IP again next year.	
May 6 2009 	Amazing location	I had read a few bad reviews for this hotel so I was expecting the worst but was pleasantly surprised. Ok you get what you pay for. It's a basic hotel but it was clean, the shower was wonderfully powerful and the rooms were a decent size. It provided us with somewhere to sleep which is all you really need in Vegas. Who goes to Vegas to stay in their hotel room! I'd heard that rooms at the front of the hotel could be noisy and certainly we could hear the bands on at the Carnival Court quite clearly but as soon as we switched on the air conditioning it drowned out everything else. I didn't have a problem sleeping. The Imperial Palace is forgiven all of it's flaws when you walk out onto the strip into the middle of everything. The location is amazing and, with the price, this hotel is a bargain!	
May 5 2009 	great value best location great variety of restaurants	in over 17 years of coming to the IMPERIAL palace, we have never had a bad time.in our experience over the years, the average traveler can have a great time without having to break the bank. most of the newer hotels are nice,but they don't have the friendly feeling that you have at the I.P .	
May 5 2009 	Old but comfortable in a great location.	Stayed 4 nights last week and was pleasantly surprised on first impressions. Room was clean but basic with a balcony overlooking Harrah's pool which was a bonus. Found it difficult to sleep because of the noise of A/C (at least it worked) and the outrageous volume of the music from Harrahs. I enjoyed the Casino with the dealer entertainers very professional, and there was no shortage of waitresses bringing you free drinks ( dont forget the$ tip tho). Swimming pool was good for a chill out with no shortage of towells and beds. Best Restaurant we went to has to be Voga at the Flamingo where they transform what seems to be a basic meal from the menu into a gastro delight. &quot;Legends in Concert&quot; at Hurrahs was brill but i suggest you buy tickets, as for all shows, from one of the many 1/2 price ticket booths you find along the Strip.Overall, IP is a cheap and cheerful place to stay.	
May 5 2009 	Great value for money - ideal location	This hotel is located in an ideal location right in the heart of the Vegas strip (opposite Ceaser's Palace). It's true that the rooms are a little dated and worn, however during my stay they were cleaned every day to a good standard. This may not be the best place to stay if you're having a romantic getaway with your partner, but is an ideal place to come if you're in a group of friends wanting to make the most of the Vegas nightlife.This is certainly not a luxury hotel however my overall rating reflects the value for money that I think this place offers.	
May 4 2009 	What a dump!!	This is probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. It is one step above prison. The hotel is old and rundown. The décor is really outdated. It was probably considered fashionable when it opened about 50 years ago. The hotel a damp, smell to it. And to make it worst, the tub did not drain when showering. So while taking a shower you have water up to your ankles. The beds were pretty uncomfortable too. The only positive was the location, Its right in the middle of the strip. The front desk staff was pleasant as well. The only people who should stay here are the 25 and under crowd who just needs somewhere to store there luggage while our partying.	
May 4 2009 	Bargain rate for Outstanding location	Stayed at the IP with a group of friends for 4 nights from 5th April. We were a bit concerned after reading some reviews, however these just seemed to not be true or to be based on unrealistic expectations.Anyone from Europe or Australia should not have any concern about staying here. The rooms were in good condition, clean and at $27 a night excellent value. The location of this hotel is simply fantastic. Contrary to reports on this site we did not have any problems with waiting for elevators, long check-in, no dirty rooms, no dirty sheets and we had no expectations of having coffee machines etc in our rooms. What do some people expect for $27 a night.Quite simply I would stay at the IP again on any future visits to Vegas. The IP is not the best hotel, but it never claims to be. It is what it seems a well located, bargain rate hotel in an excellent mid-strip location.	
May 4 2009 	What at terrible experience	I am a dimond member first time staying at Imperial Palace. I would NEVER recommend any of my friends or anyone to stay. I was promised by a rep with all exiting and great strip view room. I was totally exited and cant wait to be there, but when I got there, things totall different from what I was offered and was never fullfilled the satisfaction. Unfriendly staffs, frontdesk supervior was not very helpful, all she did was to apoligize. Looking for my room like it was going thru a maze. Elevators were down and it took us between 5-9 minutes to get down. Room was dirty, very small for a delux suit for a double queen beds and a small TV. I give a tremondous credits for celebrity dealers though. They worked really hard to put on a show every night.	
May 2 2009 	Great experience	We stayed the week of April 26th. We wanted a good inexpensive clean place to stay with a good location, so we could afford as many Vegas experiences as possible! The location was wonderful ! It is located in mid strip, next to Harrah’s. We had no problems or complaints. Rooms were just the right size, clean, and comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. We had plans to see Vegas, not sit in our rooms. We never made it to the pool or experienced the other amenities. There were six elevators near us and three more around the corner, but each morning they were packed with visitors on their way to check out. Later in the day, we never had to wait. Our room was quiet. The rooms facing the strip may hear the noise from the streets. There is music playing from several nearby locations on the street. Hey, this is Vegas ! We had a great experience and can’t wait to go back.	
May 2 2009 	Don't Bother Unless You Just Want Cheap!	The updated rooms aren't bad but the service at Imperial Palace hotel staff is poor. They messed up my reservation by showing I checked out a day early and then rebooked my room to someone else. I came back to the hotel to find someone sitting in my room waiting for their friends to got their room rebooked. I'm just glad everything in my room wasn't stolen. They offered a $40 dinner but that didn't even cover the food and liquor in my room I had to throw out.. It is in a very good location on the strip though.	
May 2 2009	Second stay at Imperial palace and would stay again.	Stayed at the Imperial Palace from April 26th thru 30th. This was our second stay at the Imperial Palace and would definately come back. Room was clean, staff very courteous and helpful. Asked for a room with a vier of the Strip and was advised that it would be noisey. Appreciated this information but said that wouldn't bother us and were given a room on the 16th floor with a view. The only thing was that the 16th floor is where the Imperial Palace sign was so view was limited. Previous stay we were on the 13th floor and view was much better. Do however think that there could be a better choice of eating places at the Imperial Palace. Because of the limited choices we chose to eat elsewhere. Did enjoy breakfast at the Tea House.Whenever in Las Vegas will make the Imperial Palace our choice of a place to stay.	
Apr 30 2009 	Old run down hotel in a good location!	I wish I would have started here before making reservations. The hotel was old 20 years ago when I stayed there and I don't think anything has been done since. If you are looking for a cheap place to stay and you are doing everything elsewhere, then you may not mind staying if old and slow doesn't bother you.From the time we arrived with our luggage in tow to when we left we were constantly harassed by the staff pushing Tahiti Village. Every time we passed the booth to go to the elevators we were asked. It got old very fast! They try to bribe you with show tickets to sign up for the tour and sales pitch, typical time share stuff.The elevators were slow, luckily we stayed on weekdays when it was not as crowded. The Buffet cost was too much ($18.99), however the prime rib was excellent, especially don't go if you are looking forward to the seafood, it was all served on ice.The rooms were outdated with mirrors on the ceiling and the Luv Tub was just a big bathtub with no jets, should have asked ahead of time. The bathtub had missing caulk and what appeared to be mold growing in the corner.We went downtown to the Freemont Experience and decided that for the value and what it had to offer we would stay downtown next time, much more activity and fun!	
Apr 29 2009 	I was surprized....it really was OK	We arrived for check in at 9:30 am. No lines at check in. We had reserved 1 smoking and 1 nonsmoking room then decided we would rather have adjoining rooms. I'm a no smoker but would give in so we could all be together. They accomodated us Got smoking rooms 18144 &amp; 46 facing the pool. The rooms were OK. Pretty generic. Had an old tv but it had cable and a good picture. Carpet was worn with a few small stains. You really couldn't tell it was a smoking room. Had a balcony with a sliding glass door which we loved --nothing like fresh air. One bad thing - I looked at my bedspread &amp; I saw what appeared to either be dried mustard or puke. The housekeeper was just down the hall and I asked her to come in &amp; see this yellow stuff. She freaked-yelled &quot;oh my God, oh my God. It was another shift. Oh my god.&quot; She immediately pulled the bedspread off &amp; it was replaced with a clean one-apologizing prufusely. Bathroom-clean. Water pressure very good. The Main elevators are very slow but if you go past the gift shops up to the escalators (toward the monorail station) then up another escalator to the 2nd floor- there is another set of elevators that were alot faster. Yes it really is maze- like but worth it. Our room was very close to this set of elevators so we really didn't have to wait at all our whole trip. The casino was fun. I didn't think it was dark or smokey at all. I thought Harrah's was the smokiest casino we went in. Waitress service was good. The pool was clean and spacious. Always plenty of chairs available. Hot dogs and hamburgers are grilled by the pool. $3.79 for a 1/4lb hot dog-good, too. I ate the brunch buffet once. It was OK not bad just OK. We stayed there because the room was comped and they offered me a $100 Macy Gift Card. The location is great. Would I stay there again? Probably, if it was the only free room I could get in that part of the strip. I asked for a late check out @ 2pm and got it. The casino host printed our boarding passes for us. Over all service was good and everyone very pleasant. It's just an old hotel that really is showing it's age. I was expecting it to be alot worse but it really was OK. You get what you pay for! You want cheap? Don't be afraid to stay at IP. It really was OK.	
Apr 29 2009 	The Motel 6 of Vegas Strip Hotels	This was our first time at IP, but not at Harrah's properties or Vegas. This was definitely the lowest quality hotel I have ever stayed at in Vegas. I have stayed at Excalibur, Harrah's, Pallazo, Mirage, &amp; NY/NY. This was definite;y a case of &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; or in our case what you don't pay for. There is very little luxury at this property, but it is dirt cheap for strip hotels. Lobby and casino is out dated and not much appeal. The restaurants are nothing to brag about, but I would avoid room service and head down to the 24 hour burger joint, it's cheaper. The pool was nice and service was very courteous &amp; towels were clean and fairly good quality.LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!!! That is what you are paying for with IP. You are in the middle of the strip with easy access to Caesars &amp; Mirage across the street as well as Venetian/Pallazo up the street. Metro at the back of the property is also convenient.Stay/sleep here and gamble at other Harrah's properies &amp; casinos to get your money's worth. This hotel serves no virtually no other functions.	
Apr 29 2009 	Never again	We stayed here as part of a very good package deal - should have paid a bit more for another hotel. We stayed on the 16th and 18th floors, try not to get a room on the upper floors. The elevators were always packed and took forever. The ladies restroom on casino level flooded and I was told to go to the 3rd floor! Most casinos have at least two restrooms - one on each side! Not very friendly staff either. We had fun in spite of staying at Imperial Palace - they didn't eve acknowledge that it was my birthday when I checked in! When I go back, I will stay at Casino Royale, the casino is quite dumpy to some folks. When I stay there everyone is very nice to me and the rooms have been redone.	
Apr 29 2009	Find somewhere else to stay!!!!	I arrived with a group of 25 women to enjoy the strip and some much needed Girl Time. The front desk had all the reservation screwed up and insisted we all give our charge card numbers, even though the rooms were all paid by the organizer. The restaurant left a whole lot to be desired. We ended up eating at other hotels, Denny's, Panda Express, McDonalds, anywhere but here. My roommate and I were on the 11th floor, if the elevators weren't slow (15-20 minute wait) they were broke, we actually took the stairs. guess you can say we were on the &quot;loud&quot; side of the house. Two druken bridesmaid's decided that 3AM was the perfect time to have an argument that escalated into a fight outside of my room. The only positive was the friendly housekeepers when you asked for something that should have already been in your room.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great Location decent rooms lousy food and awful elevators!	This hotel is in a great location-center strip! Who could complain??? The &quot;noisy&quot; side is truly &quot;noisy&quot;. My family and friends and I all stayed on the 16th Floor. Big mistake. The elevators were SLOW and CROWDED all the time. We found 3 sets of elevators and you could easily wait about 10 minutes to get up or down. The buffet sucked! Do not spend your money there. In the midwest and the south, you get hot crab legs and whole ones. I have never been served cold crab legs that have been sliced in half. I was venture over to Harrah's for better food!	
Apr 27 2009 	its not as bad as I thought it would be	Well I will say this...the location is prime! Considering where it is its a cheap hotel. With that being said, this is an old hotel. There are a lot of things that need to be updated: the rooms, elevators, restaurants. The food at the cafe is of poor quality. Eat some where else. The rooms are average, just the basic necessities. I stayed in room 909. The bathroom is in dire need of remodeling but its not horrible. If you get a room that is facing the strip get ready for lots of noise all day and all night. You see, the Carnival Bar is located right below you, and anyone trying to get some sleep will definitely be woken up. The windows don't stop any of the noise from coming in but on the flip side of that you have balconies that you can walk out on and watch the party at the bar. The elevators are the worst part of this hotel. Sometimes we waited 20 mins for the elevators and sometimes we had to wait for the next elevator which was the same elevator because only one was running.  Chances are I would never stay here again but for anyone who has to stay here its do-able. I would say the elevators were the worst part of the entire stay.	
Apr 26 2009 	Stay away!!!	Nasty, tacky hotel. We got the room for free through our Harrahs reward points. I would have preferred to pay for a room else-where. Rough sheets, rough towels, old shower-love tub combo with no curtain! Tacky mirrors everywhere! In the shower, over the bed . . . Front desk won't even answer their phones. The world's slowest elevators - you will literally wait for 5-10 minutes for an elevator to open up for you. Don't bother taking the stairs up every single floor is locked. Flea-market quality shops in the lobby. I will never ever stay at this hotel again! Hope this place gets demolished soon - it's time to make way for a high class hotel.	
Apr 25 2009 	You get what you pay for!	When our travel agent booked us here we were excited about the price and then come to find out, there were so many people we knew who stayed here and said it is the only place they stayed in Vegas. They all told us it was an older hotel, but was clean,which is all we cared about, not to mention the location, we are NOT picky people! However, We were really disappointed...and it takes a lot to disappoint us!! Our first day we had to be moved because sewage backed up in the bathtub and it STUNK!!! Management was very gracious about moving us, however the next room we were moved to didn't have the greatest plumbing either....sink/bathtub didn't drain. The carpet was stained and there was a cigarette butt outside of our door in the hallway for THREE days that didn't get picked up...YUCK! Just goes to show the cleanliness of the housekeeping staff!! I also had a bad experience with the watistaff on the floor. My husband &amp; I were playing slots for almost an hour and didn't have a waitress, so I cashed out to seek service and was told that it was shift change, which was understandable, however, the waitress that took my order followed me back to BE SURE I was gambling and stood behind me to watch and make sure I put my voucher back in the machine like I was a child (I'm in my late 30s) !! I was appalled!! I've stayed at the Excalibur prior to my visit at the IP and would definitely prefer to stay there over the IP in comparison to the value, not to mention there is more entertainment there than the IP! The pool was not open and it was the second week of April, which is pool season in Vegas! Packed my bathing suit for no reason! If you prefer to stay at a hotel where things are going on and you would prefer cleanliness, I wouldn't recommend this hotel!	
Apr 22 2009 	Do not bother a waste of money	Arrived over Easter 09 on the 15th floor the music from the front nightclub until 2am in the mornings had our room walls moving and at 7am the planes start landing every 10 minutes..so hang on to your bed .....but the best thing was the fire alarm going off every 10minutes from 1am Easter Saturday till 4.50am ......we had people on the 15th floor with little understanding of English attempting to go down fire escapes ...the only communication of the problem (please stay in your room we are checking if its a false alarm) when I went down with my family to highlight our concerns no one at the front counter had heard of the issues...on the 15th floor?...NO ATTEMPT BY ANY EMPLOYEE OR MANAGER OF THE IMPERIAL TO SAY SORRY....SO DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY	
