Mar 22 2005 	Great Value for money	We've just returned from Vegas and stumbled across the Aztec following a reccommendation from reservations at the Stratosphere. We just happened to pick the busiest week in the Vegas calendar and all the hotels apart from the Aztec were full. All I can say is it's great value for money. The food in the restaurant is cooked fresh to order and has the 'home cooked' taste as opposed to the plastic meals served up in other places. The bar is packed full of characters and with happy hours prices of 75c for a Bud what more do you want. We were in Vegas for 8 days and split our time here and the Stratosphere when they had availability. The rooms are adequate with no frills and great value at $59	
Oct 12 2004	I stayed here back in 2000 - avoid like the plague	I just started using tripadvisor.com, and although I stayed here in 2000, I thought I should write to say it was really bad. Rooms disgusting. Unless they are under new management, do not stay there. You definitely get what you pay for, and it was very cheap.	
Feb 21 2004	Ok when Vegas is booked up	I stayed at the Aztec in February of 2003. There was absolutely no other rooms available on the strip for less than $140 per night. I did not expect much by looking at the outside, but the room was very clean, the bed was comfortable and I felt safe. I spend very little time in the room and this was all I need for the appropriate price. You can do better during the slow times in Vegas, but this is an excellent deal when the rooms are gone.Happy traveling. Satisfied guest	
Jan 1 2004	was great for the price	Had a blast kinda of a cheap hotel but thats exactally what I wanted Ind I was so &quot;excited&quot; about being home in las vegas That I hardley noticed I was smashes	
Dec 26 2003	bad place-good slots	jan. 2003Me and a friend, check Inn. because its 10 feet from the strip. rooms cold has ice. no heat. small enough for one person. they say single 25.00 night. its was 39.50 night. old motel style room. no pool. bar and resturant. slowest service I've ever had, in vegas. the only thing good where the slots. wow $100 on nickles. also high crime area. watch your pocket. far from all the major casino's.	
Sep 15 2002	give this one a miss	We saw a sign advertising cheap rooms so we checked in here for two nights.A typical seedy motel set-up, bad air conditioner (hotter inside then out), typical motel room set-up with very cramped bathroom facilities.Dubious cliental( I suspect rent by the hour)but we never felt unsafe or ...in the wrong place...For a few dollars more we could have stayed across the road at the Stratosphere which I assume would have been a better deal.Located at the far end of the strip it is a long way to the big casinos like New York New York, Ballagio etc.We felt safe walking at night though, no problemns there.	
