Aug 17 2009 	short but excellent stay	Stayed 1 night at Hampton. Arrived in airport late around 11PM on Friday night. They had 24 hour free (tips appreciated) shuttle service to airport or Mandalay Bay. Hotel was fairly new looking, clean and pretty quiet for being close to airport. Check in was fairly quick; service was good; OK'ed for late check out at 12 noon. Bed was comfortable. Bathroom was clean with walk in shower and good water pressure. Toilet was low flow but powerful. Room was well designed with work desk and rolling ergo chair; there was a flat screen TV with cable (did not watch much TV during my stay). Free internet connection and free wireless, which is always good to have. Small pool and workout room, which I did not use. Breakfast ended at 10AM. The usual complimentary Hampton breakfast (which is better than most hotels) with scrambled eggs and sausage, cereal, yogurt, juices, pastry, bread, fruits, coffee. Took the Hampton free van to Mandalay Bay (their only drop off place on the strip); driver was nice and informative. Later, call Hampton for pick up at Mandalay Bay; took about 20-30 minutes after call to get picked up; different driver was also very nice; he dropped me off at the airport.Overall, an excellent stay at Hampton. I've stayed at various Hamptons across the country and have come to realize that Hampton is an excellent chain.Tip: If you are expecting a party atmosphere of the strip, this is not your hotel. No large casino close by. It's located next to and south of airport and surrounded by a gas station and a few restaurants.	
Aug 16 2009 	Was dissappointed in one area	I loved your hotel it was very clean and very nice however we were very tired when we checked in at 11:21 pm which would have been 1:21AM our home time. When I reserved the room through my travel agent he requested that we have a crib for my grandson. When we arrived and checked in I asked if there was a crib in our room the lady said no but she would get me one as soon as her driver of the shuttle come back which would be about 15-20 minutes I told her that would be fine we would give my grandson a bath then he would use the crib. 30 minutes went by and I had looked out the window and seen the shuttle was back I called down to the front desk she again said no the shuttle hadn't been back yet and she would get it soon. 20 minutes later I walked out to my car and seen that the shuttle was there when I was going back into the hotel the shuttle was leaving so I had thought the crib was in the room when I got back to the room still no crib. I counted the shuttlle being back at the hotel 4 diffrernt times and still no crib. 1:30am I called to the front desk and asked I am going to get a crib she said yes mam as soon as the shuttle comes back I told her it had been back 4 times and my grandson is tired and so are we could I please get the crib. My son in law looked out the window and the shuttle was in front of the hotel I called down again she said I am sorry mam but I can't find one by then it was almost 2am I said thank you so much for getting me this crib in 20minutes I was very upset my grandson ended up sleeping on the floor what a nice start to a wonderful vacation. If she didn't have one she could of told me right away.	
Jun 11 2009 	Brand New Hotel / Employees Show Pride	Layout is typical Hampton Inn - but the newness shows everywhere from the sparkling floors in the lobby, the clean elevators, and most importantly in every part of the rooms. There is pride among the staff - the lady who came to get us at the airport at 2:00 AM, was friendly and chatty. She was especially warm to my children who were beyond beat after a six hour flight from the east. This hotel is not particularly close to the airport - about 4 miles - but they come quickly, and drop off on a posted schedule in the morning. We would definitely return.	
