	Great hotel friendly dealers super price/deal with coupons	Look around the internet and you can find package deals to this hotel for ~$200 for a 4 night stay or 3 night with 6 free buffets. i stayed here because the monorail end here but the place ended up being nice and offering every table game i wanted, i never left!	
	Absolutely Stunning	The Hilton Grand Vacation Club at the Las Vegas Strip at 2650 Las Vegas Blvd. is absolutely breathtaking. I stayed for 4 nights and 5 days. The hotel is on the strip and is just a 10-15 minute car drive to the center of the strip, depending on traffic, of course. The hotel is walking distance to the Sahara, Riviera, Circus-Circus, and the Stratosphere hotels. I would not recommend walking to the heart of the strip from this hotel. It’s too far.The Deuce bus will take you up and down the strip unlimited times for $7 a day or simply having a rental car works well. The monorail can be picked up from across the street at the Sahara Hotel. The station is located to the back of the hotel through the casino.They are building a humongous hotel (Vdara Hotel and Spa) and a mall across the street but that may take a while to complete. A handy CVS is located right next door and a McDonalds, Subway, and Nathan’s Pizza are located at the Circus-Cirucs Hotel.Parking- the parking structure is a short trek to the back of the hotel but for $5 more ($13 a day) you can have valet parking and relax in the hotel lobby until your car arrives. Regular parking is $8 per day.Bathroom- from Kohler toilets and sinks to elegant Baltic green granite countertops to an all tile shower with plenty of room for 2. I stayed in Tower 2 the slightly newer tower than tower 1. I found out that the difference between the 2 towers is that tower 1 has a jetted tub in the bathroom while tower 2 has a soaker tub and no balconies.Kitchen- Very well designed with raised full outlay, cherry kitchen cabinets and the same rich, elegant light-colored Baltic green granite countertops. A full kitchen with a full size refrigerator, oven, microwave, washer/ dryer combo, dishwasher, coffee maker, blender, and toaster are standard. Again, there is a Kohler kitchen sink and all the appliances are made by Cuisinart.Room- I had a 1-bedroom suite that had a separate king-size bed, which connected to the bathroom via a sliding door. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room had a large TV, lounge chair, and a full size mirror attached to the back of the door.Living Room- comfortable sofa and lounge chair with a flat screen TV. The sofa doubles as a full size bed that is also very comfortable and not just for kids but adults too.Dining room- a beautiful glass table with 4 chairs.Desk- a laptop nook is also nice BUT the high speed internet that is suppose to be complimentary simply sucks. I never really got a strong connection and never could surf the internet. I even had them bring me an Ethernet cable that did nothing. The girl at the front desk told me they are working on adding more data ports but that she also agreed that the high-speed wireless internet is not great.There is a big 24-hour fitness gym with free weights, treadmill and an elliptical. There is also a 24-hour game room with a pool table, big screen TV, and table tennis. There is also a Starbucks coffee shop and a small convenience store all on the first floor	
Nov 22 2009 	Hilton Grand Vacation Resort	Suites are all fitted with washer/dryer, dishwasher, coffee maker, fridge/freezer and all other kitchen appliances. Separate bath from shower, 2 TVs and lounge area. No Casino here so a quiet haven to return to at the end of a hectic day on the strip.	
Nov 18 2009 	If you like fancy 	I have stayed here several times in the past year. A very new property and part of the Hilton Grand Vacations group. The rooms are very clean &amp; super comfortable. There is a very nice exercise room and game room. The pool area, though not as large as the mega resorts on the strip, is beautifully landscaped and more than large enough for the number of guests. This place does not attract the same tractor-pull goobers that the other large hotels on the strip do. Another rarity for vegas is that the staff actually treat you as a valued guest. The price is usually less than $100/ night and more than worth it.There are only a few caveats depending upon what you are looking for: Completely non-smokingNo CasinoParking is $8/ dayNorth end of strip, the only close casino is the Sahara across the street. This end of the strip is pretty rough with some shady looking folks milling about on the street in front of the property.	
Nov 17 2009 	Loved it!	We are owners of HGV and reside in California. (Worth mentioning, this is not a hotel or motel. It is a timeshare resort so don't expect room service and turn down service or the other amenities that the big hotels offer)Staff: Excellent! From driving up, to check in which was speedy, to concierge, maintenance, and housekeeping. All seemed to appreciate us staying there. The rooms are perfect. I was missing a remote for one of the TV's and they promptly brought another one up. There is a thermostat in each room. That's a huge plus. The kitchen's (both) were well stocked with all we needed and ready for us to cook in. Just like at home. Blender, full size coffee pot, refrigerator, dish washer and even a tea pot included. Okay, the bed's are too firm for my back, but still comfortable.Prices in the deli were not too high and some of the stuff was grocery store priced. Not too much of a mark up.Parking has a guard so I felt my SUV was secure. (My SUV had been broken into twice in Las Vegas! Once at The Rio and once at Venetian's parking lot.) Note: Suburban's are the #1 vehicle broken into in LV. That's what the police told me anyway.Oh yeah, after long walks on the strip, the over sized jacuzzi tub is a big plus! Shower had full body nozzle's as well. Very nice.We'll be back.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great Experience Quiet place to stay in Las Vegas	We stayed here Thursday - Sunday &amp; thoroughly enjoyed it. We were in a one-bedroom suite. The place was immaculate! When we got in, the bell person turned on all the lights, the A/C &amp; the fridge. He even checked our closets &amp; sent maintenance to repair the closet door that was off track. The kitchen had everything - even a stacked washer &amp; dryer. I like this place because there's no smoking in the lobby unlike the casinos that smelled like smoke the second you walk in! There's a pricey deli on the first floor but buying a whole medium pizza wasn't too bad (around $15-$17). This is a perfect place for families with young children, not so sure for the party crowd. All the action seems to take place on the South side of the strip!!!	
Nov 7 2009 	A Tale of Two Towers	It's true--the rooms and hotel itself are great, what you would expect from a plush timeshare/hotel--free wi-fi, (expensive) deli, poolside restaurant, great fitness facility. They even allowed me to check-in early (10am.) However, the location truly is the main drawback.If you wish to go to Las Vegas and stay in the hotel all day and not gamble, shop, or do anything, this is your perfect hotel. You will need a car or enough cash to take taxis everywhere.Casinos that are nearby are old and sad, and quite a walk. The Fountainebleau across the street is a mere shell of a building/abandoned construction site--this is not a view you want, but the other views are of the parking garage and North Strip are not great either. I'm also not sure why they charge for parking while everyone else on the strip does not. During this 9-day trip, I ended up moving rooms 3 times (only once for a problem with the room, mostly to get a higher floor as you will hear noise from traffic/construction on lower floors). Tower two is the newer tower--rooms are the same (size, decor, amenities) except for the flat screen TVs. Also, people familiar with other HGVC Las Vegas properties should know that the overall size of the rooms are the smallest of all the Las Vegas HGVC properties and the studio rooms do not have a whirlpool. Lastly, during the entire stay, the second pool was out of commission.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great rooms location not so great	This is the newest of the three HGVC resorts on the Las Vegas Strip. The rooms are great - the studio is similar to a standard Hilton hotel room, but it has a small kitchenette - fridge, microwave, coffee maker. The suites have a large living room and adequately stocked kitchen. The beds, linens, furnishings etc. are all great - No complaints. There is an overpriced deli onsite on the ground floor. There is also a CVS pharmacy next door that's open 24 hours which can be convenient. There is no casino and no smoking at this hotel - nice to come home to after spending time at smoky loud casinos/hotels. The only reason that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is the location - it's on the sad old end of the strip - the nearby casinos are Circus Circus, Riviera, Sahara,..........I only wish it was closer to the other end or center strip where there are some nice casinos and great restaurants.	
Nov 3 2009 	Good Stay	I liked the apartment like nature of the room. Two room suite with a big bathroom, whirlpool tub and good bed. The front room had a full kitchen, sofa and chair. Desk for working. It was a very comfortable place to stay for about the same price as just a regular room.	
Oct 24 2009 	Beauiful spacious clean room. Lots of amenities.	We own at the HGVC Flamingo and used points to book this mid-week M-Th getaway.Owners get complimentary parking (garage level 4 and up), internet (LAN &amp; wi-fi), and use of the fitness center.Fitness center - about 10 treadmills, step climber and a few ellipticals. Dumbbells up to 50 lbs and curl bars up to 90 lbs. Universal machine and sliding squat/press rack as well. All in all a nice center, not too crowded at 10 am.Location is only close to the Stratosphere &amp; Sahara (&amp; the big huge gift shop on Sahara &amp; LV Blvd), but there is a monorail station at the Sahara. If you have a car, the location is not a big deal since the destination casinos are easily accessible via LV Blvd and using Sahara to I-15 is usually faster for strip hotels.Check in was smooth and the room was very spacious and well appointed. We had a 3-bedroom (2 br + the lockoff unit). The 3-br units are all on floors 36-39 (top floor). We were in Tower 2, the northeastern tower (more North-South view oriented), which had a nice view of the strip (saw PH Westgate, MGM, Mandalay Bay, and then west to the Rio &amp; Palms), but the main part of the strip was blocked by the tower on the adjacent property to the south. We could see the north view from the elevator area windows and that looked very nice as well - not blocked by anything.Interior: Granite countertops throughout. Master bath in the 2 br had a very nice touch - the spa-shower where you not only had the regular shower head, but 3 additional nozzles at chest, abdomen, and thigh-level. Living area had a pull-out. We were able to fit 8 in this unit very comfortably.The 2 br unit kitchen had large appliances - microwave, stove/oven, refrigerator with icemaker &amp; dishwasher. You can get groceries a couple miles away to the east or west at supermarkets, and there is a Whole Foods at the new Town Square mall south of the strip.Service - like other vacation ownership locations, less-than-weekly stays do not get maid service, though you can ask for more towels or sheets to change out yourself. You also take out your own trash, which is at the side opposite of the hallway from the elevators.Concerige was helpful with restaurant suggestions and was happy to try to help with tickets. We usually found that the Tix4Tonight booths had the best deals if you are flexibile.Pool was very nice but with the new adjacent skyscraper, you have to move around to chase the sun through the day.For us, it was VERY NICE not to have a casino on site (enough to go around on the strip), but the only place to eat on site (other than your room) is a small cafe / sandwich shop.	
Oct 23 2009 	HGVC's new resort in Las Vegas	We loved the fact that this HGVC resort had room service! Beautiful accommodations, most comfortable bed I've ever slept in outside of my home, helpful staff &amp; a Starbucks on site :) It is a bit out of the way if you are wanting to spend time at Mandalay Bay, Mirage, etc... but cabs are plentiful. I would like to see a bigger &amp; better staffed restaurant at the pool, the food was very good but the service was far too slow. The only other change we'd make is to put flat screen tv's in all rooms..don't make us choose between a Jacuzzi or a flat screen tv... most of us have both at home and expect them when we travel.	
Oct 20 2009 	Comfortable clean spacious hotel	Enjoyed our stay atht Hilton GVC. Great property with nice pool amenities. A bit far from the rest of the hotels on the strip but overall, a great hotel for relaxing.	
Oct 18 2009 	Mixed feelings	This was my first time in Las Vegas, but I was not there for what most are there for, I was there for a concert at The Pearl inside the Palms. I wanted to stay off the strip and wasnt up for a casino hotel. The Hilton Grand Vacations Club seemed to be a good deal. No casino, and the price was good. Not far from the airport, short distance to the venue, though I didnt realize there was going to be so much traffic. The lobby was beautiful, with a large grand staircase. I was greeted by a man who checked my name on a list, and got me ready for check in which was rather quick. I then proceeded up to my room. This was my first time staying at a Hilton, and didnt know what to expect, but honestly, I expected a bit more out of my room. I dont know how to describe it, but will share a few pictures I took. From first glance it seemed nice, but there where a few random things around the room I noticed through the night, the room seemed very warn. I was there for 2 nights, again, not for a typical trip to Vegas. My first night was spent in and relaxing, the second day I had to be to the venue early, so not much time was spent actually in the room. I did however get to enjoy the beautiful pool area and tan a bit the second day. I noticed that chairs fill fast, so if you want to get a spot at the pool, make sure to get there early in the morning. Make a note that this hotel does not offer any sort of room service, something I did not know ahead of time. I didnt adventure much around outside the property, but am pretty sure there are not many restaurants around the hotel. There is a shop of basic foods in the lobby area, and all the rooms have a kitchen with at least a fridge, sink, dishes, microwave, coffee maker, etc. Overall it wasnt a horrible experience, but if I where to be in Vegas again, I would not be staying here. All the staff I met was extremly nice, the pool area was beautiful, the free in room wifi is always awesome, and I loved that the room had a DVD player. Those however where pretty much the best parts. I was overcharged (ALOT) at check in (they just kept adding charges by the hundreds, and though it was resolved at checkout, it just added alot of stress), and I just expected my room to be a bit more nice, by what I had heard from Hilton.	
Oct 18 2009 	Spacious kingbedrm suite near the Strip	The Kingbedroom suite (more like an nice apartment) with sofabed in separate lounge is well appointed, with comfortable kingbed in separate bedroom with adjoining bath, and separate well appointed toilet/shower room accessible from both the lounge and master bedroom. It has a kitchen with microwave, coffeemaking machine (powder + teabags provided), steel benchtop kettle for tea, fridge and even washing machine and clothes dryer with washing powder provided which is great for long trips on the road ! Hot breakfast selection option includes fruitjuice, bagel or egg-sandwich/croissant with bacon, and cofee/tea in the basement deli which can be time consuming at peak hours otherwise good value, limited to two adults per room. Additional portions need to be separately paid for.Lounge has sofabed (not most comfortable as pullout bed due to soft springs) and flatscreen Tv with Bose audio system. Airconditioning is efficient. Free in-room wireless.Conveniently located at the bottom end of the Strip, just 15min's walk to Wynns Casino Hotel (where we walked to for our night show), Encore and Fashion Shopping Mall. There is a 24hr convenience supermarket just less than 100metres away and next to it as well a MacDonalds and a bus-stop for the shuttle thro the strip. Self parking is $8/day.The adjoining kingbedroom (without lounge/sofabed) is only kingbedroom without the lounge or washing machine/clothes dryer.Reception service is very friendly and helpful, as is the service counter for booking shows etc. Great rates especially Mon-Thursdays, and for the busy Fri-Sun still reasonable rates compared to other properties on the Strip. Their own webpage shows the rooms as they are. Does not include casino which was fine for us and for families with younger kids.	
Oct 15 2009 	Beautiful Retreat	My husband and I were here for a timeshare demonstration. We went into it basically for a &quot;free&quot; anniversary place to go since funds are tight. After reading some of the reviews before we left, I was very scared although a friend of mine had just been to the new one in Orlando and loved it. It is a beautiful hotel and the staff couldn't be more attentive and helpful. We stayed in tower two in a one-room suite and it was large with a full kitchen/laundry, dining room, livingroom with flat-screen t.v. with Bose sound system, king-size bedroom with a two-person tub right next to it and another flat-screen t.v., and a large bathroom with granite/marble countertops. Although upon arrival, the maintenance guy was fixing the dishwasher, he left shortly after we arrived and apologized for not being done already. The bed was very comfortable and it was a treat to travel and have a bed as good as our own (we have a very expensive matress from Ethan Allen and high-end duvet, linens, etc.). I would agree with the reviews that it is at the undesirable end of the strip near all the older hotels (Circus Circus, Sahara, Riveria, etc.), but there is a new one that will be done soon across the street and it looks very high end. Hilton is building two new towers in the near future and there will be a huge new hotel/casino complex between this hotel and Circus Circus once the economy turns around. It was nice to know that not every &quot;Joe Schmoe&quot; off the strip can walk into the hotel and as one reviewer noted, they will/may check to see that you have a room key later into the night (which I did not mind at all). We didn't get to spend much time at the pool, but when we did, it was as big as other larger casinos I've stayed (Treasure Island, Rio, MGM, New York/New York). Prices for snack items/food were high inside the hotel, but there is a CVS next door (although their prices weren't much better). If I were to stay here again and if we stayed a week instead of 3 days/2 nights, I would go get some groceries and utilize the kitchen a little more (at least for breakfast and lunch)...although I don't think you should have to cook on vacation...especially in the land of buffets! Note: DO NOT got to the buffet at Sahara...I wouldn't feed my dog the stuff they had there and it smelled! Overall--the Hilton Grand Vacation Club is great for couples wanting to gamble a little (easy walk or bus/tram), get away from it all and get great airfare and great weather. For going to the timeshare demo, we received $50 to be used at the Hilton Convention Center just east of our hotel (easy walk...but not in high heels) and ate at T.J. Steakhouse. My husband's filet mignon was the best he ever ate.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good non-gaming hotel a top end of strip	First thing to bear in mind that this is a timeshare resort which means the rooms will come fully equipped for catering etc which in general , all things are provided . Being a non-gaming hotel it can be an oasis of calm to return to and general impressions are quite good ,in between the Riveria and Sahara area of the strip , its housed in two towers of about 25 levels each which i believe differ slightly but you enter via the main door and the atmosphere is rather low key with reception at the same level with a very handy mini-market , deli-counter where they make up rolls etc and fresh coffee which is open from 5am to 1am next day downstairs so if you don&quot;t want o do it yourself , you can wander down here . There is an outdoor swimming pool , a tour desk, but thats it so because of its timeshare status , some people may find it limited .The rooms are a very good size with a fully eqipped kitchinette , fridge/freezer , washer &amp; dryer , good size seating area with dining table &amp; chairs , tv and of course , air-con .The bathroom has a shower , toilet and washbasin and the bedroom houses a spa-type bath along with plenty of storage space , in general eveything seemed to be of a good standard .You are not stuck for transport as there are plenty of taxis always to hand , a bus stop for the &quot;deuce&quot; service right outside and the Monorail at The Sahara is only a 5-8 minute walk away also there is a CVS pharmacy store next door - which sells more than just medicine -along with other shops just a few more moments away . Overall , not a bad stay the only main drawbacks being that i would find it hard to recommend if you have children and the locaton - there is a large amount of development going on around the area which is not eye pleasing also creating large areas of wasteland to walk past which also sadly seems to attract vagrants which can be annoying and the last thing - if Vegas is busy , it can take forever to get around.Apart from that , this hotel is not too bad at all if you like low-key activites just a shame its not a little closer to the action	
Oct 13 2009 	Can't wait to go back	we booked vegas as a belated honeymoon. And we were not disappointed at all. The hilton is perfect. The room was just the right size, had a fridge, micro wave, big flat screen. It is at the south end of the strip and you will need to bus/taxi it to the large hotels. We got on the deuce bus $7 for 24hrs or $15 for 3 days. They are alittle irregular so be patient.We were glad we didnt go for a larger hotel for our first visit and would definately go back to vegas and the hilton grand vacation.	
Oct 11 2009	Red Rock Canyon...a must	We stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club located north on the Strip. It was a pleasure staying there because the hotel did not have a casino therefore, It had a resort like environment , it was quiet and I felt safe there (non guest roaming the casino). The staff was very attentive and checking in/out was ideal. Since we only had a few days in Las Vegas, visiting the Grand Canyon was not a choice for us. Instead, we drove (35miles) out to the Red Rock Canyon. We arrived around 4pm and drove the 13 mile senic route. We were able to get out and take pictures at the many senic spots located on the 13 mile route. At the time that we were there, the sun was setting and the views of the Canyon were breath taking. There is no fee and you can take all the time you need to visit. One show that is also a 'must see' is KA. This is a Cirque Du Soleil show and is located at the MGM Grand Hotel. An unbelievable show. There are many things to do and see in Las Vegas but, if you have a 'Must see' list, you must add the Red Rock Canyon.	
Oct 8 2009 	great place to stay - no casino = no smoke!	this hotel is at the north end on the strip so the trafic there is much better. the rooms are huge and look nice, sep.jet tub, big shower, nice full kitchen. hotel very clean, housekeeping could use a little more detail. no casino at the hotel (lots next door and around), i hate smoke and can't stand walking through casinos to get to buffets and shows so this is definately the place i want to stay next time i go visit.. if you work out or do cardio, the gym is to die for! top of the line equipment, anything you can imagine. next to the gym there is a game room which is very awsome too. pool table, big screen tv with sofas, fooseball, ping-pong table, games etc. the pool is laso very nice. so overall the perfect place if you want quiet, the rooms are well sealed, walls are thick. they are building two more towers in the future so it has an empty lot next to it but they didn't start on it yet (as of sept. 09). also go see some cirque du soleil shows they are the best! have fun, i hope i helped a little chosing.	
Oct 1 2009 	Resort needs a new Location not close to the action at all.	Well This resort is in need of some major help. I geuss to be fair I should point out the nice things.The rooms are nicely appointed and the kitchen was decently appointed and bathroom was quite large. I stayed in a 1 Bedroom Suite and found the TV and couch to be nice. I was in tower 1 which does not have flat screen tv's advertised but the regular old fashioned tube tv's.The room was actually quite small for a 1 bedroom suite. The kitchen was tiny and only one person could be in it and you could barely open the fridge and stand behind it without hitting the bar, and I am not that large having a 34 inch wasite. The room was ok with decor, but the dining table was stuck into the bar so it wasnt large enough to call a kitchen area and living area, they were right near each other. The other 2 properties rooms are larger, the Flamingo Club has the larger and nicer rooms. I would recomend that location.This hotel was not next to anything. If you love old school smoky casino's then the Riverea and Circus Circus are right next door. You have to walk to anything and construction around has halted. Seems interesting that 2 more twoers are planned and this resort is in an awful location. The convention center is a good walk as you have to take some detours with construction sites. I would not recomend staying here, if you can get a room somehwere else or trade into another location. The sad thing is I used Hilton Grand vacations owner bonus time and thought I would never stay here again, and I own in the club.	
Sep 28 2009 	A Wonderful Surprise on the Las Vegas Strip	I have been to Las Vegas countless times - always staying at the big resorts on The Strip, but often trying different properties for variety. When I heard about the Hilton Grand Vacations Club, I was intrigued, but not immediately excited, due to its location and iffy reviews on Trip Advisor. However, once I pulled up to the hotel, I knew right away that I was going to enjoy my time here. This hotel is not nearly as off-the-beaten path as some reviewers make it sound. It is located exactly between The Stratosphere and Circus Circus (not exactly the most desireable location, but it was perfectly fine). There is a 24 hour CVS located directly next door and hotels and casinos are within a couple minutes walking distance. I actually liked the location for a change as it is quieter and more relaxing than the hotels in the middle of everything. Another nice change of pace is the fact that this is a non-gaming property. Now, I am big gambler, but it was wonderful coming back to the hotel in the evenings after hours in the casinos, to a quiet, tranquil retreat. The staff was friendly and welcoming (especially the playful valet guys) and our room was immaculately maintained during the entire stay. Another huge plus here was our free in-room internet and 24-hour business center, which would be great for those in town on business. I have high standards, as I often stay in suites in 5-star hotels, and I could not find one fault with this property. It felt like home. After stays in some of Vegas' best resort hotels, this one has become one of my new favorites. I will definitely look into staying here next time. I enjoyed every minute and cannot recommend the Hilton Grand Vacations Club enough.	
Sep 28 2009 	Sun lovers beware	Great staff. Great apartment, spacious &amp; very clean. Pool area lovely &amp; worthwhile watching sun lovers chase the sun in the morning. Two highrises - one a condo &amp; the other an unfinished hotel block the sun in the morning. Transport to strip easy - deuce bus stops outside &amp; monorail across the road in the Sahara. Plenty to see &amp; do but don't miss Freemont Street. Can be very busy from Thursday through weekend. On site pool bar &amp; restaurant great for lunching. On site marketplace great for basics, but slightly overpriced on some items.	
Sep 21 2009 	clean quiet location with friendly staff	This was my second year in a row staying at this resort. The first year I stayed in a studio, which was nice but not big enough for me, so I decided to stay in a 1 bedroom this time around. I have stayed in both tower 1 and 2. They are the same but tower 2 is newer. The room was nice and big enough for me. If you are traveling with a few kids the 1 bedroom might be a bit crapped for you. I am a smoker but I always go for the nonsmoking rooms. Even though this hotel is a smoking hotel they have the smoking floors far away from the nonsmoking floors so you will never smell it. They do allow the smokers to smoke outside. The hotel is very clean both the inside and the outside! You will see the cleaning ladies day and night keeping up the place. The deli market downstairs is a bit pricey for what they serve. The outside grill is comparable to any burger restaurant around there. The down fall is that it is only open until 8pm. The pool is great! I always found a place to sit and lay out. They have 2 pools next to each other. The only bad thing I have to say about this place is the location...I prefer the location because it is quiet and there is not a casino on the property. Others I have talked to did not like the location because they wanted all of the action that the strip provided. I did not mind walking to the Sahara to catch the monarail. ( The Sahara is across the street) Oh and they have CVS next door which came in handy. I will return next year , that is if my company still offers the conference in Vegas :)	
Sep 15 2009 	Cramped timeshare resort in bad location	First, the location stinks. It is very north end of the strip with not much around at all for dining -- just old casinos across the street. The resort itself is just crammed into a small lot so the pool area is really cramped. We didn't even use the pool after looking at it. Hilton still allows smoking in their properties (unlike Marriott) so remember to request the room type you need. We prefer all non-smoking resorts. The rooms are small. We had a 1 bedroom unit, which has a private bedroom and then a living/dining/kitchen area. The rooms are too small for the dining table that was actually crammed under the bar. Our bathroom was dirty when we arrived. We really did not like staying there. I gave the front desk a list of problems with the room when we checked out. Kitchen items were missing. Do yourself a favor and stay at a Marriott timeshare or hotel and avoid the Hiltons. We also went on the timeshare presentation which was neverending although we kept telling the saleswoman we would not be buying since we did not like the property. It was very annoying and took much longer as she kept dragging it out.	
Sep 9 2009 	Relaxing and comfortable	Our large one bedroom suite in Tower One 25th floor was very quiet,clean, and comfortable, and had a really spacious kitchen and sitting room. Tasteful decor, older flat screen TVs, very nice pool area with private cabanas, shade, bar and not awash with look-at-me bimbos and himbos, thus a nice outdoor space for those of us who are not seeking a hot singles scene. The friendly, helpful staff added to the enjoyment of our four night stay, as did the great value price point, leaving us with more $$ for gambling and shows. The monorail can be caught across the road at the Sahara, but we drove everywhere and used valet parking, which was free in most places - other than the tip. I loved the location at the top of the strip - a little quieter. You don't step out the door and find Caesars or the Venetian, or Bellagio - those destinations are a couple of blocks down the strip - no big deal, but it's too hot to walk to them most days. The Hilton Grand Vacation is not an ultra-glamorous hotel, but its very nice and I really enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere. In fact, I liked it better than most of the very high end places I usually stay at on Vegas visits.	
Aug 25 2009 	The HGVC on the Strip delivers once again!	Stayed here Aug 20-23, arriving very late Thursday night. I believe it was the late check-in that led to us being put in a 2-bedroom room in Tower 1 that was wheelchair-accessible.The main problem with this room setup, besides not having a washer/dryer setup, is that the second bathroom has no counters to set toiletries on! In addition to this, the shower was a &quot;wheel-in&quot; shower and allowed water to run across the bathroom floor, which is annoying at best and a slipping hazard at worst. I'm glad they have these accessible rooms for those that need them, but it was an inconvenience for us. Be aware that if you are placed in a room of this type, you might have to deal with some different stuff than you're used to.Besides this, the HGVC worked out great again! The resort was in good shape, well kept up and safe. Almost every employee we ran across was friendly, making eye contact and saying hello or asking if there was anything they could do for us. We were on the 27th floor of Tower 1, in room 12704. Everything was in decent shape in the room, and it all was nice and clean. We had housekeeping skip us the first day, and left them a couple dollars on the second day. I believe that this is money well spent for the person that is cleaning up after your mess! We weren't shorted any towels, shampoo, soap, etc and the dishes we had used were in the dishwasher, cleaned and ready for our additional use.Our room faced the pool area, the residential condo tower next door, the parking garage, and further out was the Circus Circus property. Looking beyond all that you could see the Trump tower and T.I. (even saw the &quot;cannon blasts&quot; and smoke from the battle out front).We didn't notice noise from outside or from other rooms, except the occasional door slamming.We'd definitely stay here again, and in fact will be returning in November!TIP: For those with a vehicle, there's a Trader Joe's grocery store just about 3 1/2 miles West on Sahara, then just North on Decatur (2101 S Decatur Blvd #25). Depending on traffic, it's a 5 - 10 minute drive. It's a great place to pick up groceries for you kitchen in the condo! We like to grab a few bottles of wine, some cheese and crackers and fruit to have on hand before going to dinner so we don't need to order any more than the entree! Trader Joe's has a nice eclectic mix of all the mentioned items, and at decent prices too!	
Aug 23 2009 	Location aside a great stay!	My husband &amp; I visit Las Vegas two to three times a year &amp; have seen the good, the bad &amp; the ugly. We enjoyed our stay at the HGVC on the LV Strip May 24-30. The location makes it suitable for visitors wanting to be on the scene, but not in the mix.We exchanged through RCI for a two-bedroom suite, which contained everything we want while on vacation: full kitchen, washer &amp; dryer (stacked, not full size), flat-screen TVs in bedrooms &amp; living room, &amp; free (reliable!) wi-fi.Our first suite reeked of cigarette smoke. We gave it one night &amp; requested a move to something that afforded a more pleasant breathing experience – the desk agent pleasantly made the transaction without question. Unfortunately I don’t remember which floor we nearly suffocated on (I think it was 20), but I do know it was below a smoking floor. So if you don’t want a smoky non-smoking room, just ask for a room on a floor neither above nor below the smoking floor.Unlike other reviewers, we did not encounter problems with uncomfortable beds, dirty toilets, noisy neighbors, construction issues or loud pool music. I will agree with the reviewer who mentioned the understaffed pool bar. However, a refreshing margarita under the hot desert sun is worth a 10-minute wait. I would suggest hitting the pool by 9 a.m. if you want a good spot. Pool restroom was clean, which was a huge plus for my cootiephobia.We took a cab to Albertson’s (2575 S. Maryland Parkway) to load the kitchen up for the week. Cab ride was $12 each way. For shorter stays, I suggest the little market in the hotel or the CVS a few blocks away.For a gambling fix, the Sahara is a 5-minute walk north.We enjoyed our stay at this property, but we probably would not stay there again because of the location. We go to Vegas to party, so being on the scene AND in the mix is key. We stayed at the HGVC at the Flamingo for a week in August 2008 &amp; found it to be perfect – great Hilton standards &amp; centrally located in the middle of the Strip (&amp; an awesome pool scene!). If it weren’t for HGVC’s one-visit-per-four-years rule for RCI exchangers, we would’ve stayed there again instead of this property.Questions? Drop me an e-mail.	
Aug 19 2009 	Stay away until all surrounding construction is complete	My husband and I were to stay here for a week in March 2009 through our timeshare. We thought the location on the strip would be convenient, but it was not. The building is surrounded mostly by construction and you are rather isolated. You can walk to the Stratosphere or to the Sahara Casinos. The hotel has no shuttle to the airport or anywhere.The room itself was quite nice. It had a full kitchen, a king size bed and a jacuzzi bathtub. However maid service was a little lacking and careless. We found all sorts of chip bags and chocolate bar wrappers on the sofa- not under the seat cushions but just behind the loose cushions. We seemed to always be shorted on shampoo or soap or towels and would have to wait hours and hours to get anything. Although the room looked nice and had all the amenities, the bed was a lower end bed (not the standard Hilton seems to use in most of it's hotels). The bed was not particularly comfortable and the bedding was something you would expect in a 2 star hotel.The view from the room was of construction-on all sides. When we booked at this hotel there was no mention through our timeshare or through the hotel that there was any on-going construction. Construction is carried on 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, unless the weather doesn't allow for it (high winds). The noise from the construction is enough to drive you to madness as you will spend your night and day listening to the beeping of trucks as they back up to load and unload materials, as well as the general banging that goes on during construction. We were first assigned to a room in Tower A (facing the strip and towards the newer part of the strip). We asked to have our room moved and were moved to a room in Tower B where we faced the Stratosphere and could look towards the mountains. Tower A faced the main part where the construction was happening. Tower B faced the storage area for the construction material and trucks. As we noticed the construction when we checked in and inquired about it, we were ensured that the noise did not bother the guests as they had had no complaints. They were wrong. When we requested to move rooms, the front desk was very accomodating and we were told we would be moved to another room that would not be bothered by the construction. They were wrong again. When we went to them a third time to discuss the issue, we were told that others (including a Hilton manager that was staying there for a meeting) had also complained. Eventually we were able to arrange a transfer to one of the other Hiltons, however by this time we had lost about 4 days of our week's vacation-time spent packing and unpacking as we moved from room to room and then from hotel to hotel. We had had no sleep and were stressed out from having to deal with the hotel as well as our timeshare company.We would recommend this hotel once all the construction surrounding it is complete. It is nice enough, though for the time being it is removed from most of the action on the strip. The pool areas is nice (though the pools were not heated so it was too cold to use them in March). There is a little deli and market in the basement where you can buy some basic grocerieds (reasonably priced, considering) or you can order sandwiches, salads, etc. However, a restaurant on or near the premises would be nice. There was also a games room that always seemed to be packed with kids.	
Aug 18 2009 	A Place to Kick-Back and Call "Home"	Even though the Hilton Grand Vacation Club on the Strip is not in the middle of all the action, it was a wonderful &quot;retreat&quot; we were able to return to each day that felt like home. During our stay in August 2009 we stayed in a two bedroom suite in tower two (the newest tower). Our suite was quite roomy with a full kitchen and a jetted tub. One of the things we liked the best was the in-room washer and dryer. This was the first time that I came home from vacation and my suitcase was packed full of clean clothes! That was a huge plus! We never had any issues with hearing the street traffic or even our neighbors. We were on the 6th floor and found our room to be very quiet.The hotel staff was very friendly and quite helpful. There were people in front of the hotel and right inside the lobby that greeted us every time we came in. They were pleasant and seemed to enjoy their jobs. The front desk staff was always willing to answer questions for us.The hotel is less than a block from the Sahara Casino which is where the most northern metro stop is. We used the monorail a lot while we were in Vegas. Be prepared to walk all the way through a casino and usually all their stores when you arrive at a metro stop. The monorail is located behind the casinos so there is always quite a jaunt to reach the front of the buildings and walk on The Strip. But, overall the monorail was a clean (and air conditioned) way to travel and was a great way to avoid all the auto traffic!The pool at this hotel was very nice and there were ample chairs and towels available. Most of the time the pool was full of a lot of kids, but I think that happens most places anyway. The only issues we had at the hotel was that our in-room safe wouldn't open one evening. Our tickets to see Wayne Brady were in there! But, with just one call to security, someone came up and got it opened for us. The other problem was that we had a few light bulbs out in one of the bedrooms and one was replaced but the others weren't. That was a little odd, but not a huge issue since there was other lighting.If you are interested in getting out of the craziness of the southern strip, this hotel is a nice calm alternative.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great once your inside	We recently stayed here for a weekend while attending an expo with our teenage daughter. I called the front desk at 3 to see if we could check in a little early and was told by a rather nasty woman that check in time was at 4 and I could check in then, she wouldn't even check to see if a room was ready - then she tried to convince me that I had reserved a studio instead of a suite. The man who helped us when we arrived was much nicer and even walked us to our room when we got turned around. The hotel is very nice - our room was mostly clean and very spacious. We got a one bedroom suite which was very well equipped. The room has a full kitchen, washer and dryer, and two tv's. Parking is a huge frustration - they will valet your car for you but since it was full of expensive equipement we didn't feel comfortable giving the keys to someone so we opted to self park. The parking lot is around the corner and halfway down the next block - it is cramped - poorly lit - and filthy! When you come out of the parking garage you have to walk in the alley to get back to the door of the hotel. The parking situation is enough to keep me from coming back alone. Also, try not to get a room on the first floor or anywhere near the pool unless you like to listen to blaring music coming from the pool area all day and half the night. Overall it isn't a bad place if you don't have to drive to it.	
Aug 9 2009 	This resort is amazing very nice new clean and beautiful!	We came for our honeymoon, I was a little worried where we stayed because I wanted it to be perfect! And everything was great the people there were so nice, and the rooms were amazing. We stayed in tower 1 because tower 1 had jaccuzzi tubs, and tower 2 didn't have jaccuzzi they had soaker tubs. I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great value - an oasis away from the madness (and excitement)	Beautiful apartments in the quieter northern part of the strip. Full amenities in the room made the stay comfortable and relaxing despite our &quot;full on&quot; and &quot;party&quot; trip. The area between here and Circus Circus needs landscaping and cleaning up but this isnt the Hiltons fault. It was comfortable to walk up to the stratosphere and down to the Fashion Show Mall but not much further because of the heat. The deuce and taxis took care of the travel and didnt cost much.We were a party of 5 and had no problems with sunbeds round the pool. The pool bar did good strong cocktails and were reasonably priced.All in all - a good choice of apartment for first time Las Vegas visitors. Would probs stay more central next time for a different experience but would highly recommend.	
Jul 12 2009 	Nice place good service 	We just returned from a 6 night stay at HGVC and were very happy to be there. The staff were very friendly &amp; helpful from the moment we arrived. We were in a studio in tower 2, so the room was newer &amp; clean. Only on one night did we hear any noise from a neighboring suite; the other evenings you could not even tell if there was anyone else even staying there.While the location is technically is on the strip, it is at the far end, but that was fine for us, as we did not want to have to walk through a casino to go to the pool or get back to our room at the end of a long day. We tried the Duece bus service the first day (ok it was July 4th, and maybe a little busier than normal) but found it took too long to get to the rest of the strip, but the bus stop right in front of the resort was very convenient. We walked the 1 1/2 blocks to the Sahara &amp; used the monorail instead. It was a 15 minute ride from the Sahara all the way to the MGM, and was usually pretty empty. At $28 for a 3 day pass, we found it to be good value for the speed of travel vs bus or cab. We did use the bus to go to Fremont street which was a short trip away.The Marketplace Deli had good food, but was pricy and again, we found the staff very friendly. We stocked up on goodies at the CVS next door instead of the marketplace.All in all, we had a positive experience here &amp; would return to this location if we didn't want to be near the hustle &amp; bustle of the strip.	
Jul 12 2009 	Big Clean Rooms	Stayed here overnight for business and would definately go back. No casino in the building which is nice so no temptation to have just &quot;one more hand&quot; which has been known to keep me up till 3 am.	
Jul 5 2009 	decent place	The hotel is on the strip, but away from the newer glitzy resorts. You'll need a car, taxi, or bus to get to the Bellagio, MGM, Venetian, etc. The Sahara, Stratosphere, Circus Circus and Riviera are within walking distance. There is also a monorail that goes from the Sahara to all the other casinos down to the MGM. The hotel is newer, so the rooms are still fresh and clean. The pool area is ok and there are 3 jacuzzis along with a pool bar &amp; grill. There is a restaurant and a dining place in the hotel. There is a bus stop right outside and a CVS next door. This is a hotel, not a casino resort, so don't expect gaming and shows.I asked for a room with a view of the south strip and they ended up giving me one with a north strip view all the way at the end of the hall. It was the farthest away from the elevator.	
Jul 4 2009 	Very disappointed at Hilton GVC.	Just returning after a two night stay at this property and I have to say I'm very disapointed.First impression #1: This property is not near ANYTHING. Technically, it is on the Strip. But, so is the Westward Ho, the Stratosphere, and I'm sure things that are a mile north of that. While it's technically on the strip, it is so far from anything fun. There can't be a good restaurant or show within a good mile and a half and the closest casinos (Sahara, Stratosphere, Rivera, and Circus Circus are all very cheesy. While the property is relatively close to the monorail (a couple of blocks to the back side of the Sahara), it's still far from convenient. Plus, this is going to add another $8-$12 per day or more to your stay depending on your monorail usage and package. Of course, this is cheaper than cabbing it everywhere. The location here really is awful if you want to leave the property at all. Of course, part of the fun of Vegas is to go out and have fun. If you don't want to get out and see Vegas, why are you even there? Maybe location is ok for a convention traveler.First impression #2: At check in, the front desk attendant didn't even look up. She just seemed cold and impersonal. She asked for my id and credit card. I took out my license from my wallet and it took me like two seconds to find my credit card and she was all over me, &quot;I will need your credit card, sir&quot;. Um, if you would look up, you would see that I already had it in my hand and was about to give it to you. Just kind of rude which you honestly don't expect at a Hilton property from a front desk attendant. The service at the property was hit or miss. I'd say maybe a third of the workers seemed nice and would greet you in the hall. The others, really not so much. Overall, just not a warm feeling from anyone.First impression #3: So we check into the room. We are in a studio in Tower 1, which I guess I wish I would have read some of the reviews here first. The room is tiny. Small bath, pretty tight all the way around. Then, we hit the bathroom. I am not making this up. There are little poop marks in the toilet and pubic hairs on the rim of the bowl. The wife goes to use a shelf in the bathroom vanity only to find that it is covered with dust. The paint is peeling along the ceiling of the bathroom. I honestly felt like we were staying in an old Travellodge or something (not to hurt their name or reputation). This was supposed to be in a Hilton property.Fourth impression: Upon return to the hotel on my first night, we are stopped by security to ask to see our room keys. Other guests walked straight in from the street, but we were right with them and we got stopped. We had just returned from a nice dinner and were dressed up so it wasn't like we were homeless people trying to sneak in. I understand that there is always a concern about safety and I appreciate that. But, if you are going to stop people at the front door to the hotel, then stop everyone. I felt like a criminal for going to my hotel.Fifth impression: It's late and we're tired, but we can hear our neighbors like they are in our room. I'm not sure if they're across the hall, but most likely through the connecting door to the next room. The walls are ridiculously thin. The neighbors weren't being loud or anything; just talking at normal levels. But, the wife and I could hear them as we lay in bed the same as if they were having a conversation in our room.All in all, a pretty disappointing day and this is only my first day!Day two: The big sales meeting. I had been offered these rooms for a decent rate over the phone some months back and knowing that the wife and I planned to visit Vegas anyway, I thought that we were given a good rate to stay on the strip, and after a quick look on TripAdvisor, the hotel seemed to be rated pretty high so I took the offer. Part of the offer was that we would need to sit through a 60-90 minute sales presentation on the HGVC and after that, we would receive a hotel voucher for another night's stay at a Hilton property and $50 in gaming chips. What a complete waste of MY vacation time! I feel sorry for anyone that has ever had to endure that bunch of bs and I feel even more sorry for anyone conned into buying one of these things.The individual presentation (just me and my wife with our own high pressure sales guy, Chris) started off well enough with a little chit chat and questions about our past vacationing and our annual vacation budget. Then, the pitch. Why spend a total of $XXX,XXX over the next 30 years of vacations and just throw that money away when you can spend that same money today on a deed that will be your for life and where you could stay in hotels you would have never stayed in before? Chris, our sales guy, said about 100 times, &quot;Sounds great, doesn't it?&quot; Fact is, my wife and I both have finance degrees and I work in finance. His little sales analysis (they show you some numbers) was so off in so many ways. He tries to get you to spend as much on a new deed (for just hotels) as you're currently spending on total vacation expenditures (hotel + air + food + everything else). The sales talk neglects the time value of money. They really try to avoid bringing in the $1500/year maintenance charges and all of the costs for booking, converting points, rolling over points, etc. After a good two hours of this, he still hasn't given us the cost. The presentation was supposed to last a total of 90 minutes. We finally get the cost (something like $55k). Oh really? Oh, I can finance for 17%? Only 10% down? Oh really? Oh, and today only, $12k off since we're really trying to get sales through by the end of the month. After another 30 minutes, we get the manager to stop by with the additional push. Once they get us to the point where we're upset and definitely not buying right now without further analysis (which I can do in my head a little to know that the numbers aren't even close to working out), our sales guy Chris gets mad, the manager gets mad and they both pretty much stomp off like a whiney 5-year old. Then of course, we get the Relationship manager to come over and do a survey of how things went and our impression of our sales guy. Of course, the relationship guy also tries to sell us smaller versions of the plan and even some ridiculously expensive option to try the plan for a year. We say no (for about the 500th time). Then, we get sent off to the rewards center to pay us our crummy reward for sitting through that hell. We get a gaming voucher for the Hilton. Fortunately, we already had a pass for the monorail, because it is a really long walk to the Hilton. Plus, they can only give you chips; they can't give you cash. Well, I wasn't giving them another dime so I had the wife bring the chips back to the cage to get cash. Just a ridiculous amount of work to try to get my $50 for sitting through 3 hours of hell.One note on the value of these points: there is a HGVC deed for sale on ebay right now in which the current bid (2 days left on auction) is about 1/10th the cost of the offer we received.I could go on and on as to why this is such a bad deal financially for anyone. Please contact me with questions on this.Finally, we got done with our presentation. I apologized to the wife about 100 times for staying at this property and for putting her through such hell. There was a point where she almost got up and just walked out. I felt so bad about this place.Anyway, the rest of the stay went without incident. The pool was tight, but ok. The workout room was nicely equipped, but way too small for the usage there. The little gift shop made a nice sandwich, but prices were unreal on some of the things. My hard lime drink marked at $4.95 on the bottle was actually wrong up at $6.00 each. The pool bar made a decent cocktail. Our bathroom was properly cleaned on our second day.All in all, the place was more Holiday Inn Express or Hampton Inn than Hilton in my opinion.It is possible that all of the good reviews here are from people staying in tower 2. That is where they brought us for a tour of a unit which was very nicely equipped. The bigger one and two bedroom units were VERY nice compared to our little dirty room.Either way though, the location sucks, the service was pretty cold and impersonal, our room on arrival was dirty, and the walls were thin. Can't imagine why ANYONE would ever stay here. We never will again and could nenver recomment to anyone.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Week at HGVC on the Strip	We traveled from Ft. Lauderdale with 8 people including kids, the week of June 13 through June 20 2009. HGVC was very accommodating, hooking us up in the new tower, close to the elevator on a high floor in adjacent rooms which is everything we requested. They were friendly at the front desk. The lobby is beautiful and in a circular pattern on two levels with a staircase leading down to the plentiful Marketplace, gym and Active lounge with wide screen TV and pool and ping pong tables. Easy access to ample pool area which has two pools and several hot tubs, some hotter than others. We did get 4-6 chairs pretty much everyday but I got to the pool before 9 each day. 2 bedroom suites were clean well decorated and spacious for 4-6 people and offered free wifi, a large flat screen and a wonderful Bose sound system which we enjoyed loud everyday without ever a complaint. Kitchen was clean and large with all the useful gadgets. Bathrooms were good size but the water in the shower was a little erratic in temperature and the TP could be upgraded, an easy trip to CVS next door will take care of that. Beds and pillows were extraordinarily comfortable, very impressed. TV has a full range of channels and is also a flat screen in the bedroom. Bedrooms are well sound proofed from living areas but not the bathroom. Parking garage was built for the whole property which will eventually have 4-5 towers and is currently quite a walk from the current towers and cars have to be parked on the 4th floor or above, valet may be worth the extra 5 bucks a day so you can call ahead. Bell staff was great, helpful and friendly. Elevators are fast and readily available. No pressure from time share people at all. Bar at pool gets busy and is somewhat understaffed so be prepared. Location is surrounded by construction right now which is not loud or dusty but makes for quite a walk anywhere you go except for CVS which is right next door.I will write more as I think of it...	
Jun 20 2009 	Great for a Casual or Long Stay	This is a great place to stay in Vegas. I have lived near Vegas all my life so my stays tend to push away from the usual noisy casinos. No complaints. What i likes was they had dishes, forks and knives and a refridge in the room. You can go to the store and stock up on food and conveniently live in the room without having to do room service etc...One day we were so hung over, we ordered lunch at a nice Italian restaurant but were unable to eat all the food due to our uneasy stomach! So we took the doggie bag of food back to the hotel, put it in the refrigerator. After our recovery nap we were able to take the left overs, put it in the microwave provided, the eat the food on the plates and silverware provided – that rocked!!! So easy and convenient! At the pool there are barbeques there for anyone to use. Bring your own meat and cook it!! Just so so cool! The pool was nice and the Jacuzzis were excellent. In the hotel they had a store (if you didn’t want to go to the local grocery store) where you can buy food for the room. I liked it there. If you drive, Self Park, it saves you 5 bucks each day. I liked the stay there. Location, it is off a bit from the strip, however, there are more and more new hotels being build near the stratosphere, so there is more near the hotel. The fasion mall is near the hotel .. the mall has excellent shops!! Staff were very friendly. Internet was excellent and free. Do not take a taxi, it is now 10/15 bucks just to get to the main area. It was never this expensive years back. What we did is get a daily rail pass of 13.00 each person. You can cross at the Sahara hotel and get the rail to the main area.All and all it was a great escape from the main hotels. This is a resort, there is not casino in the hotel. Also note, get a Hilton membership card as the points can be automatically converted to virgin air miles!!!	
Jun 18 2009 	Buyer Beware: Big difference between one bedroom suite 	Let me start by saying I have stayed here in the past. As Hilton Platinum I typically receive a room upgrade and/or breakfast. In the past I've stayed in the one bedroom suites and they are nice with a kitchen and separate bath and shower.This trip I was booked into a &quot;studio&quot;. When I say it was no different than a typical Motel 6, I'm serious. It was very small, the word cramped comes to mind. The hotel was maybe 50% capacity, although the check-in person who was really nice although a bit clueless kept saying we have a lot of people who own a HGV stake staying here. I guess if you own a HGV membership for a one bedroom suite, sure it's a good place to stay. Otherwise, with the current offers available on the strip I would not stay here again.LOCATIONAs previously mentioned, location is down strip a bit although you can walk to Sahara casino if you want to gamble. There is a CVS within a 3 minute walk where you can get snacks, drinks, etc.. to bring back to room.CHECK-INThe check-in was slow considering there were 3 people checking in guests and only 2 people ahead of me in line when I arrived at 8:30pm. It took about 20 minutes. I knew I was in trouble when the woman checking me in said we have a great room in tower 2, where i had stayed in the past, then she sad &quot;h actually no that is not available, but i have another great room in tower 1.&quot; When I got to the room it was awful, it appears some room have been remodeled, so ask at check-in if you are getting an remodeled room.ROOMAs noted BIG difference between one bedroom suite which was nice and studio which was awful. In need of updating. Neither room had flat screen TV. Otherwise, was clean, but nothing &quot;fancy&quot;.NOTE: There is no casino on the property which I like as I was out here for work and it was a distraction free lobby.	
Jun 13 2009 	Awesome place to stay	It is a hotel, not a casino. Has really great staff, the rooms are clean and provides great value for mo.ney. Close to all Vegas land marks. Would visit again.	
Jun 12 2009 	awesome city awesome hotel	Although this hotel lacks the spice of the other hotels in Las Vegas it is a very nice place to stay. I was in a two bedroom suite which was perfect for us 3 travelers. The hotel itself did not have a casino or any restaurants but its situated on the strip so you are not too far from all the action. The pool area was gorgeous and the climate in November beautiful! I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 1 2009 	Nice getaway - further from the action	My husband and I stayed here as part of a timeshare presentation package. This is a decent hotel, certainly not one that will blow your socks away, but nice enough. The pool was great. There was plenty of seating and spots in and out of the sun (though we were there on weekdays, so it might have been busier on the weekend). The rooms were nice, clean, and adequate. The housekeeping left a bit to be desired the second day around, but all in all, we enjoyed the room.Don't expect to be right in the heart of the action. I knew this before we arrived, having been to the Strip many times before. There's a monorail that runs all day and is accessible through the Sahara (across the street from the hotel, about a 5 minute walk) that will take you to all the bigger casinos. This is a good place to go if you want to be in a quieter part of the strip, don't mind walking to get to a casino, and are okay with the pool bar as being your sole source of quick eats (otherwise, you have to leave the hotel to get some food). Did I mention that I loved the pool? :)	
May 28 2009 	A Hidden Gem at the End of the Strip	Vacationed in Vegas for a week. Started out staying in the Bellagio, but moved to Hilton Grand Vacations Club on the strip through RCI (as planned). Believe it or not, we liked it much more that the Bellagio. We didn't have to walk to miles to get to our room. Our suite was quite roomy and very comfortable. We had a nice size kitchen, dinette, small den, fairly small bathroom and bedroom, but we did have a King size bed.The pools were wonderful! A little bar and grill by the pool. Small deli/coffee shop/store with extremely overpriced foods. However, the coffee and tea were great! A cab ride down to the main area of the Vegas strip cost us around $15. Discovered a wonderful diner called The Peppermill, within walking distance. Directly across the street from The Stratosphere. A pharmacy was also within walking distance where you could buy much less expensive beverages and snacks to take back to your room.The location is not in the heart of the strip, but at the end of it. Close enough for comfort and it was nice to get away from the mobs. Cabs were plentiful and we never had to wait in line to catch one! (Unlike the hotels in the heart of the strip). Staff was friendly and accommodating.No complaints. We'd highly recommend this hotel.	
May 27 2009 	Very comfortable hotel no casino which was a good thing	I stayed at HGVC on the strip from May 8 to May 17, 2009 and found it to be a great experience. I had stayed here the previous year and loved it so much i had to come back. The room was very comfortable and the mini kitchen was just what I needed with a fridge to hold my orange juice for the morning and beer for the evening. The toaster was all I needed to make toast and jam in the morning too and it helped me to stay away from the fatty breakfast buffets at the other hotels. There's no casino which I found to be a good thing after spending a good part of the day at the Riv and the Bellagio. It was nice to come back to a quiet place after all that. The pool was very good and relaxing as well. I had a minor problem with my internet connection one day but it was quickly resolved by calling the phone number, at no charge, that the front desk gave me when they gave me the HGVC internet password. Even though it is a fair distance from the main strip, the Duece bus stops often enough in front of the hotel so it was no big deal. 7 dollars for a 24 hour bus pass, up from 5 dollars a year a go. The CVS Pharmacy next door had everthing you need food, drink and snacks so I didn't need to shop at the inhouse deli/store and it was cheaper too and open 24 hours. Ate at the steakhouse in Circus Circus twice during my stay and it was awesome. Big portions and very tasty. The first time I was there I had to get a doggy bag because I couldn't finish the huge cut of prime rib they served me. First time that has ever happened. Anyways, I throughly enjoyed my stay at the HGVC on the Strip and I'll go back there every year from now on.	
May 26 2009 	Best Suite Value in Vegas!!! Don't stay anywhere else.	I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas over the years, for work and pleasure. This is the Best of the Best, the Suites at this hotel are amazing. Huge room, very stylish, Bathroom is huge, suites have a full kitchen, great living room with Flat Screen TV. Amazing value, transplant these suites to the Wynn, or Bellagio and they would be hundreds of dollars!!! Most of the year these suites are less then $200 a night. Perfect Hotel for the non casino needing vacationer.	
May 26 2009 	Decent for families but not close to anything "on the strip"	We stayed at the Grand Vacations Club over Memorial Day weekend to celebrate our son's 21st birthday. Planned to do a little gambling, but not much. More to see the sites, as our 15 yr old son was also with us. Room was perfect - 2 bedroom suite with kitchen. We ended up with this &quot;deal&quot; due to a phone call from the Hilton and sold us on the deal because of price, and the two bedroom, we jumped at it.Had to sit thru a 2 hr timeshare presentation. Didn't feel it was too high pressured and didn't opt to purchase. Room met all our needs. Pool was nice, but get there early to get a lounge chair.However, I would say, to get anywhere on the strip, you had to go to the Sahara to catch the monorail. Was inconvenient I guess. We are a pretty active family, but it did wear on is after awhile, walking and walking. Just took up too much of our 4 day precious time. Anyone who thinks they can go to Vegas without walking is not being realistic. You have to walk. Heck just to get thru one casino is quite a bit of traveling.I would recommend this hotel to families who want a nice hotel for value with a nice pool. However the timeshare was right in the middle of our vacation and took up valuable time. If you don't want to spend too much time on the strip this hotel is great. I had researched the hotel on Trip Advisor and learned there was a CVS pharmacy right around the corner. When we got to the hotel, we walked around the corner and &quot;loaded up&quot; on cereal, milk, sandwich fixings, beverages (beer, juice, etc.) which was very smart. Just ask at the front desk how to get there. Buying at CVS is better than the expensive Market in the hotel.I think next time we travel as a family, we won't go to Las Vegas until the 15 yr old is old enough. Truly, he was bored. Little kids would find the &quot;free&quot; exhibits thrilling, but teens that age probably shouldn't witness the night life, if you know what I mean. Walking down the strip at 10 p.m.... well, let's just say you see a lot of plastic, fake and skin.We were just glad to spend time in the hotel with our kids. So we felt it was worth it in the end.	
May 25 2009 	Nice place but location not so great	My wife and I went here on the 3 day timeshare tour package. We did the 90 minute timeshare presentation which was fine. We had Gordon who was an experienced timeshare salesman but not pushy. We did 3 nights for $179 and got back $100 to gamble. We actually took the cash! :) It was just my wife and I for a romantic weekend. We are both about 40. Kids were left at home. We typically stay at Hyatt's, Four Seasons, and other nice places. Overall I liked this Hilton and, for the price, it was great. However, I would not pay &quot;full&quot; price here. The pool was nice but not warm enough even in late May. Poolside bar was good but there is only one wait staff helping the pool and she only did food. Not a big deal but I like to have my drinks delivered to my chair. The chicken quesadillas were excellent! Breakfast at the pool side restaurant was ok but not great by any means. The pool area was too shady so prime sun time is only a few hours. Not enough chairs for the number of guests so had to get lucky to get a decent chaise. The gym was very small and inadequate. Had to wait for machines. I am used to higher level places where one would never wait for a machine at the gym. I was there about 7:00 AM and it was already busy two days. I went for a nice run down the strip the other day which was awesome at 7:00 AM. The location is about 1 mile to the big mile at, what I consider to be, the &quot;end&quot; of the strip. So it's always a walk or a cab ride. Not a huge deal but I prefer to be in the heart of things. It's a bit sketchy walking back late at night so cab mandatory in my opinion. The service was good overall and the store downstairs had what you need. Only one computer with free boarding pass check in made for a short line. We had a one bedroom suite which was very nice and spacious. Gave my wife the quiet room to sleep in while I got ready for the gym in the morning. We like having the extra space. I would stay here again on the timeshare deal but would not pay rack rates. Oh ya, we saw Zumanity which was interesting. I would say 6 out of 10. Not for faint of heart though.	
May 6 2009 	Situational stay	We were approached for a time-share trip a few months back and with incentives the room would have only been $25/day for 2 days, so we booked and paid for it then. Then, one of us lost our job which changed our annual income level and the hotel didn't want us anymore since they figured we wouldn't be buying anything. After telling them my airfare was non-refundable, they said we could still come, but there would be no incentives (bringing the room to $50/day) and we would not be given a &quot;facity tour&quot; aka: time share sales presentation. It was worth the extra $25 a day. No one approached us, no one hassled us - they didn't even mention it upon arrival. We checked out 2 days later with no problems. It was a nice stay, but we didn't use the facilities at all and wouldn't necessarily recommend the hotel to someone going on vacation - it was just convienent, but not a destination.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great Pool	If you into mild indulgences like sipping drinks and laying by the pool - this is a great hotel. You don't have to be super glamorous either. Drawback is that it's not that close to the strip's restaurants or attractions (except the Stratosphere), and does not have it's own restaurant, only a super-over-priced crappy market and a nearby CVS if you're into microwaved food. At least the rooms are well-equipped for you to eat in them.The pool is awesome - although more for tanning and hanging out than it is for the sport of swimming. The fitness center is also cool.In general the place is very clean and the service is excellent. A sure bet for comfort.	
Apr 22 2009 	Not up to HGVC Standards	We stayed 3 nites in a 1-bdrm suite. Full kitchen was large and more than we needed since we didn't cook, but would be more than adequate if one wanted to. If you want to be in the center of the action on the Las Vegas Strip, this is not the place for you. On the other hand, if you want peace &amp; quiet, this is a good property because it does not have a casino and is on the far north end of the strip. To get anywhere, we had to walk a fair distance, take a cab or the bus. (The city Deuce bus is a good deal at $7 pp for 24 hours if you want to make several trips with on-&amp;-off privileges all the way from Fremont Street (old downtown) to the south end of the strip near the airport.) Note: This is NOT the Hilton that is on the monorail system. That one is about 4 blocks away. We did the sales pitch &amp; agree with another reviewer - longer and more pressure than we expected. The concierge was very helpful in planning our trip to the Grand Canyon and a couple of shows. Her suggestions were &quot;right on&quot;. We have stayed at several HGVC's (we are owners) and while the property is nice w/ several quality amenities, we don't feel this one is as nice as otehr HGVC's we've stayed at. Not as clean and needs a little maintenance.	
Apr 22 2009 	Diminished Value but still high quality	I’ve stayed at this location numerous times. Mainly because of repeated value, large rooms, generously furnished with all the creature comforts of home. I love that they have a full size fridge, and washer and dryer for laundry.Unfortunately this property continues to have diminished value for renters. From the $8/day (4/2009) charge for self parking, and now a suite upgrade charge. When I booked the reservation I was of the understanding that Hilton Honors members received complimentary upgrades as they would at a normal Hilton hotel. Unfortunately, I found out at check-in that they now charge $50/night for an upgrade to a suite. I really wish I knew that when I booked the reservation. Yet, they probably know in their pricing structure that I would have avoided booking at the hotel altogether.In addition to the losing the complimentary upgrades, HHonors members that rent also lose the $10 coupon to the 1st floor marketplace.I found several hallway corridors in tower two to have an absolutely putrid smell. Just nasty. Yet, the rooms were clean and had a more neutral scent.My biggest room complaints continue to be shower water pressure and their television sets. They have nice 42” widescreen lcd’s but no HDTV images feeding them. Further, they restrict menu access to the television’s functions and you can’ t correct the aspect ratio. So, the TV’s stretch 4x3 programming.	
Apr 20 2009 	Perfect hotel for a Business trip	I just recently stayed at the Hilton Grand and I must say it was better than I expected. I was looking for a hotel to stay for three days while on a business trip. I did not want to stay in a hotel with a casino. This was perfect. It was at the end of the strip. Far enough away that I didn't have to hear or see all of the people walking the strip but close enough that I could drive down the strip if I wanted to. The bed was nice and comfortable....my favorite part of the stay. I would definitely go back to this hotel.	
Apr 16 2009 	Nice rooms but location stinks	We stayed here for 3 nights. The rooms and facilities were all good. But the location was terrible if you plan to spend much time on the strip. You have to drive or take a cab anywhere you want to go. We did the time share presentation and it definitely took longer than they said it would and was a little more high pressure than I would have liked. They didn't want give up easily but eventually they realized we weren't interested.The high speed internet was not high speed at all. Very slow! We stayed in a one bedroom suite and the full kitchen is pretty nice if you plan to do much cooking. $8 per day for parking was a bit of a rip-off I thought.	
Apr 14 2009 	Very Good hotel/time share	We stayed there March 22 to 29th . Location isnt the greatest if you want to gamble but the monorail to the strip is only a block away at the Sahra.This is a great hotel that is clean, comfortable, roomy and has good customer focused staff. I would stay there anytime.	
Apr 9 2009 	Great timeshare experience right on the strip!	Today is Day 5 of our seven-day stay at the HGVC on the Vegas strip and we are truly enjoying our vacation. We stayed here last August and loved it so much that we booked a second trip here. The resort itself is well appointed and conveniently located on the northern side of the main strip past the Wynn and Circus Circus.Check-in was quite easy, and although we were offered to take a tour of the timeshare property (compensation would be $40 per person and a dinner voucher) we politely declined and there was absolutely no pressure. We have a two-bedroom suite in Tower 1 on the 22nd floor. We stayed in this tower on our previous trip, so we cannot compare our accommodations to those in Tower 2, but we love our set-up. Full kitchen with dining room table and four chairs, washer/dryer, adjoining living room with very comfortable couch, chair and ottoman, two bedrooms each with a queen bed and TV and bathroom. The second bedroom is a lock-off with its own little mini kitchen. The master bath is huge and has a jacuzzi tub. We love this place!There is a spacious pool area....a little chilly to swim in April, but it is not stopping some people from taking a dip since the water is somewhat heated. There is also a huge deli/marketplace, a nice gym with free weights and treadmills, and a lounge area with a pool table, seating area with TV, and ping pong table. Free WiFi throughout the resort!The staff is very friendly -- Linda the security guard is the best! She is absolutely sweet and goes out of her way to make you feel very comfortable. The only drawback for visitors is the $8.00 parking per day. This fee was not in place last summer. RCI members do not have to pay this fee. The parking garage is in a separate facility, and you must park above Level 4, so it takes a good 10 minutes to park your car, exit the garage, and walk to the resort.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great hotel lousy weather	We had the chance to book some timeshare space with Hilton through our INtraWest (Whistler) points, and booked a 2 bedrom and a one bedroom for a week long holiday with family. Coming from Canada we hoped for warmer weather and for us it was at least plus 10, while back home was -30, but it was not ideal pool weather. However the pool at the HGVC is great. COuple of lounging areas and pools, and hot tubs etc, it was great! Even if the wind blew your towel across the deck! The gym/fitness area was great, and worth a stop in there every morning to wear off the buffet bulge from the previous evening.The check in folks were great, even allowed us to check in early, as our flights got into Vegas around 10AM, and we checked in around noon! Rooms were great, full kitchen etc and great views of Vegas. We went and got groceries for the week and cooked breakfast everyday, then ate at restaurants in the evenings. Saved a good chunk of money!We asked all around for what shows were good. We asked before we left, and people who had been before etc, and everyone said you gotta see Blue Man Group.NOPE! No way, dont do it. Dumbest show on the strip. We thought we won the lottery... even though we were time share owners already we went for a 60 minute presentation with HGVC and so did our family. By doing so we all got Blue Man Group tickets for only $25, saving us $75 each. SO we went to the show thinking we had hit the jackpot to be able to get great tickets for an amazing show. WRONG. Should have taken the casino chips they were offering instead. What a terrible show...... anyhow, back to the hotel.... they DID NOT pester us for their timeshares. In fact we had to seek them out to get a visit in. Their staff were amazing to deal with.Once we walked the strip, EVERY corner has a vendor trying to give you a pitch to their timeshares. It was so annoying. I hated it. I hated them and the kids on the strip tapping their porno business cards and shoving them in our face al day long.Back to the hotel.... again great set up for a lounge area, great location with a bus stop roght in front of the hotel. But get on the Duece before 4PM or you will wait a long time because they will just drive by you when full. If you are in a hurry, cross the street to the Sahara and get on the Monorail, you will be at the other end of the strip in 10 minutes!!!The best show in vegas is Cirq de solei 'O' IT is a must see!Hungry and want lots of food for great price, the Nascar Restaraunt across the street at the Sahara...great prices and so much food. In fact, keep your bus ticket from the Duece, go to the Cash Counter at the Sahara and they will validate it for you and then take it to the Nascar area and get a free appetizer....worth about $8 and is enough food to count as a meal!!!!The construction across the street...no issues at all. Our room looked right at the new building and we did not hear anything from them all week long.Folks complaining about walking i Vegas, should not go to Vegas, cause you are going to have to walk. Either form bus stop to stop, or to monorail, or to the parking lot etc..... you need good shoes, and strong legs.....and a knowledge that you will walk lots. I did not like the cost of iinternet in the business centre either. HGVC should own that and not outsource it to an outside firm that gouges their customers.But the internet in the rooms was free if you had a laptop.Also, the PLanet Hollywood Buffet is the best. The atmosphere is blah, but the food is AMAZING. The second best buffet is the PARIS, amazing atmosphere like a street cafe in Paris, and the food was good. $24.99 in both places, but all you can eat crab legs, king shrimp, prime rib, steak, lamb, turkey, veal, etc etc etc.... well worth it.Overall, I would not come back to Vegas, once you have seen it, the lustre wears off. For a one time visit it was OK. The HGVC was great, and would love to stay at another property of theirs in the future and once we add to our time share holdings, we will for sure buy with them as they have a pile of great properties that we would love to visit.	
Apr 6 2009 	Fees out of control	This was my second time staying there. This visit, they finished their parking garage and charged $8 night for self-park. So it was not only more inconvenient (needed to park on 3rd floor or above due to lower floors reserved for valet), it also cost you. I made the mistake of thinking I could leave my laptop at home and use the business center for incidental searches on the internet for things like directions and local businesses. Wow - they wanted a credit card and $3.00/minute to use their computers in the business center. Even by Vegas standards that is obscene. I thought a business center was intended to be a help to a traveler - not a way to rip them off. What are they thinking? Anyway, I really enjoyed my previous stay, but the fees and inconvenience this time really soured me on this place.	
Apr 5 2009 	Fabulous Resort for Families with Kids	This resort is located on the quiet end of the strip which was great for traveling with kids. We were in Tower 1 and never once heard a peep from the construction across the street or from other rooms that has been mentioned in other reviews. The pool atmosphere was very comfy complete with a bar/grill and wait service. There were also six gas grills with utensils where you can cook your own burgers if you choose. There's a major grocery store about a mile down Sahara that offers mcuh better prices than the on-site market.The room was perfectly stocked and there wasn't a blemish on any of the furniture or carpeting. The housekeeping staff did a wonderful job keeping the room and resort spotless. The bedroom and living room had separate thermostats which easily controlled the temperature. The location was not great for walking to restaurants or shopping, so a having a car was a big help. The resort across the street is due to open this fall with shopping and 27 restaurants, so that will improve. If you rent a car, you can drive to the lot by the Flamingo where the parking is free and puts you in the center of a shopping and food mecca.The valet parking was $13/day and worth it when you consider the parking lot is a long walk and still costs $8/day. The valet staff were always fast and courteous.The spa appeared to offer several upscale services; however, it ws priced similar to what you would find at the upscale hotels on the other end of the strip. We will definitely return when traveling with children and focusing on a family vacation.	
Apr 4 2009 	if you are lucky enough to book a room here DO IT!	this was the best hotel that i have ever stayed in. breath taking views of the mountains and far away from the busy strip enough to sleep at night, but close enough to walk in your high heels there and back three times a day. The bed was so comfortable with a fantastic down comforter and Egyptian cotton sheets. The staff was super friendly and the place was cleaner than clean. We got the room at a great price and it was the best. Fridge and microwave in the room to save you a few pennies from not having to order room service or go out to eat every night, this is the perfect place to take you and your loved one(s) to enjoy Las Vegas. They even had free Wifi! I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone and i cant wait until i can go back. thanks las vegas hilton!	
Mar 27 2009 	A Quiet Break from the Strip	We also visited as a result of a timeshare offer. We stayed in a studio room 23710 - which was in Tower 2. We had a fantastic view of the city - especially at night. Yes, there is a lot of construction surrounding the property, but that just means that it will be in a great spot in the future when the new buildings go up. In the next few years the north end of the strip will be really happening!Our room was spacious and had all the amenities we needed. There was daily housekeeping service and the staff were friendly, polite and helpful. The best thing about this property is: No casino, no bar, no noise, no smoke. After having all of our senses overstimulated during our excursions along the Vegas strip, it was nice to be able to BREATHE and RELAX in our quiet, comfy room.Also the wireless Internet was free - which is a real treat compared to most places. We didn't have a car, so parking was not an issue.	
Mar 22 2009 	Beautiful and Quiet off the strip	I accepted Hilton's invitation for their promotional visit, becasue I needed to be in Vegas for a trade show. Two nights at $109, $50 gambling tokens, and some Honors points, to boot! All I had to do was sit through a two hour time-share presentation. I have never accepted one of these invites before. This property is truly lovely. The entrance is elegant, and feels very top class. The amenities are quite nice, and the 24 hour deli on the first floor is reasonably priced. My very basic room was clean, with a fridge and microwave, and was on the 19th floor, with the best view of Vegas I have ever seen in my 56 years. I know they also have grand suites. That said, I would never invest in a time share, at whatever price, because I like to keep traveling to new locations, not return to old ones. So, here's the bad part. The sales presentation is an insult to anybody's intelligence, much worse than the old health club sales pitch. They talk to you as tho you were an idiot. But, I lucked out, because I did not have my boyfriend with me. The amateur and incompetent sales lady walked excused herself and walked away, never to return, after only five minutes! Yeah! I got all goodies and was able to get back to the trade show!So, I would recommend this place if they're running a special, but I would not recommend the sales pitch.	
Mar 22 2009 	Very nice but not outstanding	Being a Hilton Honors member, I received a promo package for the Hilton Grand Vacaton Club ( timeshare property) on the Las Vegas Strip for 2 night stay and was required to attend a 90 minute sales preview. The price was $162 for both nights and I received a voucher for $150 in chips at the Las Vegas Hilton. Any chance I get, I will go to Las Vegas, just let me know where to sign up! The property is at the far north end of the strip, near the Sahara and Stratosphere Tower. Personally, I prefer to be near the action at Flamingo Rd, where the Bellegio and Caesar's Palace is located. The traffic on the strip can be a nightmare, so not being close is a pain.This being a timeshare property, they have studio, one, two and three bedroom units. I received a studio room and it is about the size of an average hotel room. It was in Tower 2, which is the newer building. There will eventually be a total of four towers. The room was bright, clean and new, with flat panel TV ( Tower 1 does not have the flat panel), DVD, small table with 2 chairs, lounge chair, king bed, small bathroom and &quot;kichenette&quot; ( microwave, undercounter refrigerator, sink, toaster, coffee maker, dishware for 2 ). Personally, if I was here (even by myself) for a week, it would be too small. I loved the Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries, but I was disappointed that robes were not provided. There was in room safe and closet with enough hangers. The towels were plush and the bed was comfortable with nice linens. The property has wireless internet and computers ( for a charge) in the Business Center. The Activity Center has computer for printing out boarding passes for free, ping pong, large screen TV, pool table, books. There is DVD rental, ATM, Fitness Center (24/7) and laundry facilities ( no charge) on site. The Spa looked appealing and for $10 day use fee, you get robe, use of steam room, and relaxation lounge with beverages. The treatment prices were about average and it's convienient to have a spa facility on site. The pool was ok size with the Waves poolside bar and restaurant. I have to say the service was poor. I was sitting by the pool, never got any attention and flagged someone down to request a menu, they never came back. The Marketplace is adjacent to the pool and has a deli, drinks, snacks and packaged food for sale. I walked in there to buy my sandwich and brought it back out to eat at the pool. It is open til 1 am, so it is a great amenity. There are Cabanas for rent, two whirlpool spas, BBQ grills and eating area and seemed to be enough lounge chairs and towels. There were two lifeguards on duty, which is a good idea with all the kids there. There were 39 floors and I was on the 4th floor overlooking the trash and air vents. My car was parked on a higher floor than me! The walls are very thin and I could hear every word the couple in the room next door said. The trash pick up came at night and the noise was also disturbing. Everywhere in Vegas, parking is free ( even valet ) except at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club. Self park is $8 and Valet is $13. If you self park, you have to park on level 4 or higher, then you have to trek to the bldg. There is really nothing close to this property, except the CVS pharmacy next door ( which is nice to have), so you are forced to rent a car or cab it everywhere. The sales presentation was what is to be expected. Obviously, they want you to purchase a timeshare, but I already am an owner with Starwood and I think that its a better program than what the Hilton has to offer. Although, the upcoming new Hilton timeshare property in New York City on West 57th and 6th Ave, sparked my interest (unfortunately, it's very expensive with high annual maintenance fee).I'm a shopper and not a gambler, so I cashed in my chips for $150 and my stay was virtually free. I can't complain about that and for that reason (great value) I give the property an overall good score, as it was &quot;very nice, but not outstanding&quot;. Even looking at the prices on Expedia ( for stay in March) , the cost per night was very reasonable, so it's definitely a good low cost option!	
Mar 11 2009 	Not the Vegas fun that you are looking for	We went on a $100 two night offer as long as we took a 2 hour tour. We left as soon as we got there. Hear is what is missing.No RestaurantNo BarNo GamblingNothing, went ot Ceasar's instead.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great Hotel neighborhood is up and coming	This is my favorite hotel because of the great 1 bedroom suites. The beds are so comfortable and the bathroom is quite nice w/thick, lush towels. Living room and kitchen allows for a nice combination of good work space and social time with business colleagues. Would be great for small families. TV offers many channel choices. DVD player is included.The location is a bummer--not close to any great hotels/casinos/restaurants. But that is soon to change. Fall 2009 is the scheduled opening of Fontainebleau, an upscale hotel casino resort across the street. They boast 4000 rooms and the construction right now is enormous. I was located on the construction side of Tower 2 and was not terribly disturbed by their nearly 'round the clock work. Some previous reviewers have been bothered by noise. Due to dust by neighboring construction, the windows are dirty--again previous reviewers have noted this. But, it was the least of my concerns.Staff throughout the property were kind and professional. My room was serviced each day of my 5 night stay. I will return again as long as the rates are competitive. The one extreme negative: $8.00/day parking fee, $13.00/day valet. Ridiculous.	
Feb 23 2009 	Nice units...distant location	We are owners at this property and have stayed here a couple of times. The units are consistently clean with nice furnishings and high quality entertainment systems. We booked a two-bedroom unit which provided four of us with privacy and enough room so that we never felt overcrowded.The living area consists of a good-sized kitchen with appliances including a full oven and washer and dryer. We saved a good deal of money by having our breakfasts in the room. We were also able to pack much lighter as I did a load or two of laundry every day to keep us in clean clothes. There is also a small dining area and decent sized living room with a large flat screen TV and DVD system. All of the furniture was very comfortable.The bedrooms both had king beds and adjoining bathrooms. The guest bedroom had a small seating area and kitchenette. The master bedroom had a large jacuzzi tub. The beds were very comfortable and everything was very clean.I called on a number of occasion for additional towels and toiletries and they were brought to our room immediately. They don't provide daily housekeeping. I wish they would as we've been to other timeshares that have it. Otherwise, you are responsible for making the beds and keeping the area clean.The hotel is a bit off the strip and not really within walking distance of any of the better casinos. We had a rented car, so this wasn't too much of a problem. The valet fee went up to $15, which I thought was high considering that you tip the valets whenever you go to either park the car or retrieve it. It does start to add up.My husband and I used the spa for massages. The spa itself is compact and very clean. The steam room is fantastic with nice showers nearby. The massages were well done. What we especially liked is that the price they quoted us included the gratuity and all of the taxes. That was a nice change as we're accustomed to having all kinds of charges tacked on.They seemed intent on trying to sell us an additional timeshare. I was candid from the time they started calling me at home before the trip and once we arrived that we weren't interested. That didn't stop them from calling and trying to get us to come in for a preview.Overall, we really enjoyed the trip and liked the spacious rooms at the hotel. We'd definitely stay here again.	
Feb 21 2009 	Aweful Experience decent location	This hotel looks beautiful, however is far from being on the vegas strip. Location was decent, however the staff and sales people are terrible. If you are looking for a carefree vaction with little stress, this is not the hotel for you. They nickle and dime you to death, which normally does not bother me. Will never return to this hotel, especially after hearing it has bed bugs. Many places that are better.	
Feb 10 2009 	a little far from the action	So the Hilton overall is a very nice hotel. The rooms were clean and soundproof so we had a relaxing nights sleep. The beds were also very comfortable. The only qualms I had with the hotel was the location and lack of casino in the lobby. You would have to venture out to find a casino and the hotel is on the end of the strip. The cab ride does cost a pretty penny to get to the main areas. Otherwise, I don't think I'd book here again based on location. The hotel itself however is a good deal.	
Feb 2 2009 	Second time NOT as good!	Having stayed for a week at this very same property in August of 2008, I recommended it to my colleagues on a recent trip to Las Vegas. I couldn't have been more embarassed!When there in August, we found the suite in Tower Two (Which they make a big deal of telling you: &quot;OH! You're in the newest Tower!&quot;) to be amazing for the price. Nowhere else on the strip could you find a one bedroom suite that sleeps 4 comfortably with plenty of room to relax and complete with a full kitchen for under $200. I could have been (and was to a certain degree) a spokesperson for them. The rooms were brand new, and a great value. Unlike the old strip, these rooms have never been smoked in. They're not old smoking rooms which have been converted. They are honest to goodness non smoking rooms. However...this time I was shocked to find that the carpet in my room was not only stained in several places, but worn clean through to the point that it was torn! The moulding around the door in the bathroom was warped so badly, that it was curling up from the floor, and the paint was coming off. The funny part was, they convinced my collegue and I to do an abbreviated version of the time share tour. (They claim it's not time share...but it's time share...&quot;deeded&quot; or not, it's a timeshare). In the midst of her speech, the sales woman was telling us that our $865 maintenance fees assured us that each of the properties were maintained to the highest standards, and that we could expect the same quality no matter where we travelled. At that point, I allerted her to the shoddy state of my own suite. She put on a good &quot;shocked&quot; face, and assured me she would have me moved, and send someone up to inspect the state of the room. Of course that never happened! The 90 minute tour garuntees you $100 in credit to resteraunts or gaming, or shows. The 15 minute tour only gets you a fraction off of ticket prices. Well, we were told that our time was valuable and it would only take 15 minutes. We FINALLY cut her off after ONE HOUR. Still, we were only offered the 15% off of show tickets. Then, as if we were fools, the tickets they offered us at discount prices, were MORE EXPENSIVE than if you purchased them yourself from the Venue!!!! Both my collegue and I were very insulted. Not to mention ANGRY that they had taken one hour instead of the quoted 15 minutes of our time. Perhaps the most frustrating part of the week, was that we had a strip view. It did, however come with a cost!!! They are doing construction directly across the street. The windows haven't been cleaned in what looks like a year or two, and the construction dust has made them FILTHY! So bad in our suite that it actually impeded your Strip View for all of the grime. And the construction goes on 24/7. Everyone we spoke to was awakened EVERY NIGHT around 2 or 3am by the beeping and banging of construction vehicles. Doesn't make for a peaceful nights sleep regardless of how comfortable the bedding is. In my opinion (which was shared by many others), Hilton should have notified it's guests that there was construction going on. I understand that they want to make money, but they've just lost some repeat business as far as we're concerned. Now there are a few positives. The cleaning staff is fantastic. Friendly and professional and willing to go above and beyond to meet your needs to the best of their ability. The workout room is perfcect for when you're on travel. Nothing fancy, but plenty of cardio machines and a few weight stations to work the muscles. The hot tub and pool are open year round which is nice. The CVS is within walking distance (right next door) to grab a few groceries instead of paying the outrageous resort prices for food on property. As wonderful a value as it may seem for the strip, don't be lurred in. The suites are shoddy, the timeshare folks think they are above you, and if this property is indicative of how they maintain their others, who would want to throw their money away in this &quot;investment&quot;?I am so disappointed that from August until now, the place and it's staff have seemed to loose their luster.	
Jan 31 2009 	Nice Hotel not a fan of the location	I just returned from this hotel spent 1/28-1/30 there. The room was great like many others have said. I was in tower 2 (the new one apparently). New full kitchen, big family room, dining table for four, flat screen tv, then a king size bed in a separate room, w/ a full tub and separate shower. The bathroom could be accessed from each room, which was nice. The place was incredibly clean and the staff was super helpful and nice.There is not much else to say that has not been said in other reviews so I will just point out my likes dislikes:Likes: free wireless internetAs a diamond I received 2 $10 coupons per day for food (it was for breakfast, but could be used anytime). Was able to use for snacks, drinks and breakfast. NO SMOKING anywhere a huge plus in my book.Dislikes:Pay for parking $15 valet $8 for self and it is a little bit of a hike to the lot. In this economy I can't see how they can justify charging for parking.No real places to eat, the shop has snacks and made to order pizza and sandwiches, plus tons of junk food, but no real restaurant.Location is on the strip but far from the action. Sahara and Circus Circus are 5-10 minute walk, but if you want to go to the nicer places it's a hike or a drive. Even though you were on the strip, I felt isolated. Since besides this hotel and its amenities there was not much to do in the surrounding area.	
Jan 30 2009 	Loved the Hotel	We had the opportunity to stay at this property in mid December. The Staff was great and the hotel was beautiful. The only part that I didn't like was it was difficult to get my elderly parent back to the hotel using the bus. Look forward to staying at this property again in the future!	
Jan 27 2009 	Absolutely loved it.	We stayed here on our last overseas vacation. We had 5 of us so had a king size suite which consisted of a lounge area with sofa bed, fully equiped kitchen with washer &amp; dryer and seperate bedroom and bathroom. We also had an adjoining room with seperate king sized bed and bathroom. Everything was of the best quality, nothing was cheap and nasty.Everything in the rooms was top standard. We had problems with the dishwasher when we first got there, it didn't work at all but was promptly taken care of. If you need to self-cater, this kitchen had everything you could think off.All staff were friendly, house keeping was excellent. Very clean. Small convenience store downstairs also very useful. Self-parking was no problem and although toward the end of the strip it was still close enough to everything. Can't rememember the name of the bus service that goes by every 10 minutes or so but that was an excellent way to get up and down the strip.We are planning on returning to Las Vegas this year and are definintely planning on staying here again. Only this time it will be warmer so can use the pool!	
Jan 25 2009 	One of My Best Time Share Experience	I've stayed at all three of the Hilton Grand Vacation Clubs in Las Vegas. I've found that these facilities are a notch above other timeshares in Las Vegas and most other locations. The majority of the guest who wrote reviews for the HGV on the Las Vegas Strip rated their experience as above average or better. I totally agree with their rating and comments. The features that impressed me were:Spacious living area (for the units with Kitchens); cleanliness of the guest rooms and facility overall; fully equipped kitchen; in-room washer and dryer with detergent; large fluffy bath towels; iron and iron board and free internet access (wired and wireless).Fortunately for me, I did not have any noise issues with neighbors or construction. The Fountain Bleu resort is under construction across the street but I couldn't hear anything unusual. The resort accommodates both time share and rental guest. Time share guest receive one towel/linen change on the 4th day, while rental guest have daily towel/linen service. The resort provides two packages of premeasurd Starbuck coffee that are enclosed in their own filter. If you want to brew your own, you may want to bring #4 cone filters as one previous guest recommended. The coffee maker in the no-kitchen units are smaller and uses the 4-8 cup basket filters.Parking was located in a structure one hundred yards away, but it was free so I have no complaint. The walk was good for me after eating all those buffet lunches and dinners.	
Jan 12 2009 	The Good Parts and Bad Parts	The GoodsThe room is gorgeous. I was very impressed. It's very new and clean, and smells clean, too. There was a separate soaking tub which I took advantage of. Awesome! Also, we had a king suite and there is a full kitchen. I was imagining a dinky &quot;kichenette&quot;, but it was a full size kitchen. I regret that we didn't use it more. Everything is there; bowls, plates, cups, utensils... And there is a washer/dryer with detergeant. That was fantastic. We actually did a load while we there.ambiance- very nice. There was no smokey, noisey casino to walk through. The lobby is pretty and quiet. We loved it, and felt very comfortagble.Amentities- they provide shampoo, cond, soap, and it's crab tree and evelyn. I love the smell. There is a gym on the ground floor, that I didn't use, but it was well equipped, and quite popular. There's a pool, but it was too cold to use. And there is a spa. I got my eyebrows done there, and it's a very nice spa, with spa prices (expensive!) However, they have a no tipping policy which was a refreshing change.The Bads...Well, like others have mentioned the parking lot is a bit of a hike. But it didn't bother us too much. Restaurants...yeah, just the little market place, which was okay, a little overpriced, but convenient.Location. This wasn't really a bad for us. We liked being on the strip, but not in the center. But if you are looking for the &quot;central&quot; strip, near the Bellagio and such, it is about a 30 minute walk. And it's not a very nice walk. There is a lot of construction going on, and beggars and such, but it is Vegas after all. I recommend buying the $5 bus pass. The double decker bus makes lots of stops, runs frequently and it's a fun way to sight see; however it does take a long time to get from point A to point B, so don't use it if you're in a hurry.I don't think we'll be going back to Vegas again. (I'm pregnant) but I would recommend staying here if you are a enjoy a clean, quiet hotel. We really liked it.	
Jan 1 2009	Weekend in Vegas thanks to timeshare presentation	The Hilton chain runs timeshare condos and this was a weekend package with very attractive rates provided one of our members participated in the timeshare presentation. Staying at the facility was just like staying at a nice hotel with all of the amenities. At the time of our booking, the Las Vegas facility was still in the final stages of completion and we may have been the first guests in our suite (or villas as they refer to 2-bedroom suites in Grand Vacations parlance). It was like moving into a furniture showroom for the weekend. Each room had some form of entertainment option; internet connection, a big screen TV with cable &amp; DVD in the master bedroom, big screen TV with DVD in the bedroom, whirlpool bath, you get it. The kitchen was big enough for two people to cook and had all the basic appliances; dishwasher, fridge, stovetop/oven, washer &amp; dryer, coffeemaker...The facility has a nice pool with water features, a pool-side bar with some food, a deli inside the hotel, a spa, an owner's lounge (nice). I booked the stay through the Hilton timeshare sales offices and it was a pretty pleasant experience. Compared to other timeshare organizations, Hilton's sales pitch is relatively low key. Terrible view out from our side of the facility.	
Dec 24 2008 	Standard in all respects nothing great nothing bad	I spent about 4 days at the HGV on the Las Vegas Strip while I was attending a conference in late 2008. There's no shuttle to the Las Vegas Conference Center. It's about 20 minutes' walk. There is an in-house airport shuttle, however, so getting out of town is easy.The hotel staff was mostly helpful and polite, and the room was surprisingly large and comfortable, and had a decent wi-fi signal for my computer (no extra charge). There was also a computer room downstairs all set up to print boarding passes, a nice thing to have the night before departure.The restaurant next to the pool and bar were less than ordinary. The food was mediocre microwave-grade camp chow, and the in-house &quot;market&quot; had instant pizza, fast-food sandwiches, and packaged snacks. You won't do any gourmet dining here! If you get the munchies, you'll find better deals on snacks at the CVS next door. Otherwise, plan on dining out or cooking in your room (mine had a full kitchen). The hotel's not very close to many restaurants other than the ones in the Circus Circus next door.Overall, there was absolutely nothing memorable about my stay, but there was nothing bad about it either, which is more than I can say for many previous trips to other hotels in Vegas. The HGV was very reasonably priced (I'm not a time-share member, and they didn't bug me to buy one) and had no casino, so there was no smoke in the building. To me, not having to walk through a casino to get to my room is a big plus. For that reason, I'll probably stay here again for next year's conference.If you're just looking for an economical, clean place to stay on the strip, the HGV is a pretty good choice. Just don't expect any Vegas-style excitement here.	
Dec 22 2008 	Not bad	This hotel is perfect if you don't want a casino and don't mind being a bit far from the Strip's epicenter. Our room was average size, the bathroom door was too big so when you opened it, it would almost hit the toilet. The little kitchenette was convenient and everything was clean. The main problem I saw with the room was that it communicated with the room next to it through a door. While this can be a bonus for families or groups staying together in adjacent rooms, for us it was a major inconvenient as we could hear our neighbors' conversation and tv all the time. We had an issue with the toilet but it was solved quickly and we even received a couple of follow-up calls to make sure everything was ok, which was much appreciated. The cleaning service did not do a very good job the first day, but the other two days everything was spotless. Another minus about the property is the lack of real restaurant on site. The little deli downstairs is really poorly managed, food is below average and overpriced. On the plus side, staff was nice and friendly, and we were granted a late check-out, which again was much appreciated given their early check out time. Just be aware that traffic on the Strip is terrible and getting to the main hotels from there can take up to an hour either by bus or taxi (in which case you will pay anywhere between $20-$30 for a little over a mile) so I recommend walking, weather permitting.	
Dec 17 2008 	HGVC Dependable High Quality Facility	Stayed here before. As well as HGVC's 2 other Vegas properties over the past 10 years. They are all good. This one has slipped a bit. We were on a non smoking floor. Someone had smoked in the room prior to our arrival. Took a day or so to clear up. This is the first time there wasn't scratch paper and pen when we arrived. The room should have been cleaner. Other hotels and timeshares provide free pc's and printers in the lobby area. Found this recently at Embassy Suites and Hampton Inns, Hilton properties. HGVC should catch up with the competition. The above comments dropped them from the excellent rating.	
Dec 15 2008 	Nice property with a few issues	Stayed 4 nights in December for the last weekend of the National Finals Rodeo. Was initially disappointed -- as I thought we were at the HVC property at the Flamingo -- but overall, it turned out pretty well. Being in Hilton's newest property turned out to be a good thing.RoomsAs most of the reviews state, rooms are spacious and decently put together. Overall, I was very pleased and would generally agree with most of the the reviews posted. We were in a 2 bedroom suite. Couple of things I will point out, as to me, the little things are what make a difference in a place with so many lodging options.  - Kitchens are well stocked with dishes / pots / appliances- Beds very comfortable- Temperature a little hard to regulate -- your options are a dial that says warmer / cooler. Between rooms, setting the dial in the same place doesn't produce the same temperature.- We had some housekeeping issues in one of the bathrooms -- when you first check in, you expect clean which we didn't get. - I know it's a desert, and there's lots of construction going on, but i really didn't expect windows that were so dirty from the outside that you couldn't take a clear picture at any time of the day.- There wasn't a single notepad / pen in the unit. Ever try to work out dinner reservations / shows without something to write on / with?Front Desk / StaffNice, although staff was a bit stuffy on checkin. When we asked about a late checkout (which normally doesn't happen with timeshares) we got what we wanted. However, the staff member didn't think to fix our keys so we had to return to the lobby to have the keys redone.MarketNice to have this right there -- coffee, beverages, snacks, etc. High prices, but if you don't want to venture out, it's right there. You get better prices next door at the CVS.ConciergeApparently, Hilton contracts this out to Las Vegas Concierge. In my mind, this was the area in most need of improvement. They were slow and unprofessional. There were 4 different conversations going on while we were being helped. I can't think of a single reason that it should take 35 minutes to issue a pair of tickets when there are 3 people working a desk and no more than 2 parties at the desk at one time. I was initially really surprised that Hilton would accept this --- when I realized it was contracted out -- I was even more surprised that they'd let something like that potentially impact customer impressions of them.Facilities --Nicely laid out pool and hot tub -- although we didn't get to use as it was cold.... Nice size workout room, lots of equipment, and multiples of everything -- which is a good thing as it is always busy up til noon. The spa looked nice, but the prices were high enough to discourage us from taking part. I didn't expect to find prices on par with the big names on the strip.Transportation / Safety --We didn't rent a car. We did the 3 Day $28 monorail pass and it worked really well for us. It's less than a 10 minute walk down to the Sahara and through the casino to the monorail. There is a light with pedestrian signals to cross at. When we initially saw all the construction, we were a little worried about walking to the Sahara and back from the monorail at night from a safety perspective, but once we'd done it, we didn't worry anymore and had no issues. Some evenings we opted for a taxi instead and that worked well.OverallNice property. Nice way to get away from the craziness of the casinos while still being on the strip. Much more convenient than the off strip timeshares. However, with the number of other timeshares going up on the strip, they really need to watch their details to remain competitive.	
Dec 13 2008 	Hilton Grand Vacation Adventure From Hell	I've read a few reviews about this time-share hotel, and people have enjoyed their stays. I am not in the time share and I got the room from hell. When I called management to show them the gross, stained mattress and the non-Hilton quality bedding that didn't fit the bed, they were shocked and didn't know &quot;where the bed came from&quot;. They then tried to sell us a time-share. I slept on the couch for two nights, until the bed was replaced. They did tell us if we had anymore problems, to contact them.The toilet was broken and overflowed after it was repaired. No one showed to clean it up. Wallpaper was peeling off of the walls.I had a complaint every day, and not once did a manager follow up. The complaints were very legit. It was hard to make a complaint over the phone, as it was not working. When they finally fixed that, I had to contact management about another problem (the microwave alarm (?) would go off every morn at 4 am. and I couldn't shut it off. The hotel operater refused to transfer me to the front desk until she &quot;screened&quot; my complaint, to see if it was management worthy. She told me they get alot of prank calls for Paris Hilton. What that had to do with me....? One operator told me off.The night before we left I cut my foot in the jacuzzi. They sent me medical uniformed personnel, who had no medical training!I haven't included half of the problems we had. The last day I had to hand write a letter to one of five managers I had dealt with, as they charge to use the computers (my better half had my CC), and the line was long. Hilton never responded. I am now chasing them around trying to get the compensation I was promised.The hotel is at the end of the strip, not within walking distance of decent spots.No restaurant on site, the small deli/store was very overpriced. We usually stay at Hilton sister hotels such as Hampton Inns. Never any complaints. This is the seond time I have stayed at a Hilton and have had major problems. Didn't matter that I am a Hilton Honors member either. No more Hilton's for us. Maybe Paris is making the prank calls to tick Grandpa off!	
Dec 12 2008 	Fabulous place	I travelled over to Las Vegas with two friends and met up with a girlfriend from Reno, we spent the Thanks Giving week here at the Grand Vacations ClubFabulous large one bed apartmentGreat location easy to get to everywhere	
Dec 9 2008 	Fantastic room and staff... other guests well rude!	My Fiance and I stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacations through his parents who own the timeshare.We checked in before 4pm and had to wait for our room to be ready... it was a holiday weekend so I can understand the wait.We got a 2 bedroom suite which was on the 35th floor of Tower 2. The view was amazing and the &quot;dirt lot&quot; other reviews have been complaining about is now a very tall and still under contruction building (possilby condos). The Bell staff helped with our luggage and the valet parked our vehicle (which was not very expensive). After we got our room the front desk called the bell desk to give them our room number. When we got to the room the bellman was waiting for us! Our room was HUGE! Two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen (Only advise... if your drink coffee and want to bring your own, bring filters .. triangle #4). Also, if you get a washer and dryer, you can do laundry before you leave. Nothing like coming home with CLEAN clothes!It's a short walk to Circus Circus or the Sahara. We either drove to the Big locations off the strip (the Rio) or took the Monorail, which you can pick up at the Sahara. We also went to the Flamigo Hilton (located on the Strip and Flamigo Blvd). We had dinner at the Paradise Buffet and the price was great and the food and service was fantastic!The Main living room had a Bose Surround Sound System and a 42 in Plasma Flat screen. The main bedroom had a large king size bed, a TV, Jacuzzi Tub. The bed was super comfortable and the pillows were like putting your head on a cloud they were so soft. I have a bad back so it's so important to have a comfy bed! The main bathroom had a huge glass shower and 4 shower heads (the main one from the top and 3 body sprays). The second room was like a condenced version of the main suite with a bed and bathroom. We were invited to listen to the timeshare but we declined and they never bothered us again about it. Although, along the strip you we will be bothered by other timeshare people. The only bad thing about our stay was when we were talking to the gentleman at the Welcome Desk, another couple walked up behind us and RUDELY interupted our conversation. I wanted to turn around and ask them if the world revolved around them!Also, if you decide to go to the Rio Hotel for the Seafood Buffet, be prepared to wait (and spend $40 per person). They food was great but the location was so loud and the other people eating were... ummm... very impatient. They weould cut you off while waiting for the buffet line and grab food that you are reaching for. It was crazy!I have been to Vegas many times and this was my best trip yet. I almost didn't want to leave the room it was so nice!	
Dec 5 2008 	loved the casual feel	Hilton grand Vacations is a great warm and relaxed property.We had a 1 bedroom suite for 3 people and was perfect.The bathroom was huge and access from both living area and main bedroom, room has spa as well.The fully equpiied kitchen with all plates, glassware, full size fridge, washer and dryer was just what we needed a week into a vacation. The furnishings in the room were very comfy with huge surroud sound including dvd player.We had a room on 24th floor overlooking pool and it looked really nice. the reception area was also very relaxed and made you feel very welcome.A lot of other reviews had complained about how far and how un central this property was, well to be honest what hotel is central on the strip, and central to what??Since Frontier casino and another has gone there are hughe big vacant lots right along the strip, and must say that we walked one night to the Venetian hotel and it took 15mins at leisurly pace on a paved completly flat surface, so no problem at all.Right next to hote is 24 drug store which sells everything including alcohol, 5 mins walk is subway, mcdonalds, dennys, thereis actually more accessible this end of strip than other.but if taxi more your stly $10.00 will see you to the venetian.Las Vegas outlet centre is a must just past the airport approx $18.00 taxi, levis for $20.00 as well as many other specials, its a half day shopping experience.There is also The premium outlet centre approx $10.00 from hotel which is all the designer brands also very good deals, like Armani X change jeans orig $180.00 for $12.00, another half day shoppping experience. All in all very good value hotel $600AUD total for three nights, all prepaid thru expedia, very good rate.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great Hotel!!	My husband and I and another couple stayed at this property through an RCI exchange from November 16th - November 22nd and really enjoyed it. We had a two bedroom suite which is basically a one bedroom and a studio with a connecting door. It was perfect as you still had your privacy, but had a main gathering room to hang out in, have a few drinks, etc. We were not pressured at all to attend the time share presentation - they asked, we said no thanks, and they said no problem! Hotel is very attractive, has a small market downstairs which we found quite pricey, gym, and games room. The pool area was very attractive as well with a bar and several bbq's if you wanted to use them. The only thing I did not love about this hotel was the fact that it was quite far away from everything. Thank god there was the Deuce!!! This is a double decker bus that stops right outside the hotel and will take you all the way down the strip and back. We used it a lot!! It is only $2.00 one way or $5.00 for a 24 hour pass. Beware though that at times it is extremely crowded!! This was my first trip to Vegas and it was great and the hotel was too!!	
Nov 26 2008 	Enjoyed staying at this hotel	Just returned from a 7-night stay at HGVC on the strip. I based my selection of this hotel on the reviews from this site. I wanted a non-gaming hotel with a one-bedroom suite. I received exactly that at the HGVC. The suite was roomy and the bed was very comfortable. We had a great view of the northwest side of the valley with the mountains in the background – beautiful at night. There was a flat screen TV in the living area and one regular TV in the bedroom. CVS is a few steps away, which was very convienent to pickup some items to keep in the refrigerator (water, beer, wine, etc) at a better price than the hotel's market. The only negative was the location, however it is in a few minutes walking distance to many hotels and the Peppermill Restaurant. We walked up to Fashion Mall and The Venetian. We also rode the Deuce many times – sometimes walking was faster because the bus is very slow at peak times. Overall the stay at this facility was wonderful and we were not pressed into or attended any timeshare presentations. .	
Nov 25 2008 	Quiet Oasis at a Good Price	This hotel, which is really a timeshare, is a little bit away from the glitzy south end of the strip. It is a nicely run, well-constructed, piece of sanity where one can get work done (if that's the purpose of the trip) or simply rest up for another run at the shows and gambling. My room was a well-appointed 2-room suite with full kitchen. There's a small market area in the hotel where one can buy light meals or basic staples for eating in the room. There is also a grill area by the pool, which was not serving food during my visit, possibly becasue of the slow economy. The staff was quite helpful. I would happily stay here again. The only downside (for some) might be the lack of easy walking to the newer casinos, but the bus stops right in front of the property.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great Place Away from the Craziness	A friend was able to book us into the Hilton GVC on the Strip through his timeshare set up. It was a great deal working that directly through him. The hotel was outstanding. From the friendly staff, to the excellent and comfortable rooms, to the great pool area and snack bar, to the in-hotel convenience store/fast-food facility, you name it...it was excellent. Free Wi-Fi internet access, too. It's a fairly new facility, so not much wear and tear yet. Saw the GM one day really checking out the pool area and talking with staff individually apprently to remind them to pick up towels, etc., etc.; definitely a quest and concern for excellence and cleanliness. The place was spotless.The only negative is that you are a bit in no man's land in terms of location on the Strip, kind of between the new hotels/casinos on the one end and the older downtown/Freemont Street action on the other. This hotel itself does not have entertainment or casino on-site. It's really set up more as a family resort it seems. So if you want to catch the shows, etc. or visit the newer casinos, or for that matter visit the Freemont Street Experience (definitely worth it, by the way) you have to either really walk quite a distance (not easy in the summer heat!), or catch a cab or the convenient public bus that runs up and down the Strip. If you time it right and you're heading in that direction, there is a free bus from the Wynn resort that stops right at the door and takes you to that end of things from which you can then journey on as you wish. There is also a monorail system that you can travel by, but again, it's a bit of a hike to the nearest station.The closest hotels/casinos to the HGVC, if memory serves, are Circus Circus, the Sahara, and a bit farther afield the Las Vegas Hilton and the Stratosphere.The advantage to this hotel's location, of course, is that you are a bit away from the absolute chaos that goes on, especially near the newer sites on the other end of the Strip on weekends, in particular. Impossible to drive and even hard to find space on the sidewalk at times. If you thrive on constant action, then this is probably not the place for you. If you want a comfortable, very relaxing location from which you can then journey either direction to dabble in the Vegas distractions, then this is ideal.I would definitely stay here again. Highly recommend!	
Nov 11 2008	Not Bad If you want a non-gaming hotel away from the busy strip	This is a good hotel if you need to be near the convention center or want a non-gaming hotel. The rooms were nicely done- clean and recently renovated. We stayed in Tower 2. Although it is on Las Vegas Blvd (ie The Strip), it is at the very end near the convention center and far enough away that you have to take a cab to anything on the Strip. We had a hard time getting a cab in the evening as taxi drivers didn't come there unless they were dropping someone off. The worst thing about it is there was no food available after 1 am when the small store closed. There is no restaraunt on the grounds. The pool area was very nice and spacious, although too cold outside to use when we were there. The view from our room overlooked construction.	
Oct 24 2008 	A beautiful new non-gambling hotel on the strip	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in the middle of October for very good room rates. I had never been to Las Vegas before, so had read a lot about the strip ahead of time and was not surprised to see how far the hotel was from the main activities on the strip. It is about 2 miles from the center strip, that area that interested us the most with the big resorts like the Bellagio, TI, Caesars Palace, the Venetian, etc. The one bedroom suite we had, Tower 2, overlooked a desolate construction site and the Stratosphere and the Sahara were in view. it was still a very nice view at night from the 16th floor, despite the large nearly empty lot. The room was as others had described - be aware that not all one bedroom suites have jetted tubs or showers or DVD players, ours did not, but it did have all the other features mentioned and was very clean and well stocked with granite counter tops, plenty of towels, quality shampoo, Starbuck's coffee, etc. At first we could not get the phone to work (another guest had plugged it in wrong),, so a maintenance person came up right away and helped us out. For those who care about bedding, the bed was large and very comfortable, not too hard nor too soft.. Transportation was my biggest concern. I have trouble walking long distance on concrete, so I knew Vegas would be no picnic. There is really no FAST way to get to the center or south end of the strip except the monorail, ($5 a ride, one way) and it is quite a hike to get to it from the hotel. You have to cross a road that fortunately is not really very busy as there are no working pedestrian signals. You have to always go through a huge casino when you use the monorail, and up and down at least one set of escalators. The patter on the PA system of the monorail is hilarious - I guess they tried to make it funny and it is so corny, it is. .You end up making an even greater hike on the other end to get to the hotels. The Deuce -( the double decker city buses) - stops in front of the hotel about every 15 minutes and is new and clean , but can be very crowded to the point of having to wait for another one, and in traffic on Friday and Saturday it was amazingly slow - about 45 minutes from the top of the center strip to the hotel on one trip. It can be faster at times.... It is $2 EXACT CHANGE! Please don't ask the driver to change a $20!! And don't sit in the stairwell, or you will be shooed out. The shuttle to the Wynn- not well publicized at all, comes every half hour but ends quite early at night, about 8 PM, I would double check at the hotel - is free and is quite fast, about 10 minutes. The Wynn is at the very top of the center strip area. We did not try cabs, but we heard they are expensive and get caught in the same traffic. We contemplated walking from the Wynn to the hotel at night, but reconsidered when we saw blocks of very desolate areas we would have to walk by. All in all, we felt this non-smoky, non-gambling hotel was great, but if we went back to Vegas again, I think we would try to find an affordable place in the center of the strip. I did not compare prices, so maybe this is not entirely truthful! Overall, The Hilton Grand Vacation Club on the Strip is a great place.	
Oct 23 2008 	Las Vegas Vacation	We visited Las Vegas for the first time October '08. Being new members of the Hilton Grand Vacations Club, I read a lot of reviews before choosing the Hilton Grand Vac. on the strip. We stayed 2 nights at the Hilton Grand Vac. Club on the other property and found it a little to far away from things. Glad we had our week stay on the strip. Found the room on the 7th floor to be very comfortable and satisfactory. However, a drawer front on the cabinet where the TV was sitting in the living room fell off twice on my husband's foot! Ouch!!Staff at this place were very helpful &amp; great to deal with.The room was very quiet to sleep in. We had a one bedroom. The kitchen we equipped but to find groceries any where near by was a challenge. We walked &amp; traveled by the Duce bus so there wasn't much available for grocery shopping. The market on the first floor was way over priced! What there were for groceries were priced ridiculously high. On that note, we ate out most of the time. The best meal we had was at the Wynn buffet. The selection was fantastic...make sure you save room for desert!The only negative about the room was there was little closet space. No place to hang your jacket as you come in except the bedroom closet.We got &quot;sucked in&quot; to a 2 hour session listening to a time share presentation...wanting us to purchase more points. There should be a limit to how many times a person has to say NO. It was a waste of 2.5 hours of precious vacation time. We were given $100 towards show tickets in exchange. Not worth it!Shopping...well...go to the outlet mall - Las Vegas Premium Outlets. The best!We did the Grand Canyon helicopter tour. It was amazing. Very expensive but well worth it. We landed in the canyon &amp; had a picnic &amp; champagne lunch. The company we used was Papillon. Dan was our pilot. Great trip! Would highly recommend it. What a memory!!!Negative about Vegas: People standing on sidewalks flicking business cards at you advertising girls! Also, you couldn't walk anywhere without being harassed to go listen to a timeshare session &amp; they didn't want to take NO! Over all, our trip was a great one! Someday, I would go back.	
Oct 19 2008	Great Place To Stay	My husband and three children stayed in this hotel for 5 nights just over a week ago. We booked two 1 bedroom apartments, which were perfect. We didnt have adjoining rooms but they were right next door. Hotel was exceptionally clean and apartments were a great size, with a full kitchen bathroom and spa bath in the bedroom. We chose to stay here as there was no casino attached which is rare in Vegas. Free shuttle to the Wynn and also the Deuce bus picks you up outside the Hotel and stops at all the Hotels, casinos and shops all the way down the Strip for $5.00 for 24hrs. You are a fair way down the strip so we used these buses every day. Would definately stay here again. Staff were very helpful and friendly also.	
Oct 18 2008 	Non-casino option	On north end of strip, right across from Sahara and monorail. If looking for non-casino hotel, this is a good choice. We stayed in tower 2; room was huge with separate sitting area with couch and TV/DVD. Full kitchen, very nice and large bathroom. Bed was very comfortable with excellent pillows. Stayed on 21st floor, no city noise at all. Only stayed two nights and only negatives were morning we were leaving, the couple next door had the mother of all fights, throwing things, screaming. Could hear quite well. If we were staying would have either asked to move our or their room. We guessed not on their honeymoom-went on for couple hours while we were getting ready to leave. Other minor point-if enjoy watching DVD's from bed, can't here as there is a TV in bedroom but only DVD player is in sitting area. We payed $134/night which was very reasonable for such a large well-appointed room. BTW, no pressure from staff re vacation presentation. Received a call a week or so before leaving for LV, said not interested and didn't come up again.	
Oct 14 2008 	Love it here	Just returned from a long weekend in Las Vegas. I am a member of the HGVC, and have stayed at all three properties in Las Vegas that are managed by Hilton.Let me say that (with the exception of the rude person working the front desk in the spa) every person I spoke to at this resort (and the Flamingo) was very polite and professional.The one bedroom room was well stocked, clean and ready on time. I find that when reading others reviews . . . I have never had to wait for a room, usually receiving rooms prior to the check-in time. Also asked for a late checkout (2 hours) and was given this with no problem at all. I have NEVER had a problem with the staff. If you are an Elite Member, the have a separate lounge with a continental breakfast untill (I think) 10:30, then light snacks from 5-7 pm. The pool was well maintained, plenty of clean towels too. This is a nice resort to go to if you are looking to spend some time away from the crowds. There is not a lot of gambling around the resort, so if you are into that, you will either have to walk or drive. If you want to stay at a place that has a great location, pool, gambling, and close to shops try the Flamingo property.BUT, if you want to relax by a fairly quiet pool, friendly staff, smoke free, excercise room, small store, spa services ($$$), with a location midway on the strip . . . this is a good choice.	
Oct 14 2008 	Awesome!	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights, and it was wonderful. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, and the hotel (and our room) was immaculate. The pool was great, we relaxed out there every afternoon and it was pretty peaceful and quiet.As for the reviews complaining about the hotel's proximity to everything, these people must be lazy or something, because it was a 10 minute walk to the Wynn. Overall, we had an above average experience and will return!	
Oct 7 2008 	great value	great value and no casino. the only down side is that it could be a little closer to the heart of the strip .staff is very helpful and friendly .would defintely stay here again .great bed .great room ,	
Oct 1 2008 	Loved the room.	We chose this hotel because it does not have a casino in the lobby. Since we had our 10 year old with us, we wanted a more family friendly location. This hotel is beautiful. Our room was a one bedroom suite. The bedroom held a king size bed, TV, jacuzzi tub, and lounging chair. The tub was in an open area near the bed, next to the closet. The living area was spacious and well appointed. A full kitchen with everything you need to prepare a meal. Utensils, cookware, dinner ware, glasses, etc. A full size refridgerator, stove/oven, microwave, dishwasher, sink with disposal, etc. The thing we loved in the kitchen was tucked in a closet. The room had a stacked washer/dryer and two small boxes of laundry detergent. Since were were there 4 nights, we were able to throw or clothes and swim wear in the washer at night.The view wasn't to good. We looked out onto a construction sight. But the hotel was very quiet. No smoky smell anywhere. The pool was very nice.The only thing I did not like was the self parking. It's in a parking garage behind the hotel and if you do not valet you must park on the 4th level and up. Then the walkway from the garage to the hotel is fairly long. With luggage it was difficult.Otherwise, I loved the hotel and thought it was beautiful. The staff was great and the concierge was helpful in getting us show tickets.	
Oct 1 2008 	Beautiful Hotel	We arrived on Sept 25 for a three night stay. We are owners and used our points to stay at this location. We had a 3 bedroom condo. There was a total of 3 couples that stayed in the room. 40th b-day weekendArrival: we arrived around 12:30-1:00. Our room was not ready. We were very surprised since checkout is 10:00am for guest but we decided to leave and go get lunch. We called a couple of hours later still not ready. We called a couple more hours later around 4:15 and it still was not ready. By this time we are peeved to say the least. We decided to sit at the counter till they found a room that was done. We found the people were courtous and nice. But not having a room ready at 4:15 is ridiculous. Room: It was clean, spacious, nice view of strip, new counter tops, stainless steel appliances except dishwasher,Flat screen tv in living room. The room only had one bedroom with the 4 jet shower. I hope they will update the others so they all have that but that is minimal.Fitness room: very nice. lots of new equipmentInternet access-included and worked very wellmarketplace-plenty of sandwiches and stuff to choose from. We had crossiant sandwiches one morning and sat by the pool for breakfast. Very good. Valet-was quick and efficient and we were in and out all day long.things i wish we new: if you rent a car it is 8.00 a day added to your hotel bill plus you have to tip the valet; Checkout was 10:00 which is a little early; the self park is a country mile walk so be prepared if you do that; concierge is nice, quick and efficent but beware they had a 10.00 surcharge for tickets to shows. we went directly to box office and was charged 10.00 less.	
Sep 22 2008 	Attractive Property	I agree with the previous review by Stace120. We arrived on a Thursday for one night only and had reserved 2 studios (hopefully connecting) due to my snoring husband. I think the same gentleman in Stace120's review may have checked us in as well. I asked if there was a chance of being upgraded to a 1 bedroom connecting with the studio (in order to provide the 2 bedrooms) since we were Hilton Honors Silver members. We had also stayed 10 nights last December at their Orlando Vacation Club Villas. He said sorry nothing was available, but thanks for choosing them again. He was pleasant but not overly friendly. Our rooms ended up being on opposite sides of the hallway and about 4 doors down from each other. Maybe this was due to the configuration of the rooms allowing for the 1 bedrooms to connect with studos. The property is beautiful and very large. Our studios were comfortable with a fridge and microwave. The bathroom was large and the shower worked well. I could have used additional counter space. The TV was older, but had all the cable channels you would desire. The air conditioner worked well during the day, but at night it seemed to not come on enough to keep the room at the desired temperature.The parking garage is a very long outdoors walk from the property, especially when bringing in luggage. I regretted not using the valets. They were very friendly and helpful too. We used the Marketplace for breakfast. We purchased an Egg McMuffin-type sandwich with coffee that seemed a bit high priced. We enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club, but considering our specific needs plus the long walk from the parking garage, I think we would return to the Residence Inn Hughes Center on future visits.	
Sep 9 2008 	Beautiful Property but probably won't be back	First off- and this is important, if you stay here, make sure you pull your room door all the way closed and confirm it is locked each and every time you leave the room. Like other reviewers, we had a problem with our door automatically locking- in that it didn't. If I hadn't read the other reviews we may not have noticed and an unlocked room could have led to a big problem.The property is beautiful (it is quite new after all) but the service we recieved was not as stellar as I have read in other reviews. We were here in the middle of a very quiet week, but were not given an upgrade to a larger room despite being avid Hilton Honors members. Maybe you have to own one of the timeshares. Or maybe it all depends on who checks you in. The young man who checked us in was not at all concerned with customer service and, while he didn't actually say anything rude, his tone and attitude were on the condescending side.Also, the free shuttle to the Wynn sounds terrific. Only nobody ever told us about it. We would have absolutely used that service if only we had known.The studiio we had was richly decorated and having a fridge and microwave was nice, but overall it felt very cramped. Good thing we didn't go to Vegas to hang out in the room :-)We enjoyed not being in a casino hotel and enjoyed the sandwiches from the Marketplace on the lowest level. The pool was wonderful- it was so quiet and we pretty much had it to ourselves.The valet parking probably would have been worth the extra expense as the parking garage is quite a trek with luggage, etc. That's par for pretty much any large hotel in Vegas though.I love Hiltons, but we probably would not stay here again. The room was just too cramped and the service was unpredictable.	
Sep 5 2008 	Great all-around hotel!	This hotel is great for people who love Vegas, but need to get away from the craziness from time to time! There is not casino so the hotel is pretty quiet. We have a 1 bedroom suite that was great! Full kitchen with everything you need to cook meals, great bathroom with a separate jacuzzi tub in the bedroom. For the price, this hotel was amazing.My biggest complaint is that the windows didn't open at all! If you cooked something, such as bacon, you could not get the smell out of your room. It's also kind of far up the strip from everything so you either have to take a cab or ride the deuce. The Deuce stops right in front of the hotel about every 15 minutes. The pool was great the BBQ's were even better. We cooked steaks one night and they were great! The pool are is also not overly crowded like the bigger strip hotels.Overall, the stay was great! Will definitely consider again!	
Sep 4 2008 	Space Space and More Space	Everyone told us to make sure we were &quot;on the strip&quot; when we went to Las Vegas. However we didn't want to be in a casino, so we chose Hilton Grand Vacations and we were very pleased with our choice. On arrival we were very impressed with the room size - it is a fully contained 1 bedroom apartment with excellent kitchen, bathroom , TVs and internet services. We were in Tower 2 and the room felt new.We travelled as a family ( 20 year old daughter ) so the room provided plenty of space for the time that we spent in the room. In addition to the room itself the other good points about this facility were the conceirge desk (for booking shows and assistance on any travel tips e.g. Grand Canyon ) , small super market for snacks. Also Internet was free !!!Whilst we went to the pool on one occassion we found it jam packed. Given it was summer and we were there on a weekend with a public holiday Monday the hotel was full and so the pool was uninviting just becasue of the crowds.We were within walking distance of the big hotels - Venetian, Bellagio etc - although it is a long walk. We had a car and the hotel is conveniently located for travel to the Fremont St precint, the premium outlet mall and more importantly to I-15 which we used a few times as we did day trips to some of the natural parks in the Las Vegas vicinity.From a sheer value for money perspective, we couldn't fault the hotel - weekend at $169 per night and weekdays at $139 per night.Small downside was the walk to the car park it is too long !	
Sep 4 2008 	Love the Hilton Grand!!!	Everything about this hotel was great. From the time we walked through the door the staff was extremely courteous. The room was better that what I had expected. The pool was very nice. Plenty of room for everyone.There was a free shuttle to the Wynn (which has an excellent buffet - a bit expensive). With that said, you may want to leave the stroller behind at the Hilton if you are with a child. I was told they only allow strollers for those who are staying there, but the host was still nice enough to let us in.There is also a bus stop which goes up and down the Strip right in front of the hotel called the Deuce ($5/day). So we didn't need a rental car.The concierge was very knowlegeable about the shows and what to go see. However, the food options were not as close in proximity as I would have liked.Overall, I would go again and stay at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club. It was very family friendly.	
Sep 3 2008 	Nice Quiet Hotel on the Strip	Hotel was very nice and not costly at all. The hotel is near the Sahara Monorail Station so there is easy access to getting around and there is also a free shuttle to the Wynn. The beds are very comfortable and the rooms are extremely quiet. No complaints and would definately stay there again.	
Sep 2 2008 	Best bang for your buck in Vegas by far!	Short and sweet review:Pros:1. Beautiful, modern, clean, spacious condo-style rooms. Very comfortably slept 8. It can't be understated how amazing these rooms are!2. The cost is by far the least you can pay for this much luxury. We paid the same for a 3 bedroom, 3 bath, full kitchen, full living room condo as we would have for 2 outdated hotel rooms at Bally's, Flamingo, Harrah's, etc.3. The pool area is very classy and clean with excellent poolside bar.4. Staff was kind of like a good baseball umpire: they must have done fine, otherwise we would have something to say about them.Cons:1. No restaurant. No casino. Circus Circus is right next door in a pinch, but it's no MGM or Bellagio.2. The heart of the strip is about 2 miles away, so you can't just walk out your door and hit the action right away. However, the monorail is only about a 5 minute walk through the Sahara, and is pretty convenient.Bottom line:For the money, you absolutely CANNOT find a better place to stay in all of Las Vegas... period!	
Aug 23 2008 	Nicely Appointed Suites	The rooms are nicely appointed and equipped. Ours had a washer/dryer as well as the full kitchen. The living room was nicely done with a comfortable sofa to watch the flat screen TV. There was a full dining room set, also. Beds are very comfortable with good linens and the bath had a separate jacuzzi as well as shower and marble sink. The pool area is very nice and is well used. We will be going back soon.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Vacation at HGVC Las Vegas Strip	We bought at the HGVC last year and had some bonus points to use so we booked this stay about a month before the trip. It was our first time staying as &quot;owners&quot; at the property (we did stay last year before buying) and we have had a great experience. The room - We were in tower 2 on the top (39th) floor. A one bedroom plus. Very spacious with full sized kitchen and living/dining space with a sleeper sofa, 42-inch plasma tv and bose surround sound - nice to watch some movies with during down time. The kitchen had everything you could possibly need to make a complete meal or just some cereal before a day out. There is a toaster, coffee maker, microwave, blender, oven, garbage disposal and full size fridge/freezer(with ice maker). All the dishes, utensils etc that you needed - including a very nice set of cuisinart pots and pans for that discriminating cook! Stacked washer and dryer in unit isn't huge but worked just fine! The bathroom was quite large with a huge walk in shower with not only regular shower head but four other sprayers to make the experience indulgent. Bedroom had a jacuzi tub and closet as well as a king bed TV and dresser. Plenty of storage room for everyone. All the furnishings appeared well taken care of and everything - couch, pull out sleeper in sofa, and bed was comfortable. Wireless internet was complimentary in the room. There were a couple issues with cable going out during our stay - a minor annoyance. Check in was a breeze with very helpful bell staff who brought our suitcases and groceries to the room. We were trying to have a low budget vacation so we stocked up on snacks, drinks and even food to grill for dinner on the gas grills in the pool area. The facilities of this hotel are lovely- it's beautiful and spacious and even with quite a few other vacationers we didn't feel overwhelmed. Pool area is great - one pool is significantly cooler than the other for some mysterious reason. There are plenty of chairs around the pool to relax in. Waves - the poolside grill has reasonably priced fare with generous portions. The Marketplace store in the lower level has most things you would need if you didn't stock up at the store or forgot something. Service here was a bit slow but sped up when more cashiers were added.Valet was typically quick and curious. There is an extra charge of $8 per day but with the Vegas August heat I was happy to pay this instead of schlepping to my car in self park. There isn't a casino on this property but there are MANY around and they are easy to get to via car, bus or taxi. Some people mention construction in their reviews - but right now there isn't any going on in the property. Word is that they are &quot;redesigning&quot; - possibly really just slowing down due to the recession. There was construction across the street - and in asking to face away from the HGVC construction (I didn't realize there wasn't any) we faced that construction. But couldn't hear it at all. I would suggest calling the property if you have concerns. Overall we enjoyed our stay very much - we were here for a bit over a week so really spent most of the time relaxing - and the room and property was perfect for this!	
Aug 13 2008 	Nice Hotel But Some things to know....	Rooms were clean and nice. Tower 1 seems to be the oldest, Tub in master bedroom not working properly.Air Conditioning inside room did not cool room very well at all.Concierge service not very helpful told us airport shuttle was every 30minutes and we didnt need to call and reserve a spot.it actually ran every 45minutes and could have missed a planeif we went with their advice.	
Aug 4 2008 	Another Great HGVC In A Great Location!	This is one of three HGVC's in Las Vegas, and apparently, this is the newest and the nicest one. They are currently breaking ground to built two more towers.We really liked the hotel. We had a really nice studio on the 14th floor that overlooked the pool, and it was very clean and maintained daily by the housekeeping staff. The staff were friendly and amenable. The hotel is located right on Las Vegas Blvd. in a quieter section just North of the big casinos (Venetian, Caesar's, Wynn, etc.) - and pretty close to the Stratosphere - all within walking distance or if you prefer, the Deuce stops are right in front of the hotel on both sides of the street (public transportation - double-decker bus system that costs only $5 for a 24-hour unlimited pass). You are supplied with Starbuck's Coffee (yeah!) for your little coffee maker - if you run out, just ask the front desk for more to be sent to your room so that you don't have to pay. The pool area was beautiful and the little market is great - although not surprisingly pricey. The gym is nicely equipped, too. We were very pleased with the property and would stay again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 2 2008 	Great for family - Service less than expected	I combined a business trip with a little vacation time for me and my wife. The hotel is great and the staff was very good in the details (except the concierge). If you wnat to bring kids the pool wa great, but if your looking for romantic this is not the place for swimming because of som many children in the pool.We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite on the 30th floor. The room was great and the view was stupendous. The bed was very comfortable. The room was very quiet except for the roller coaster across the street which was a dull background noise. The service was much less than I expected from a Hilton. The room service menu only included deli sandwhiches and pre-packaged fruit bowls. The food menu was extremely disappointing, this is a vacation club resort for the family, not a full-service hilton. The concierge seemed very inexperienced. We asked for authentic sushi and she reccomended to us a &quot;new age sushi&quot; restaurant which we had been to before and a Korean restaurant which had sushi as a sideline. She had a prepared list and that was all she knew. I was very impressed with the Valet. For $8.00 a day they parked the car and ran through the hot sun to get it. They smiled everytime and were always courteous. The Valets gave us a great hint on the sushi place to eat.	
Jul 22 2008 	great for kids	we spent a week in a two bedroom room in tower two. nice rooms. this is a kid friendly place. pools stay in shade til 11 or 1130 am. don't worry, there is sun, but with kids it is nice to follow the shade. they provide noodles and have volleyball and basket ball nets in one of the pools, they also have balls for the pool. we rented a cabana one day, and found it to be a waste of money. they do not turn on the misters??? But they turn on the misters in other areas of the pool. Marketplace does not have kid meds and did not like the chicken salad sandwich. Tuna sandwich good. pool bar drinks resonable priced. 6.50 for pina colada, bloody mary. skip the margarita. folks at the pool and pool bar very nice.requested a view room, got to look at constuction across the street. Hotel is very far from everything. be prepared to drive. take advantage of the free valets service at most hotel.s tip a few bucks and it saves you from parking your car.josh at the bell desk was wonderful. somehow he remembers everyone's name. nice guy. Nice property, would come back.	
Jul 17 2008 	Beautiful property but seems like inconsistent policies	First off, this is a beautiful, new clean property and I have to give Hilton thumbs up on the decor and construction. The pool is terrific, the fitness center is terrific, the Marketplace is terrific, etc.But I am dismayed to read that a mere Silver member was given an upgrade to a suite with no questions asked and Diamond members are not. My husband and I are Diamond members and we received the proverbial eye roll when we asked about an upgrade. We were there during the week and the hotel seemed to be pretty quiet, so we just assumed it was the property's policy not to upgrade.I have to say, I too found the owner/renter distinction rather irksome. It felt like an us and them between Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations Club. Hello guys- aren't you all supposed to be on the same team? If I get treated better at Hilton Hotels why would I ever buy into the Grand Vacations Club? It just seems counterintuitive to me.So it seems that this is a perfect place for owners, silver members, and those with no status with Hilton. The rates are very reasonable, the location was great, and, once again, the property is very nice.One more thing- the traveler who had the bad experience with the door not latching was right on. Luckily nothing was taken from our room, but you have to make an effort to make sure the door actually latches every time you leave the room. There was security making rounds throughout the night and that was great and they were very friendly.I don't know if I would stay here again or not. The price and setting are great, the employee's apathy at registration and attitude towards renters are not great.	
Jul 14 2008 	Awesome Beautiful Wonderful Fantastic	This is one of the most beautiful resorts I have every stayed at. As an RCI owner, and it was well worth the points. The pool is absolutely gorgeous. There are grills outside where you can grill lunch or dinner.  The rooms are beautiful also, very comfy and roomy. I had a 1 room/ 4 Person max suite. It had a full kitchen, garbage disposal, wahser/dryer, and several other accommodations that other places do not have. It was great to be able to go to the grocery store, buy food, and cook at the hotel.  The hotel is on the north side of the strip and is pretty far walking distance to many of the newest casinos, but you can drive and park at any casino or take public transportation.  Other things- The staff was great. The valet was great. There is nothing negative that can be said about this place.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great Hotel	The Hilton Grande is a non-gaming hotel on the Las Vegas strip across from the Sahara hotel/casino. In the four days we spent in Las Vegas on our honeymoon I noticed that the other hotels no matter how nice on the outside all smelled like smoke and sweat on the casino floor. When you add in the noise from the gaming floor and the fact that most of the check in desks require guests to walk through the casino I have to say that the Hilton Grande was the BEST hotel we saw all weekend.We spent the weekend in a one bedroom king suite and it was beautifully appointed. There was a full kitchen with utensils and coffee, creamer, and sugar w/ the coffee maker. The living room was very comfortable and the bathroom had more towels and washcloths then we could possibly use. Checking in at the front desk was quick and easy and the check in agent even called our room to let us know where the fireworks would be over the weekend so we didn't have to stand there and wait for him to look it up.The marketplace downstairs is a little pricey but very convenient for a Starbucks coffee or breakfast sandwich before a tour. There is a CVS next door where we purchased a 6 pack of water to put in the fridge and take with us during the day.We used the monorail to get up and down the strip and it is very convenient to the hotel. When you leave the hotel through the front lobby walk to the left toward the Sahara hotel. When you enter the Sahara the Monorail entrance is at your 1 o'clock. It took us all of 5 min to get there and the Sahara also have a few rides that the brave amongst you may find fun :)On our next trip to Vegas we will definitely stay at the Hilton Grand again. I saw so many people schlepping their luggage through casino floors that there is no way I would stay at a gaming hotel in Vegas.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great stay if you don't want to sleep	My friend and I had a one bedroom over the 4th of July weekend. When we got to our room we thought that it looked really pretty and the check in staff were very friendly and helpful. The HUGE problem was the sofa bed where I was sleeping was the worst. After the first night of sleeping on the torture device I called the front desk to see if I could get a roll-a-way and I was told that they didn't have any. What hotel doesn't have a roll-a-way??? After the second night of sleeping on the rack I called house keeping to bring me up pillows as I was going to sleep on the floor which they never brought me. On the last day I went to speak to the manager about never getting my pillows and I wanted to confirm whether or not they actually have roll-a-ways and he told me they did not because of fire hazard. But what he did say is they do have foam toppers for the sofa beds. This would have been helpful three nights ago with no sleep. So, if you are going to stay here and you have to sleep on the sofa bed make sure you ask for a foam topper your first night - and good luck!	
Jul 4 2008 	Awesome	What a wonderful experience! Everything about this place is awesome. We stayed in tower one. Our room had a separate bedroom with a Jacuzzi, a great bathroom with a beautiful shower, a full kitchen (Albertson’s close by to buy food) and a living room. We requested this room since it was our 25th anniversary. The management sent an employee to our room with a nice bottle of wine! The price was right at $129.00 per night!!!!!! I have been to Vegas several times and this was by far the best place we have ever stayed. The fact that there is no casino is a major plus. I was glad that I didn’t have to experience that nasty stale cigarette smell every time I entered the building.	
Jun 30 2008 	Bargain On The Strip	If you're looking for a base of operations for having fun at various points in Vegas, this would be the place.Relative to the amenities, this hotel is a bargain. Our suite was an Embassy Suites equivalent for less than 2/3rds the cost of a standard hotel room at The Bellagio or Caesars Palace. After a long drive, the in room washer and dryer came in handy, as did the full kitchen. The spa tub was average, the walk in shower outstanding. Separate air conditioning units for the living and bedrooms came in handy as well.The hotel's pantry area was well stocked with a wide variety of food offerings, however the Business and exercise centers were too small for the volume of evening users.Just three quibbles:1) The pantry area did not stock drugs, necessitating a trip to a neighboring CVS.2) The 10 a.m. check out time is too early. As with other Hilton properties, this should be either 11 a.m. or Noon.3) There is no Express Check Out with receipt option. This would seem to be a no brainer as other standard Hilton properties offer this service for Hilton Honors members.All told, if the conveniences of a downstairs gaming room isn't necessary, and you're looking for a medium or long term stay in Las Vegas, and want to be on the strip, this is your place.	
Jun 29 2008 	bad experience	We are Hilton vacation members and stayed here last year the same time starting on Father's Day for 4 days and this year stayed from Sunday through Saturday. We were so pleased last year with everything since we hadn't stayed at a resort since we bought our vacation membership in Orlando and everything was just as nice and the staff was very friendly.  We rented out the 3 bedroom suite plus in the 2nd tower so it's very roomy and like a home away from home. Our horrible downside to the trip was on Thurs. night my husband and son came back late from running to Circus Circus for a clay face sculpture and then they ran downstairs to the market and forgot to put the security latch on the door. In the middle of the night sometime between 12:30am and 6 am someone pushed on the door and was able to open it and took my purse, my husband's cash and my children's wallets from the kitchen table. It was very scary since our children were sleeping on the sofa bed in the living room and my mom, sister and her family were all there also. A security guard came by our room around 6am and tried to wake my daughter up but just opened the door and turned the door handle that the thief (or thieves) had left in the locked position so when they left we wouldn't hear the door shut. The doors are very heavy and make quite a loud sound when shut.  We were informed the next morning when we reported the crime that 4 other guests in Tower 2 had been broken into since the security guard informed us that it's possible to get into the rooms if you push hard enough on the doors. We were upset that more isn't made to the guests to be aware and that the resort doesn't have video cameras in the hallways. They supply the kitchens with Cuisinart appliances but can't afford a higher level of security? The only saving grace to our trip was that the security staff was able to retrieve my purse which had my digital camera and cellphone in it. None of our credit cards or debit cards were taken just the cash and we are thankful that none of us were harmed. Just a warning to others that you are in Vegas and even though before that night we had put the security latch on we had felt totally safe and probally had our guard down.	
Jun 22 2008 	A+++!	I was scheduled to stay at the HGVC on the Strip from June 10-20, but because my flight was cancelled I didn't make it to LV until the morning of June 11 instead of 8:30 p.m. Tue. night.When my flight was cancelled I called HGVC and apprised them of the situation, and told them I would be there hopefully by 10:30 am Wed. morning. When I arrived I was able to check in right away, and the manager even credited me for the previous night, which I didn't expect (but was much appreciated). This place is wonderful from the top down!I had booked directly on the Hilton website at $80 weeknight/$107 weekends for a guest room, and am a silver Hilton Honors member. Latanya was at the front desk and checked me in. I was upgraded to a 1-bedroom suite, which was wonderful! She put me in a suite away from construction (per my request). I faced Sahara Ave. and the Stratosphere and was on the 11th floor of Tower 2. I encountered no attitude from anyone because I was just a &quot;renter.&quot; The suite is just like the photos that have already been posted and was extremely quiet. We had no people partying in the hallways; everyone respected everyone else, even the families with kids.I had a rental car and parked in their new parking garage. Self-park starts on the fourth floor, but it really doesn't matter what floor you park on after that; just park as close as you can to the elevators, even if it's the 7th or 8th floor. It's a very short walk to the hotel (hint: once you get to the hotel, instead of walking up the steps, walk around to the left to the side entrance. Your card key will open the doors.)The elevators in both the hotel and the parking garage are extremely fast. There are 5 elevators for Tower 2 and 3 elevators in the parking garage.I was worried that it would be hard to get in and out of the hotel onto the strip, but it was extremely easy. If you're driving north on the strip you can make a left-hand turn onto the hotel property. Or you can drive I-15 or Industrial Rd. to Sahara, drive south on the strip and take a right into the property. I remember when traffic backed all the way to Sahara, but it certainly didn't do that even on Fri. &amp; Sat. nights when I was there. If you want to get to Industrial Rd just take a right onto the Strip from the hotel, drive down to Circus Circus Blvd., hang a right and go down to the light...that's Industrial. Very easy to get to the parking lots behind the west-side Strip properties or to the Rio, Palms, or the Gold Coast. Very fast to get anywhere.I had a problem one night when the sound on my living room TV all of a sudden went out. I wasn't even close to the remote. The next morning it still didn't work, but the bedroom TV was fine. I called maintenance and he was there in no time. He said in Tower 2 the rooms are so close to each other that a remote in another unit can accidentally affect other TVs; I just had to turn the Bose sound system back on, so that was interesting.Everyone I encountered was always smiling and very friendly, from the front desk personnel to housekeeping to maintenance to the security personnel in the hotel and in the parking garage.No matter how late I was in my room (I had to work in the room a couple of days), when I left and returned a few hours later my room was always cleaned and ready for me.I give this property an A+++ and would love to stay here again! I would recommend it to anyone, unless you want to walk through a smoky casino to get to your room.--Mary	
Jun 15 2008 	Not your typical LV hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in June while we were in town for a friend’s wedding. His was our first trip to Las Vegas and decided to stay here based on the reviews and photos we researched on Trip Advisor. We booked a studio since it was only going to be the two of us and we were not planning on being in the room to much anyways. We paid $438 for the three nights and we booked directly through the hotel’s website. I know we could have gotten a better deal if we would have sat through one of their timeshare presentations, but our time was limited I did not want to waste it. We did get asked that if we would like to return and sit through one of their presentations we would receive a discounted rate per night (I think it was about $50/night stay for two nights).I really enjoyed this hotel. The lobby was nice (no casino to walk through ?). Check in was quick and efficient. The room looked exactly as we had seen in photos and very clean. The studio has a small kitchenette with a small refrigerator, microwave, toaster, sink, and coffee maker (no stove). The market downstairs was wonderful. Although the prices were a bit high, the quality was high as well. I guess you get what you pay for. We bought breakfast items at the market every morning and ate them with coffee we would make in the room. The best thing we liked about this hotel was not having to walk through a loud and smoky casino to get to your room. The thing we liked the least about this hotel was our loud neighbors and the noise in the hallways at night, but what can you expect????its Vegas right?	
Jun 10 2008 	Overall a great hotel.	We stayed here over the weekend and ended up with the room for free for two nights because I redeemed Hilton Honors points- suffice it to say I have no complaints over the priceThis hotel is at the very end of the strip (the Sahara and the Stratosphere were the only hotels that were further down) and is not a casino-hotel. For us, that was a plus. We had the luxury of a quiet hotel where we didn't have to fight the masses, and where hotel guest interests are not second to casino interests, but we were close enough to walk to some of the older casinos and in easy driving distance of the newer, bigger casinos. There is plenty of free parking in Vegas, so we didn't bother with a taxi/ bus after the first night.There were only two negatives during the trip. First, the employee who checked me in at the front desk was a bit surly and pretty much blew me off, after I had waited in line for about 15 minutes (with only three people in line ahead of me and about 5 employees working the front desk). The wait seemed to be caused by the fact that the employees were courteously explaining all of the property amenities and location information to the guests checking in. I appreciate that and think it's a great policy, but when my turn came, I was processed in about two minutes, not given any location or property information, and, figuratively speaking, pushed on my way. The employee did not ask if I had any questions, did not tell me to have a nice stay, nothing. He was actually calling the next guest before he had handed me my room keys. I don't know if that was because I had booked with points, or because I was a &quot;renter&quot; and not a Hilton Grand Vacations Owner. In any case, I am a Hilton Diamond member and spend a lot of time and money in Hiltons during the year and the attitude was off putting. The other issue I had, and this is a bit petty, is that the property did not offer complimentary upgrades to Diamond members. The hotel was not full- we only saw two other parties on our floor the entire weekend, so there were certainly upgraded rooms available. We did get the room that we booked on a fairly high floor. Though it was nicely decorated, it was very cramped and seemed much smaller than rooms in which I normally stay.The attitude of the front desk employee, the fact that I was clearly labeled &quot;renter&quot; (definately second class to owener), and the upgrade policies have soured me on staying at Hilton Grand Vacations properties in the future. I will stick to traditional Hiltons.The positives, however, did outweigh the negatives. The rest of the staff we enountered- and I mean everyone- was extremely friendly and professional. The property is beautiful and new and clean. There are microwaves, refrigerators, silverware, and dishware in even the smallest rooms. The pool is absolutely fabulous and never seemed to be overcrowded.Despite other reviews, we did not find not having a large restaurant in the hotel to be a problem. We bought drinks from the market and kept them in our room and got sandwiches from the in- hotel Marketplace, which we did not find to be overpriced, crowded, or slow. And the sandwiches were huge and very good.The fitness room was top notch. There is an activities room that always seemed to be in use. We didn't try the Spa, but there is one in the hotel.All things considered, this is a great property for anyone who wants to stay close to the action, but not in the thick of it.	
Jun 7 2008 	Great hotel great location beautiful!	We booked this as a trade through RCI and i have to say it is the nicest trade we've gotten. Beautifully appointed two-bedroom suite, more than enough privacy for us and our friends who stayed with us. Full kitchen was a big help because we had someone who was vegan staying with us and made a lot of his meals in the condo.The staff is helpful, courteous and professional. Thought the prices in the Marketplace were pricey but there is an Albertsons 5 minutes away and a CVS next door.Pool was nice, clean and the bar was convenient. The Deuce (bus) stops right outside the driveway and you really don't need a car to get around Vegas, we were able to get down the Strip and to downtown (Old Vegas) very easily.	
Jun 2 2008 	Love Las Vegas	I loved las vegas and this hotel.Great Price and Great ServiceJust Perfect to be in Las Vegas.Amazing Experience!!	
Jun 2 2008 	Quieter location and good value	We booked two one-bedrooms through HGVC about 8 months ago. We stayed here with another couple for 3 nights during Memorial Day weekend 2008. We requested that the rooms be adjoining or at the very least, be on the same floor across from each other. We got neither. Both rooms were on the 22nd floor of Tower 2, several doors apart. One room faced the north end of the Strip with a great view of the Stratosphere and the Sahara. The other room faced a construction site. Since we were rarely in our rooms and only stayed there at night, the lack of a view from one of the rooms wasn't important. We were allowed to check-in earlier than 4PM. The rooms were clean and smelled fresh. We didn't have daily housekeeping and didn't want to pay extra for it. Everything in the room worked well. We did have one phone call from the sales department inviting us to a welcome and update but it was very lowkey and low pressure. I said no thanks and they never bothered us again. We had a problem with our bathroom sink clogging up and the shower door had a gap that let water trickle out onto the floor. We asked for maintenance to fix it one morning and by 3PM, the repairs had been done. There's a nice Marketplace on the 1st floor that was always well-stocked - hot pizza, a nice selection of wine and beer, breakfast items including Starbucks coffee, daily soups and deli sandwiches. They also have several major newspapers. We also used the GrandVacationSpa on the 1st floor. Mr Flippitti and I got massages the first day there. They have a nice relaxation room and the massage therapists are experienced and personable. Our daughter and friend also had facials on Saturday and they claim it was a wonderful experience. You can also use their steam room, showers and sauna when you book a treatment. The prices are comparable to most hotel spas on the Strip. They add an 18% gratuity to the bill but you have the option to change that if you want. There's a CVS Pharmacy right next door that had everything that the Marketplace sells (except for fresh deli items) but at lower prices. It also had a bigger selection of frozen and microwaveable foods. This hotel doesn't have a casino so you don't have to walk through all the noise and smoke to get to the elevators. We never had to wait more than a couple minutes for the elevator. The business center has an ATM, movie rental machine, printer and fax rentals and a place for you to hook up your laptop. WIFI was free in our room but there's a charge to use the business center computers. In the 1st floor game room lounge, I was able to print out our boarding passes for free from one of their computers there. If that's all you need to use their computers for, go down there instead of the business center. The Deuce bus has stops right in front of the hotel. A day pass is $5 per person, one-way is $2 per person. You need exact change. There were a couple of times that we had to wait for the next bus when the first one was too crowded. We also took a couple of taxis and didn't have to wait too long at the taxi stand outside the hotel for them. Our group had two different experiences taking a taxi from the airport to the hotel. We paid $18 for our early Friday ride but our daughter and her friend ended up paying $27 for theirs when they arrived late Friday night. Apparently, in order to avoid Friday night traffic, their driver took them on a longer route to the hotel. We also hired a car service to drive us from the hotel to the airport early on Memorial Day for $63. We liked this hotel because of the quieter location, there was no casino noise and no second-hand smoke. It's far from the major casino hotels and the bus ride may be inconvenient because of the crowds. But we'd likely stay here again in the future.	
May 29 2008 	Good place great value	We stayed over memorial weekend and got a great rate booking directly with the Hilton. Positioned at north end of the strip the place is comfortable with good service. Rooms are large and clean with good amienities. Only downside is the building site opposite the Hotel, not the best of views from our room. Saying that Vegas is one big building site the number of cranes is staggering - Not sure why Vegas is so popular, bit seedy and scruffy in too many places for me...............	
May 23 2008 	A Non-Gambling Hilton Hotel In Las Vegas	I stayed at this Non-Gambling Hilton Hotel for one nite. December 5, 2007. Because I had an early morning flight to catch on my way to South America. I had a great room on the 22nd floor, Room # 621. The Hilton Honors Silver member rate I paid was $ 97 U.S.D. It's located on the north end of the strip.There are no restaurants, except a little deli in the basement, at this hotel, that's why the rate's are so low for Las Vegas. But, there are plenty of great restaurant in L.V. to visit. It's another Great Hilton.....and that name says it all &quot;You Can't Go Wrong&quot;.I highly recommend staying here. 4-Stars.	
May 18 2008 	Loved the Hotel	The Hotel was Great the room was a 1 Bedroom and very clean. We had maid service everyday the pool was clean and large enough so you had room. There was a small store downstairs to grab some quick food. They almost always had pizza hot and ready. There is a CVS Pharmacy right next door to buy anything from liquor to cloths to anything you might need even groceries. There is a lot of construction all around Vegas. Get the view of the north of the strip. The southern view is a hotel half built so your looking at a construction site. The people were very friendly and helpful. If you rent a car at the hotel specify which company you want. I did not and they have a deal with Enterprise. The car was dirty and 50000 miles on it for about the same price as a Hertz or Avis which is usually a new car and clean. That is my only complaint. My room was on the 22 floor and I never had to wait longer then a minute for an elevator.	
May 16 2008 	Great Place to Stay in Vegas	Clean, reasonably priced, great pools and hot tubs, friendly staff. We got a 1 bedroom suite for our family of four. The kids slept on the hide-a-bed sofa in the living room while we had our own private bedroom. The full kitchen was stocked with plenty of dishes, pots, pans and utensils to make our meals. We also used the barbeque grills by the pool to cook one dinner. There is no casino here but it's about a 5 minute ride to the major casinos on the strip on &quot;The Duce&quot; - a double-decker bus that stops right outside the hotel and costs $2 each way. Overall, this is a great place to stay if you don't want a casino just an elevator ride away from your room.There are currently two 26-story towers. We stayed in tower one overlooking the pool and had a great night view of the major casino hotels on the strip to the south. They will be starting construction on the third tower sometime this month.We also stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Las Vegas Hilton (a few blocks away) last year. While the rooms were almost identical, the HGVC on the strip is a much nicer place overall - better pool, better workout room and better shop/deli downstairs.	
May 15 2008 	Great for business traveler	In LV for business and picked this hotel due to the rate - $74 - AAA rate. I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel. It had everything a business traveler needs..Free Wi-Fi...Starbucks in the room...Great weight room open 24 hours..The bed was very comfortable and the room seemed new. Great smellies too(Crabrtree-Evelyn)! I loved the fact that there was not a smoke filled casino you had to walk through to get to the elevators.	
May 11 2008 	Enjoyed my Stay at Hilton Grand Vacations Club	Just retruned from HGVC Resort on the Las Vegas Strip. Enjoyed my stay and though a little out of the way the self parking was free and convienient. At the quite end of the strip though with the builidings comming up it may not be as quite in years to come. Staff was friendly. Great pool area with sun from noon on. Pool service was slow to lacking but great margaritas. Nice gym. Food service is lacking with only the poolside grill and store with limited service avalible. Don't plan on walking anyplace, just get a rental car (lowest rate I have paid in recent history) and enjoy, all the casinos have free parking behind them and plenty of walking to be done inside the casino and between them. Family Freindly place.	
May 10 2008 	Lovely and Quiet with great Pool	Just returned from our first trip to Vegas. Stayed at this hotel because of the good rate in exchange of a 2 hour timeshare sales-pitch (The people were very nice and not pushy. Didn't buy but would be a great thing for the right people.). Hotel is located at north end just south of the Stratosphere. We stayed in a studio room. Very clean and plenty big with ample strorage for 2 people. Decor is beautiful and modern. We loved the pool so much that we spent 2 full days just sunning, swimming and drinking pina coladas and mai tais. There is an outside poolbar that serves food. The club sandwich was large enough to share. There was plenty of lounge chairs in sun and shade for everyone. There is also a marketplace that grills sandwiches, has pizza and numerous other quick food items. I thought prices were reasonable. Items were about what I pay at home to double the price but I expect to pay more at a hotel for the convenience. There is also a Starbucks. We didn't have a car so we took a taxi to go down the strip and to downtown(cool light show and really enjoyed eating at The Triple 7 microbrewery). Taxis were very easy to catch, drivers were friendly and got us around fast. We didn't mind the fare since we didn't have to pay car rental. It is possible to walk-if you want to take the time. We did walk over to the Hilton (20mins) to see Barry Manilow(loved it) and my husband walked all the way to Ceasers and back one morning just for the exercise(1hour30mins round trip). All staff very friendly. Recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a beautiful accomodation and isn't interested in onsight gambling or bars.	
May 4 2008 	Great Place to Stay	Stayed in HGVC between April 27 and May 3. Everything about the hotel was great, from the quick and easy check in - and check out - to the very friendly staff. Everyone said 'hello' or gave a smile. Stayed in a 2 bedroom suite with 5 other girlfriends. The room was clean. The only thing missing was sheets for the pull out couch, but we just called houskeeping and they brought everything we asked for in a matter of minutes.The pool area was nice, not the largest pool, but more than enough. There was a store to buy food items on the premises called the Marketplace. Some items were pricier than others, and some items were comparable with the SuperMarket down the street. Also there was a 24 hr CVS right next door for essential needs, along with a refrigerator section for juice and water if necessaryDidn't have to put up with walking through a smoky, loud Casino entrance. It was more family friendly, or for those who just want to take in the Vegas sights.As for the distance from other casino's, HGVC was at the end of the strip, however, right next to circus circus, and across from Sahara. Didn't find it too much of a walk to the center of the strip, but would recommend taking the bus (Deuce) at $5 for an all day pass, or a cab, if you plan on walking to the other end of the strip or going back and forthOverall the trip was great, would stay there again in a heartbeat	
May 1 2008 	Great Hotel. Everything you'd expect from a Hilton.	We needed a place to stay for one night. Everything about this hotel was perfect. From check in to check out. The pool(s) were relaxing and well maintained. The room was large, clean, and comfortable. Had we known how nice and enjoyable this hotel was we would have stayed here for the entire trip.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great value	We stayed here after staying at the other Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Las Vegas HIlton. This location is much nicer and actually feels like a hotel, but it is a long way down the strip. The staff here were really great. The check-in process was fast and self parking is easy. There is no reason to use the valet parking.We booked a studio room on hilton.com for $75+/night and were given a 1 bedroom suite. This was probably because of our Hilton status. Our room was in Tower 1, the older of the 2 towers. The room was almost identical to the location at the LV Hilton, but much nicer and modern. The room didn't have a flatscreen tv in it, but the bathroom and kitchen are very nice.There is a marketplace on the bottom floor that has a deli and a breakfast area. It is overpriced and the breakfast food isn't very good. The coffee is good though. The marketplace is also much too small for how many rooms are at the hotel. We waited a very long time to order the food. They must count on many guests bringing their own food.This hotel can be a very inexpensive choice and it is quite nice. The pool is very large and lots of people use it.	
Apr 4 2008 	Very Nice Quiet Relaxing	We just returned from a great week in Las Vegas. The entire trip was great! We originally booked a week at the Rio All Suites. No sooner did we confirm the reservation, a Hilton rep called with an 'amazing' deal. Now, I was not very receptive to hearing committing to a time share presentation, etc., but for $99 ($107 with tax) for 5 days/4 nights in a one bedroom suite, I just couldn't pass it up.The accommodations were excellent. Rooms were clean, modern and tastefully appointed. I loved the garden tub! The pool was relaxing and yes, some areas do get shady as the sun moves, but no big deal...just move to a new lounger. We really liked Waves, the poolside bar/grille and although the selection is limited, the food/drinks/service were good. There's a nice little deli and store in the hotel and it serves its purpose for quick snacks. I had read some reviews that nothing is really within walking distance of this hotel and I would say that's not exactly accurate. The Sahara is one block north, the Riviera is one block south. There's a lot of construction going on nearby, but that's actually true for the entire mid-strip area. Besides, if you don't want to walk that much, pay $5 for a 24 hour pass on the Deuce, the bus line that runs up and down the strip. It is very convenient and they are constantly running. We did have to endure the 2.5 hour timeshare presentation but it was not that painful. We knew going into it that it was probably not something that we wished to make a long term investment in, but after a couple firm &quot;No's&quot; at the end of the sales presentation, we were on our way. Staff was very friendly. Maid service excellent. This is definitely a quiet establishment and there is not any entertainment within the hotel, no casino, etc. I actually found this to be a positive. I would recommend this hotel and might stay again.	
Mar 28 2008 	Nice quiet place far from popular casinos	We were recomended by a family member who is a timeshare holder. Paid only $165 to stay in a 2 bedroom jacuzzi suite. Though did go to a meeting in which we were hounded for 2 1/2 hours by not one person but 3.....then they tried to get away with not giving us our promised free gifts.(waited another 25 minutes for them) ........Spending money on a timeshare at this time would be a waste for us as we get away only once every 2 years. But all worth it as they also gave us $50 to spend at the Hilton casino. The room(s) were awesome with large tvs, beds, frige. But unneccesary when staying in Vegas for only 3 days/nights as we didn't spend much time there. We stayed there with our Daughter and her boyfriend, whom enjoyed the pool and jacuzzi. We had a car rental and self parked everyday which is on their 4 floor or higher(no problem) Didn't want to pay the $6 a day for valet service.	
Mar 27 2008 	Sitting through the Sales Pitch...	Stayed here 2 nts because the great deal we got to just come listen to the sales pitch of buying into the time share program. $99 for 2 nts which after listening to the spiel got $40 back in cash and a $25 food voucher (had to redeem at the Hilton off the Strip but could walk there pretty easily). We were there on a Sunday &amp; Monday nt which I think helped with the bargain price. However, the room was a basic Hilton hotel room with a wet bar which included a mini fridge, microwave, toaster and coffee maker. It was very nice but nothing of a 'Wow!' factor.**Try to book your time to listen to the spiel as early as possible so you don't lose the whole day for doing other things.**The sales pitch wasn't too pressured for us as we were pretty set from the beginning not to buy in - though aspects were tempting to think about for a future date. We gave as little information up front as we could when questioned which prevented them from using it later on to reinforce how great a deal the time share ownership would be for us. 1 helpful hint - you are screened ahead of time that you &amp; your significant other at least have a combined income of $70, 000. HOWEVER, since you booked and attended the spiel, you can certainly have lost some of that income (i.e. &quot;job&quot;) and your future is very unstable. ;-) Just be warned that it is a one-on-one pitch, you won't be with other possible buyers which of course makes it hard not to answer all the probing questions at the beginning. Also, the '2 hours' is an estimate as we found. It is that the actual presentation (all the facts &amp; figures) will last between 90 &amp; 120 minutes - IF however, you get off track with your salesperson and talk about other things it will last longer for sure!! Plus, they will always want to bring in their manager and the marketing person to talk to you too at the end to be sure the salesperson went over EVERYTHING with you. However, just stick to your guns if you aren't interested... hopefully you'll get out of there within 2 1/2 hrs as we did. Oh, there is a CVS just south of the Hotel so it is much cheaper to buy stuff there than at the in-house Market. Nothing made to order, but plenty of snack foods, drinks, etc...And yes, the pool is pretty shaded but depending on the time of day and how crowded, it is possible to lay in the sun. You may just have to move your chair around...	
Mar 25 2008 	Great hotel for business at the Las vegas Convention Centre	I just got back from 10 nights at the Hilton Grand Vacations on the Strip for a large exhibition at the nearby Convention Centre. I have stayed there before but as it was such a long stay opted for the one bed suite in Tower 2 - the newer tower. It was big and comfortable. The staff were really helpful - especially the car valets who became like friends during our stay and always went the extra mile - they even carried all my groceries to the room and helped unpack! When I needed 4 extra dining chairs for a dinner parity housekeeping delivered them quickly and without a problem.It has a great kitchen with everything you could need. I entertained people to dinner 5 nights and it was really nice not having to go out and do battle with all the big casino restaurants. The oven didn't look as if it has been used - it certainly did when we left!! At this point I should say I love cooking and hate Vegas! I managed a couple of house off work to sit by the pool - some day sit was so hot that eh shade was very welcome. The music was really annoying but seems to be the norm in the USA. Yes the Market Place is expensive but it's convenient of you forget something. I had a hire car as I like to get out into the desert if I get any time off. They are really cheap - I paid about 25 pounds - 50 dollars a day which was cheaper than always taking a cab. There are Vons and Albertsons supermarkets close by with a great selection. I also found a fab Indian supermarket just up West Sahara where I got lots of spices (which probably didn't endear me to the other guests on my floor!).It was very reasonably priced at only $215 for a suite and I would definitely recommend it for a sane and safe place to stay in Sin City! The fact that it is a little distance from the busy part of the Strip is a real advantage. All my guests who came for dinner said they would definitely book it for the next exhibition rather than the casino hotels they were in like Cesars, Bellagio etc.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great Hotel and Location	This is my second time staying at this hotel, and was very happy with my stay. If you are looking for a hotel with a casino in house this is not the place for you. The hotel is on the strip, across the street from the Sahara. It is a nice, quiet hotel with great rooms. It has a smoke free lobby, but does offer smoking rooms if you need one. The small store and deli on the first floor, as well as free WiFi only adds to the overall experience. I will stay here again........	
Mar 21 2008 	Nice Place but.....	We stayed here through our Hilton Honors account, so got the room for 1/2 price. Really enjoyed the room and thought the bed was very comfortable. Had a simple but good meal out by the pool our first night and bought beer and water at the market on site. The market is very expensive ( 12 pack $20.00) but convenient as the closest store is three blocks away. The pool menu is burgers, sandwiches, salads. Yes the pool is very shady, but we enjoyed the view, nice fountains and palm trees. We liked that there wasn't a casino in at the hotel but we were far from the south end of the strip. Yes there is a bus stop right by the resort but they are often so full you have to wait a long time for one that will actually stop. We did the mono rail the 2nd day and thought that was much better. $9.00 for all day, you buy your tickets at the Sahara and the monorail is in back. It runs til 2:00 am on week days and 4:00 on weekends. Far less crowded, although requires a bit more walking. We really liked the resort and would recommend it.	
Mar 17 2008 	Nice suites but keep an eye on your valuables	I have now stayed in this hotel twice and have on each occassion enjoyed a large and comfortable suite.As with most Hiltons the beds are large and comfortable.I have never had to attend a sales presentation and have always booked through Hilton.com.The pool is not great. It is very shaded however it never seems to be busy.The coffee shop is horrendously expensive and the hot food is very poor.My main concern with the hotel is on both occassions the honesty of some staff has been questioned. On our first stay Sep 06 a shopping bag was removed from our room. No one could trace it and the hotels insurance company paid a claim. This was not an easy process as we had to prove what was in the bag etc etc. The manager was as expected polite and promised us if we stayed again we would be looked after. I have hilton honors diamond vip and think this worried him.The second stay saw us haggling for an upgraded room (even thought they are supposed to offer it immediately with diamond honors). It wasnt until i explained what happened our last stay (and they checked) that upgrades as if by miracle appeared. We purchased coffee in market and left a Betsey Johnson shopping bag behind. We called back in 20 minutes later to be told it had not been handed in. We spoke to security who werent interested. It wasnt until i created a scene in the store and demanded to see the security camera footage of where we left the bag that it amazingly appeared from the store room.Do stay at this hotel but be cautious. The staff, from my experience do not appear to be that honest	
Mar 15 2008 	Nice - Quiet Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club with our 11 month old son for 2 nights in April 2007. I was happily suprised that it was so quiet! It feels like more of a family place than some of the larger hotels on the strip. We had a HUGE one bedroom suite. Our son really loved the tub. It was nice to have a dishwasher and washer/dryer unit in the room. The pool area isn't huge but both mornings there was probably less than 20 people at the pool. Water was somewhat cold though - to cold to let our baby play in the pool for more than 10-15 minutes. The cafe is on the expensive side. The hotel is located on the far end of the strip so it is a long walk to get any where. We ended up getting a cab to take us to and from the other end of the strip. The staff was very nice. Yes, we did have to go to one of those sales meetings where they try to get you to buy into the timeshares but the sales man told us upfront that he would not pressure us and he didn't. We were there only an hour and then back on vacation! Overall I think this is a nice hotel. I loved the fact that there wasn't drunks or loud teenagers all over the place. It was a good place to stay with a baby. This year we are headed back to Vegas but we are going to try MGM Grand this time.	
Mar 9 2008 	Thought the location would be an issue but...	We are new owners of Hilton Grand Vacations. We were roped in by what many consider a high pressure sales pitch in Dec. while we were in Orlando. I'm not sorry that I bought in, but I am sorry that I didn't go to a reseller to buy, I could have gotten more points that way. This is our 1st trip to Las Vegas, so we didn't have any expectations of our experience. When we arrived from our flight, it was nighttime and we took the freeway by cab ($26 ride). It was easy to see that we were passing up all of the big casinos and coming in to the strip from the northern end where there was a lot less action going on. That upset me a lot on the night we arrived, because I thought &quot;on the Strip&quot; meant near the action! Very misleading if you ask me, and the Club reservationist I think purposely mislead me (that's a beef I'll have to take up with HGVC). If we had known, we would have stayed at the HGVC Flamingo b/c it was also available. I pressured my BF all day our 1st day to get a rental car. He kept saying we didn't need one, and he was right! We walked our 1st day to the Statosphere, a 10 min walk. It was a fun place, the tower was great, but we only did 1 ride, due to my BF's fear of heights! We met some nice people who gave us tickets to the hotel's &quot;high roller&quot; private party, and we had a nice meal and a lot of wine for free! Then we blew a lot of $$ at the slots, though...We went back to the hotel, sat in a very relaxing hot tub, and took a nap. Got up, got ready to go out by around 9pm. We had no problems at all catching and riding the bus down to central strip locations. $5 for a 24 hr pass. That late at night though, I wouldn't plan on taking a bus (or cab) further than the Belaggio. Traffic was completely clogged from that point on. We were going to Luxor, and we're pretty sure we would have been better off taking the monorail down to that end of the Strip. The monorail (looks like it starts at the Sahara which is very close, but the hotel says you can get on it at the Hilton property also nearby but a further walk) goes to the south end of the strip (MGM). It doesn't follow the strip, though, it goes behind the hotels to the east. We didn't try it though, maybe we will tonight. We walked a LONG way from the Bellagio to the Luxor, won't do that again. But we did love the Luxor, and its show, Fantasy!!When we were finished at the Luxor, about 4:30 AM (well 3:30 with time change), we walked to Tropicana, got breakfast at the 24 hr cafe there. We took a cab from Tropicana back to HGVC, and it was only $11.50. Not bad, but there was very little traffic at that time. So, to summarize this winded review (sorry), as long as you don't mind a bit of walking, you will NOT need a rental car to get around from this hotel, and the location is NOT a bust. It's actually been very quiet. My BF is still asleep at 12:30 PM while I'm writing this, and there weren't a bunch of crazy drunks hanging around when we got in this morning. We find that very relieving. We love drinking, but HATE stupid drunks!! So, I don't know how our experience would be different had we been at the Flamingo location, but this ended up being just fine!	
Mar 9 2008 	Really nice hotel	we are really happy we stayed here. plenty of room and good food. the only thing that wasnt the best is that its $1 a minute to use the internet if you dont bring your laptop. this place was really upmarket and clean for all the family and i was really happy we stayed here. also it is in a good spot right beside the stratosphere and just on the strip	
Mar 7 2008 	Spacious Room	Booked the Hilton grand through swavactions.com for a trip to vegas for a sports competition. received a great room rate and DID NOT have to attend a sales meeting!!! Room was more spacious than I expected! Nice TV with Bose speakers was a very cool touch. Hotel very clean and well kept! No casino in hotel but just a short stroll north on the strip to get to the Sahara.just for fun went through the small store in the hotel and had to laugh at some of the prices.. How about box of cereal for $6.00? Valet is not free as you will pay $8 a day for parking. If you leave earlier in the morning plan to get to the valet about 15-20 mins ahead of schedule as there is only 1 person working and he is running his butt off trying to keep up. Very hard worker and they need to give him some help when the workload increases. No issues any other time other than early morning.Slept well and would stay there again if I needed too!	
Mar 4 2008 	Room was very diry believe someone just had a bad day!	This is somewhat of a negative review but believe this is not the norm at HGVC and I could've corrected the problem from the start but didn't. We traded our Florida week through RCI for one week at HGVC. We read many of the reviews on Trip Advisor before leaving so nothing was a real surprise as the reviews were pretty much right on. We arrived at the Hilton approx. 9 pm. We had booked a one bedroom suite. Our room was ready but the desk clerk asked if we would prefer smoking or non. Since we are light smokers we thought having a smoking room would be nice. We were then told the &quot;smoking&quot; suite was not ready yet. I started to tell the clerk that it really didn't matter. We would take a non-smoking one. But she was on the 'phone to housekeeping - and I got the impression they were not happy about having to clean this room. The clerk was visibly uncomfortable taking to housekeeping and commented that &quot;the guests are standing in front of me&quot;. I assumed housekeeping was giving her a hard time. We were then told to give them an hour and our suite would be ready. Since we hadn't eaten we agreed to have dinner to kill an hour while our room was being cleaned. Approx. 1-1/2 hrs later we went to our suite. It was in Tower 2, 24th floor. We were very impressed when we walked in, the suite was very nicely decorated and well appointed. But upon closer inspection we found the place was very dirty. A clump of dried hair was stuck to the side of the shower. The bathroom floor was not wiped. Toothpaste splatter around bathroom mirror. Hair around toilet and around top of jacuzzi tub in bedroom. Dirty hand prints on doors. During the week we found dirty dishes in cupboard. Something stickly spilled in night table beside bed, 'phone book was stuck to it. Something spilled on coffee table in living-area, dripped down side. Best of all, found thong underwear in clothes dryer!! Management/housekeeping needs to check stock of dishes, silverware, etc. Dishwasher did not get dishes clean, eventually we took them all out of cupboard and washed by hand. Housekeeping offered to come in and clean the next morning but I did turn them down. I don't like hotel staff in my room as I have had problems in past at other hotels. I truly believe this was a fluke and not the norm at HGVC. Other than the dirty suite there were no other surprises. The HGVC is out of the way but we took the Duce to get around and that worked out fine. Not a great area to walk around late at night, lots of un-desirable characters about. Construction is on-going across the street but we were not disturbed by it at all. Staff is friendly but seem a bit overwhelmed at times. The best part of our trip to Vegas was our side trip to the Grand Canyon, it was truly awe inspiring.	
Mar 3 2008 	Modern clean suites...but shady pool!	This hotel is wonderful. It is a Hotel and NOT a casino hotel, so you can walk in to the lobby and straight to the elevator a few feet away.We stayed in a King Suite.This was our 6th visit to this hotel!The rooms are great! Large modern beds, 2 large TV's, bathroom, stand up shower, large tub, fully self catering unit with washer and dryer, oven/stove, microwave, family size fridge, ice maker, dishwasher, toaster, coffee machine....FREE IN ROOM WIFIFree self parking. A newly built parking structure which will be opened any day now.The Bellmen are so nice and helpful. There is a great little store/market/mini restaurant on the main level that sells drinks, wine, beer, kitchen basics, ice cream and freshly made food too which we loved.The downside is the pool. It is very small and now that the SKY tower is built beside the Hilton property, it blocks out most of the sun during the day. The hotel is just about to break ground on tower 3 &amp; 4 with the addition of a new pool, however this will take some time.There is a CVS within a block. Ihop with a couple of blocks. Albertsons is a 5-10 minute drive. Hoover Dam was about 45 minute of a beautiful drive.**There are always many diff shows to see and enjoy - we have seen many Cirque de Soleils...LOVE was wonderful!! Bette Midler is a must see!! Howie Mandel was hysterical!! Wayne Brady is very talented but just not my favorite show as this is a 'variety' show. Spamelot was just too funny!! **The Las Vegas Outlet Mall offers coupon booklets for visitors, look at their website for more info. This is a great outdoor outlet mall with just about every store...what could be better??!!**Restaurants...The Grand WOK in MGM is DELICIOUS and priced fairly well. They do not take reservations. Tivoli in the Caesar's Forum Shops was very impressive. PF Changs - go to the stand alone building (I think on Paradise road) as it is not as busy as the other location in the Planet Hollywood hotel. You must order the appitizer Green Beans...MMmm!!! Hope this helps...feel free to ask me any question(s)Enjoy!	
Mar 1 2008 	Liked the hotel high pressure timeshare presentation	I was called by Hilton to receive a 3 day stay for $99 deal. When I asked if I would have to sit through a timeshare presentation, they said &quot;no&quot;. However, when I went through the second sales person to book the trip they said I needed to sit through a time share and I agreed. I also received $40 in cash at the Hilton Casino and $25 toward a dinner. I also booked to stay an extra few days. The hotel is located at the end of the strip very near the Stratosphere and across the street from the Sahara. The Sahara has monorail boarding and we used this frequently. The cost is $9 per day unlimited use. Due to the distance from the main part of the strip, we did a lot of walking. The check-in was easy and the woman was friendly. Our room was fantastic. We stayed in Tower 1 and it had a washer/dryer, kitchen area with dishes, etc., living room area, large bedroom, jacuzzi and large bathroom. There is no restaurant although there is a deli where you can also buy some groceries. There is also no bar or casino.We also rented a car and purchased &quot;Garmin&quot; GPS for $50 and it was well worth it. We went to Zion National Park in Utah for a day trip and it was beautiful. &quot;Garmin&quot; took us back and forth from the airport and elsewhere effortlessly. I'd highly recommend it. We also took a bus trip to the Grand Canyon. We asked the concierge what they had to offer and they gave us some recommendations but we ended up booking a trip with a place near MGM. We paid $99 and saved $50. People behind us spent $249 booking elsewhere. Expect a long bus ride to and from the canyon. We got on the bus at 6:10 a.m. and were back around 8:45 p.m. We did get to walk for 3 hours at the canyon. It included a box lunch and breakfast. We watched 3 movies. We also went to the same place and booked a 3 hour helicopter ride with a limo, champagne and food for $389 and saved $100. We looked elsewhere for the same kind of trip on the Internet and with the concierge and it was more expensive. This was well worth the money. I would take the helicopter trip over the bus ride any day. We went to the half price ticket sales center and bought Star Trek tickets for $25 which included both the Borg Invasion and Klingon encounter. The price on-line is $38 and they told me the price is $50 there. We also bought tickets to KA there for $96. The price on the ticket when we went to pick them up was $87 but the concierge at the Hilton had tickets from $115 to $139. I would recommend buying tickets from these type of places. There were a lot of people that tried to give us girlie show hand-outs on the strip and there were a few pan handlers near the Stratosphere but we didn't have a problem with pick pockets and never felt in danger when walking around after dark.We saved the time share presentation until near the end of the trip. We'd never been through one before and were not looking forward to it. We were surprised that the salesman was pleasant and friendly and assured us that it would not be a high pressure presentation and at first it wasn't but at the end when it came down to the money portion, it was high pressure. We spent 3 1/2 hours there. We refused the deal and we were sent a financial consultant who was there to answer questions and when we still refused we were finally sent to the sales manager who tried to give us a last chance deal where we could put $500 down and then get into a 15 month trial. The price range for the timeshare offers that we received were from $10,000 to $33,900. The thing is that we really liked the program and all it had to offer but we were not willing to sign a contract for that much money. We wanted time to research. In the end we refused to sign the contract and it wasn't particularly friendly but they did not get angry or rude. When I came home, I did some research and there are Hilton time shares for re-sale that are a much better price. Would we stay at that hotel again? Probably not because we like to have a bar and restaurant at the hotel and we spent a lot of time walking and riding the monorail. It was too far from the action. It was a lovely place, people were friendly, the service was good. It would be a good place for people who like to do their own cooking and were going to stay there for awhile.	
Feb 25 2008	Room was nice sales tactics questionable!	Overall, this place is great. A great room, nice facilities, housekeeping is great. The only sour thing is the tour and meeting you have to have with the sales staff during your trip. I know it is a time share offer, and I understand that you have to go to the meeting, but we were told that the meeting would be for two hours, and if the offer did not fit your needs, you would not be harassed. In fact, they kept saying &quot;we are your friends at Hilton!&quot; Well, three and a half hours later, they kept trying to offer us different programs for a plan that we would rarely use. We explained that we are more &quot;road trip&quot; people, and $37,000 for a time share program at 12% interest and payments each month of just under $500 did not fit within our budget, so they came back with a smaller plan for $400 at 12%, we brought up that they did not have many facilities in Idaho, Montana, or Wyoming...and this is where we mostly travel...these areas are not serviced by Hilton Hotels much either, as we tried to tell them, but they would not listen...finally, my other half just stood up and said NO! They then said they understood, and they needed a manager to come over and have us fill out an exit interview. We waited, and he came over, and guess what, he tried to offer us another opportunity to join!!!! My other half stood up and stated &quot;NO!&quot; The manager at this point was apologetic and stated that he just hated to see us miss out. We both stated that it was not a fit for us and please let us go. We were exhausted from the ordeal. The room was outstanding, just be prepared to be beaten down by their sales staff...	
Feb 19 2008 	Too Far too Walk!	I spent 4 nights at the HGVC on the Strip. &quot;On the Strip&quot; gives the impression this facility is close to all the main hotels and attractions on Las Vegas Boulevard. It is not close to anything; at least right now. There is a wave of high end development that is quickly spreading north along the Strip. Many adjacent lots are slated for expensive hotels and casinos, and THEN ad only then the HVGC will be right in the action. I strongly recommend those staying here get a car. We rented a mid-size from Dollar at a cheap $109, which is well worth the expense.As for the hotel itself, it presents itself a being strictly a timeshare destination. There are no restaurants or bars here. Forget about a casino or even a slot machine. You have to go elsewhere for these Vegas basics. The Marketplace is a quick spot to get a coffee in the morning or a bottle of water- nothing more. We found the valet staff very nice and friendly who hustled for their tips. The front desk made check-in and check out easy.We paid for and received a studio room. Despite other posts claiming free upgrades, one was not available when we asked check-in. I also called several times before arrival asking about an upgrade- Nothing. Our room was in the older tower 1. The room was small by typical Hilton or Marriott standards. We felt cramped here and would not recommend you stay unless a larger room is available prior to your arrival. The room was clean and housekeeping did a nice job keeping it neat during our stay. We understand HGVC is adding 2 more massive towers so construction may be an issue in the future for guests wanting to stay here.Both the pool and gym were nice. The gym has lots of new cardio and weight training equipment that guests can use at no cost. The pool was clean and well kept with a lifeguard on duty during opening hours. Although it was cool, we enjoyed a few hours in the sun on our final day.Overall, the HGVC is destined to be near real estate ground zero on the LV Strip in the next 1-3 years (trust me). In the interim, get a car and drive to other Strip hotels and casinos to enjoy what is not yet in the neighborhood.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great new place	I got the offer to stay 3 days and 2 nights at the hotel in exchange for the timeshare presentation. Since I am an owner it only took about an hour and was not very high pressure. They tried to buy my timeshare in exchange for one of the Las Vegas locations. Very good and clean hotel with free parking. The staff was very helpful.	
Feb 18 2008 	A great surprise	Have been to Vegas several times for both business and pleasure. I usually try to stay right in the heart of the strip and usually book Paris, Bally's or Monte Carlo.This time around, decided to pay just a little bit less and booked the HGV on thr Las Vegas Strip. The location is OK and everything is still fairly close, but the hotel 100% made up for the location. Great service, rooms are new and offer great amenities. I think I just found my new Vegas regular. At this rate, the hotel is a steal and the service, well that is fantastic. highly recommended.	
Feb 17 2008 	Not such a warm fuzzy.	I travel a lot and mostl I stay on Hilton properties. I am a Diamond member with them and did not feel as though I got any treatment from this property to say thanks for choosing us. I was upgraded to a suite which was a very nice room. The room had a washer and dryer, dishwasher, stove, basically all the essentials of a time share. And yes I was asked several times to attend meetings. Something I do not feel you should be doing to someone dropping 105,000 pts for 3 nights.The first problem was that when I made the reservation I was told that I would get breakfast every morning. But when I tried to get that taken care of at the front desk I got attitude from a girl, nowI do know one thing about Hilton properties, they try to treat the Diamond members pretty good but this girl was an [--]. Anyway no big deal. The room was very nice however the aircoditioner was not very good and the room remained warm the whole time. There was a windstorm that hit on the 13th and had 67mph winds. The rooms were &quot;screaming&quot; from the pressure and there was clanging in the duct system. We had to turn the TV up to try and drown it out and try to sleep. Not really the properties fault just a rare case that happened. The valet parking was ok. I nev er had to wait longer than 6 mins. Which was fine since they were very nice and working hard. The hotel is just away from everything and if you wanted to drink and gamble then taxi's would be the way to go. They may cost you a bit but cheaper than a dui.	
Feb 13 2008 	HGVC Upscale surrounded by run down	Upon agreeing to a timeshare presentation for an awesome rate for our stay and an excuse to visit Vegas, we found our accommodations to be amongst the higher end resorts we have stayed in, such as TheHotel at Mandalay Bay &amp; Bellagio. We were booked in a studio and upgraded at no charge to a 1bdrm suite. The suite was very nice and clean. Each time coming and going from our suite, we noticed a maintenance man always busy, which reflects a well managed operation. Housekeeping staff were keeping busy and always appeared hard at work and very friendly. Every time we left from or returned to the property, we were greeted by personnel with a smile. The accommodations were top notch.Now the downside. Location, location, location. Not good. To the north you have the run down Sahara, southeast you have the run down Riviera, directly south is Circus Circus trailer trash, and lots of riff-raff in between. This situation does the HGVC an enormous disservice to its potential. The new Trump International is under construction south of Circus Circus, across from another construction site and just northwest of Wynn. With the new construction, there is hope, but you still have the run down, older resorts and the class of people drawn to those resorts, which is not our preference.We frequent Vegas a couple times a year. We got to Vegas, as most people do, for the glitz and glam, poker rooms, Cirque productions and other comparable shows, nice dinners, and pampering. You will not find these things at HGVC. Aside from the accommodations, this resort lacks appeal to those who frequent Vegas for entertainment. For business travelers or families with children who do not plan to leave the resort, it's fine. You can cook your meals in your room and hang at the pool, which is great for some. I don't take my children to Vegas and I enjoy experiencing fine dining options. My idea of vacation with my husband away from our children is definitely not being confined to a resort with no amenities and no dining options other than pastries or a deli sandwich available at The Marketplace. I will say that prices in The Marketplace were very reasonable and comparable to grocery store prices. It's just not our thing to cook on vacation or do laundry in our room on vacation. We want immediate access to what we define as Vegas.Don't fear the time share presentation. Be upfront. If you are only going to get the perks, they are okay with that. Their time is literally wasted giving you the grand tour and presentation if you are going in with absolutely no intent to buy. Tell them you are there for the free stuff and they will deliver your incentives and send you on your way, so that they may get onto their next prospective buyer. Valet staff are incompetent. As we stand waiting for a taxi and notice others lingering with no attention from valet, a taxi arrives and everybody kind of looks around to see who gets the taxi. There was absolutely no organization or traffic direction whatsoever. Valet workers were absolutely clueless. I will say that we never waited for a taxi more than 5 minutes, although other reviews indicate otherwise, we did not have that problem at all. We were in charge though and that was bothersome. Valet needs to be re-trained and managed. I have little tolerance for ignorance.We will not return to HGVC in Las Vegas. We would definitely consider booking with HGVC in Orlando when taking the kids to Disney World, or in Hawaii on a family vacation, but this resort really just doesn't fit into the Vegas scene, especially in comparison to other options at newer, finer resorts with entertainment and dining on-site. We spent a fortune in taxi fare, as the walk just to Treasure Island was 1.2 miles and through the aforementioned riff-raff that made me uncomfortably hugging my purse along the way. Never again.	
Feb 8 2008 	New Management's attention to my post redeemed a negative experience in 2004.	I recently wrote a review explaining that my room was broken into at this hotel and I received little help and no compassion from the management. Granted, this incident was four years ago and I did not put the safety latch on my door before going to sleep.I received a response to this post from a member of the current management who was alarmed by my negative and experience at their hotel. We wrote back and forth a few times and I am now convinced that the NEW MANAGEMENT at the hotel would have handled my the incident much more effectively, and with more compassion, than the previous management had. In light of this correspondence, I would most likely return to this hotel again.As I mentioned in my previous review, the rooms were great. I had a nice suite with mini kitchen and I remember the bathrooms being exceptional, with huge spa style bathtubs. Bigger than some apartments I've had!This hotel does not have a casino in it, so it's a much more mellow place to stay if you are there on business, with a family and/or aren't into having the gambling &amp; club scene in your face every minute.	
Feb 5 2008 	Could not have been happier!	There is absolutely no doubt...we will stay here again! My wife and I were in Vegas celebrating an anniversary. We were staying at another property where we experienced problems due to ongoing construction. I called the Hilton Grand Vacations Club @ about 0800 in the morning...by 0930 we had left the other property and were checking into the Hilton.Everyone on the staff was friendly and helpful. The room (a studio) was absolutely wonderful!!! The price was very reasonable . We had a rental car so the location at the North end of the strip was no problem. I cannot tell you how happy we were with this hotel. The folks here took great care of us!! THANKS!!!	
Feb 3 2008	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel while on business in Las Vegas in January, 2008. Because we have lived in Las Vegas and because we don't need the casino-Strip experience, this hotel was great for us. We had a one-bedroom &quot;suite,&quot; although I think calling a room with a small counter (containing refrigerator, microwave, sink and cabinets) a &quot;suite&quot; is a bit misleading.At any rate, the room was a good size, extremely clean, and comfortable. My one complaint would be that the maid didn't leave fresh soap and hair products daily.There is free wireless internet in the rooms, although it can be a bit spotty if it's very windy outside. The &quot;marketplace&quot; downstairs has Starbucks, deli, and other food available, and the prices were not too outrageous considering they were in a Hilton-brand property.The property sits near the corner of Sahara and the Strip. If you want to walk to Caesar's, Bellagio, Venice, etc., you have a good 2-mile walk or so. If you don't have a car, take the Deuce, a bus that runs up and down the Strip and stops in front of the hotel. I will say, though, that parking is free at all casinos/hotels in LV (unless you use valet), and car rentals are inexpensive.At any rate. . . .We had a great experience, and if the price is right, we'll stay there again.	
Feb 1 2008 	Far off the strip	We have stayed at this hotel on several occasions for business. The hotel is clean and quiet. But if you are going for vacation it is FAR from the Strip in that you can not walk. The rooms are clean and comfortable with a fridge and micro. Not gambling in the hotel. They have a small game room for the kids, young and old. I can't remember if we had to pay for parking or not. I do remember waiting and waiting more than 15 minutes for the valet to get the car because it made me late for a meeting.Because we were there on business, we did not use the pool.I don't remember if they had a dining area but they do have a small market like you would find in a nicer gas station with a deli bar. The breakfast sandwich was good.	
Jan 27 2008 	Nice timeshare but ...	This is one of Hiltons 3 timeshare locations in Las Vegas, located opposite the Sahara Hotel, between Circus Circus and the Stratosphere. The other two are at the Hilton Flamingo and the Hilton Las Vegas next to the convention center. At those resorts we stayed in 1995, 98, 2000.It is a very nice resort with two towers of 39 floors and features amenities like 2 outdoor pools , 2 jacuzzis, spa, well equipped fitness room, deli and concierge service.We stayed in a 1 bedroom apartment on the 30th floor looking towards the Stratosphere which was very nice at night. The decoration is very similar to the HGVC's Tuscany location in Orlando. However no jacuzzi but a deep soaking tub in the master bedroom is provided.On the downside you must consider the very thin walls between apartments. We could hear everything from the ones next door. Their speaking, opening/closing doors and more.Housekeeping really depends on the person on duty for your room. The first week was perfect, the next week was extremly lousy. They seem to lack quality control/supervision.Highly unacceptable is that they chose gold (high) season to close the pool and repaint the pool deck. At the Orlando Hilton resort we experienced motor chainsaw activity at the pool desk to cut the trees over lunch time during platinum (highest) season.However at the time of reservation they did point out, that currently there is some major construction ongoing on either side of the resort (new hotels and a parking garage being built). Work began at 6.30 am every day.	
Jan 27 2008 	Quiet Simple Remote - Great for Biz Trip	Stayed for almost free for 4 nights in exchange for the typical timeshare tour. Overall, very nice, clean rooms with nice pluses (jetted tub, suite had full kitchen, bose stereo). No casino, no restaurant, but 24 gym that's free and nice biz/rec area - only dining is deli/market, but grill and deli prices are good for quick bite and served with a smile. Beer/wine prices in the market are steep - even for Vegas. Pools and outdoor hot tubs are beautiful. If you don't mind the 10min walk across the street and through Sahara you can take the monorail anywhere - but there are no shuttles and cabs to the Strip are pricey . Even the 90-min tour was well done - aside from the &quot;no pressure&quot; pressure at the very end. Only hiccup - had a housekeeping manager try to bust into the room while I was getting ready for a night out (read: half-dressed), my husband was in the shower and the radio in the living room was on. How/why he thought it was okay just to walk in is beyond me - luckily the safety latch was closed. He was just looking to make sure the room had been serviced. When raised to the front desk's attention I recieved multiple apologies, promises of it never happening again and a small comp on my bill.	
Jan 26 2008 	Nice but not amazing	This &quot;resort&quot; has very nice rooms. We stayed in a one-bedroom suite. The place was clean and very quiet. Rooms come equipped with a full kitchen (stove, oven, microwave, coffee maker, dishwasher full-size fridge) and several kitchen utensils (although they seem to be missing things like potholders, baking sheets, etc). The bathroom was large, although the connecting door to the bedroom we stayed in did not seem to latch properly. The jacuzzi tub was actually in the bedroom area rather than the bathroom itself.The property is located at the far end of the strip, closest to the Stratosphere and Sahara. The staff was helpful and polite.On-site, there is a small convenience store which charges quite a lot for standard items such as milk ($6.50/gallon), and other things (pizza, $20.00). It also includes a small starbucks.Overall, the place is nice and roomy, but the distance from other casinos is a definite drawback as you will have to drive or taxi to do some gambling or see any shows.	
Jan 20 2008 	OK But Not the Vegas Experience	My husband and I are members of Hilton Club and stayed here for 4 nights in December to see shows and shop for Christmas presents. (We are not big gamblers). The club and units are decent -- we had a good sized 1 BR unit with a nice kitchen and large bathroom. It is relatively new and everything worked great in the unit.The gym in the basement is pretty good - 3 steppers, 5 treadmills, 5 bikes. Smith Machine, dumbbells, about 7 weight machines. It's not like one of the big resort fitness clubs, but, it is free.There is a small store/deli in the basement of the club. You are a captive audience here as there is nowhere else to shop. We wanted to buy breakfast food and some snacks... extremely expensive.The main complaint I have is the location. It is diagonally across the street from the Sahara which is a very remote casino. While the club is technically on the strip it is not near anything (this includes restaurants). Otherwise, there is really nothing else here - mostly dirt lots and there are some private condos next door.If you don't mind taking the bus, there is a bus stop for the shuttle right in front. However, we found that it was difficult to get on the bus (even at the north end of the strip) due to the bus being so crowded. With all the stops, it is about 15 minutes to get from this location down to Treasure Island. And, it is virtually impossible to get on the bus down at the real part of the strip in order to come back -- way too crowded. Didn't seem to matter what time we tried either (morning, night, late evening, all crowded).So we either were resolved to take a cab (about a 20 minute wait for the cab since this hotel is remote and there aren't a lot of cabs), or, walk the 25 minutes to get down to the popular areas (Venetian, etc.). If you want a &quot;quiet&quot; Vegas vacation this is a reasonable place to stay. We found that the inconvenient location really hampered our stay and we certainly didn't have any &quot;Vegas&quot; type of feel. Frankly we could have been in any hotel in any city of the world because you are so remote that you don't really know where you are anyway.I will note that the absence of a casino was a real plus - no smoke, no confusion, no long wait for an elevator.	
Jan 18 2008 	HGVC is a Gem!	My husband and I stayed in early January 2008 during a very busy time in LV when the huge CES trade show was in town. The hotel was full.We got a very good rate as a Southwest Airlines Vacations package. Our room was one of the smaller ones, not a suite, but decently appointed with fridge, micro, and coffeemaker. Lovely granite cabinet tops everywhere gave a feeling of luxury. Great big TV too.My only complaint is the water may be too soft, as it was very difficult to get rid of the &quot;soapy&quot; feeling when showering and washing. I've never experienced this in any other LV properties.The amenities, such as their food and snack cafe, The Marketplace, and their fitness center were top notch. I was rather glad there was not a high-priced restaurant on premises; we ate lightly during the day and saved the calories for a larger dinner later on.We had a car, so travel around LV was great. Rental cars are cheap enough,but, OUCH...they get you on the taxes!The outstanding thing about the property is the friendliness and willingness of the staff to help out. Everyone from valet to maid to front desk was extremely pleasant.Overall this is a great stay, particularly for people who have been to Vegas many times and don't need or want the huge casino hotel experience.	
Jan 10 2008 	Far from everywhere	I stayed at this propety with my wife and another couple in October 2007. Our stay was discounted, as we were asked to go through their timeshare presentation.First the good part: The room. We had a 2 bedroom suite, and it was very nice. Well equiped kitchen, nice beds, large bathroom, plus free wireless internet. If you are going to vegas and your room is the most important part to you, I recommend this property.Now the bad: The hotel is located on the far north part of the strip. And actually calling it on the &quot;strip&quot; I think is misleading. We spent a tremendous amount of our trip walking back and forth between this hotel and the Sahara where the monorail station was located. It's a 15 minutes walk, plus you are going through a pretty shady part of town. Not fun at night. We ended up taking more taxi's than we planned, and I would highly recommend you prepare for that, or rent a car. In any event, the location of this hotel is not good if you want to experience the las vegas stripThe other problem with the location was the lack of entertainment or food on the property, basically forcing you to go elsewhere to do anything other than sit in your room or lounge by the pool. I'm ok with this property not having a casino, but it really needs to have a decent restaurant. If you are not planning on taking advantage of the kitchen in the one and two bedroom suites, you will be doing a lot of traveling to eat.Finally, be wary of the timeshare presentation. We spent well over four hours in the presentation plus the time they spent trying to close us (I was somewhat interested, but was not going to make a decision that day). They were professional, but it is a high pressure sale so be prepared if you decide to do it (or have to, as it was for us to get the deal on the room). Also be aware that the $25 food gift certificate they give you can only be used at a few Hilton affiliated restauants. We made the mistake of going to Quarks bar, assuming it was affiliated with Hilton (it is INSIDE the LV Hilton), and were told it wasn't good there.	
Jan 10 2008 	Loved the HGVC	We stayed at the HGVC for 5/19/07 &amp; 5/20/07 and it was great. The hotel is beautiful and fairly new, which I loved. There’s nothing worse then paying a lot of money for a hotel room, just to have it out dated and dingy. We got one of the suites with a fridge and sink. We really didn’t use them but I could see how the suite would come in handy for a family staying for a week trying to save some money. There is a deli/eatery with a little market where you can buy some food. This Hilton is little bit further away from most of the action of the strip, but you can always take a cab, ride the bus, or do a lot of walking. It would have been great if we could have stayed further down the strip but we chose to stay at the Hilton because it was moderately priced for the quality and location. Any other place in the center of the strip or on the strip was either overly priced and nice or was more affordable but a dump. The other thing about this hotel that I loved was that it wasn’t a typical Vegas hotel with loud clubs and smoky casinos. The HGVC is just a very nice hotel…no bars, no clubs, not one casino. The next time I have to come to Vegas I will definitely stay here.	
Jan 7 2008 	Excellent Value for Money - 5-Day Stay	The Hilton Grand Vacations Club on the Las Vegas Strip provides excellent value for money. My family and I used a two-bedroom unit for 5 people. This meant that one person had to sleep on the sleeper sofa in the main living area. The accommodations are comfortable. But note: you must have a rental car. You can self-part of use valet parking. The absence of a casino makes the property pleasant. Of course, because we went in winter, the swimming pool was not available. This is my third long-term stay at this property and I plan on going again.	
Jan 4 2008 	Inconvenient Overrated!	We stayed in this hotel for over 10 days for the holidays...the location is not very convenient. Not much going on in the area. If you want to get something to eat past 11 PM, you're out of luck. In December, when it got terribly cold, the walk to the nearby Hilton was miserable. The only way you should stay in this hotel is if you have a car.We were in a 1-bedroom suite. It was tiny! Sure it had a pullout bed, but if you opened that up, there is no way you will be able to walk around the room. After sleeping on the hard bed for 10 days, I went home with a bad backache. With the paper-thin walls, we heard people in the room next door doing their dishes! The fridge and microwave were an added bonus after we learned our lesson later to bring our own food to the hotel. Housekeeping always gave us a call to ask if we wanted our room cleaned after we left the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign at the door. The only thing is that they always forgot to restock us with coffee and forgot to take our trash out one time. Bottom line is, the Hilton Grand Vacations Club Hotel is not worth the money. It is inconvenient and way overrated.	
Jan 3 2008 	Cheap but acceptable	My wife and I stayed here for a few days after I concluded a business trip elsewhere in town.The room was very high in the tower with great views towards the smarter end of the strip and for the price we paid we certainly felt happy. Although the room was small (tiny in fact), it was clean , quite and it had everything we needed, the small kitchenette a nice bonus. At the end of the day it was a relief to come back to a hotel that was off the tourist trail and with no casino it was very quiet. Although we appreciated its quiet location after 2-3 days the using the monorail or taxi's, the travel became tiresome, especially in the 105 degree heat. Thankfully we managed to avoid the sales pitch.I wouldn't use the hotel again - it was simply too far from anything for our tastes. But if you don't mind that and want value for money then its a perfectly decent hotel.	
Jan 2 2008 	Sweet digs for a reasonable price!	Since I am a Hilton Honors member, and my girlfriend Isn't much a gambling fan, I decided to stay at a hotel which would be quiet and without a casino. The Hilton Grand on the Strip is ideal for anyone who doesn't want to blow $200 a night yet still wants a sweet room.  When I opened the door to my room I was surprised to find a full kitchen with washer and dryer, plus a 32 inch flat screen TV. I had then realized that since I was a Hilton Gold member, they upgraded my room.  The hotel is located across from the Sahara, so it's just a 5 minute walk to the monorail. Staff is nice and courteous, and if you are willing to spend an hour to view their presentation on property shares, they'll give you $150 !!  The swimming pool isn't bad, and has plenty of space. There are plenty of waitresses on hand to serve drinks or food as well. All in all it was a great stay. And I recommend it to anyone who wants a quiet room away from the ringing of casino noise.	
Dec 27 2007 	The HGVC is great but be prepared for the sales pitch	My wife and I stayed at the HGVC in Las Vegas for two nights in December for our anniversary. I booked through the Hilton website, and we would definitely stay here again. For those who might be afraid of heights, the taller tower is 39 stories (I couldn’t find this info out before we went so I wanted to list it).Location/Outside Appearance: The hotel is located on the northern part of the strip, right next to the Sahara and Circus Circus casinos. There is easy access to the freeway and it is only a few miles south of the Fremont Street Experience. The outside of the hotel is spotless and well landscaped. Since it doesn’t have a casino, the crowds and commotion are almost non existence here.Lobby/Check-In: The lobby and central hub of the two towers are very elegant and clean. The newness of the hotel is apparent. The workout room, game room, convenient store, and small café are all located right next to each other in this hub. Check-in was super fast with no line (we checked in on a Thursday and had notice horrendous lines at the casinos we had visited earlier in the day). We were ‘upgraded’ to the penthouse level on the 37th floor. Our room was the one I reserved…it was simply higher up. I guess you can call that an upgrade.Accommodations: We had a studio room with a king bed. Features included a flat screen TV, fridge, microwave, toaster, wet bar area, plates, and utensils. Also included were typical features like a coffee maker, iron/ironing board, hair dryer, etc. The room was spotless, I really can’t complain about anything here. There was also free wireless internet access. The water pressure was excellent and we always had hot water. Also the water was obviously softened which was nice.Service: Housekeeping was great and the front desk staff was friendly. One thing to beware of when you stay here is that they will at some point try to get you to go through their timeshare presentation (If the name didn’t tip you off, the HGVC is one of Hilton’s timeshare properties; there is also one at the Flamingo hotel). For us, they called us at home a few weeks before we were supposed to arrive to schedule an appointment. When we got there we realized we wouldn’t have time and just didn’t want to deal with it. So when they called our room to remind us of our appointment I told them we couldn’t make it and they didn’t bug us anymore. Overall the HGVC on the strip was a nice place to stay. I’m so glad we chose to stay someplace that didn’t have a casino. The atmosphere at this hotel is like a breath of fresh air compared to the typical casino hotels (both figuratively and literally in that this hotel is non-smoking), the crowds are almost non-existent. We’d definitely stay here again even with the timeshare salespeople, and I’d recommend it to others.	
Dec 11 2007	believe it or not " a relaxed trip to L.V."	Our five night stay at HGVC on the strip was as good as it gets.Yes, we have stayed in the major hotels on the strip but seemed controled by the gambling. The two bedroom suite give us the space to relax in the morning, munch on left overs and share a bottle of wine before dinner.The unit was in perfect condition and the staff offered wonderful service.Remember this is a timeshare ownership resort so just say no if you dont want to atttend a presentation. We were not even asked but I would not have been insulted if we were contacted.It helps to have a car but with all the valet service it is very easy.I would recommend this location for a stay of four nights or more.	
Dec 3 2007 	Beautiful accommodation terrible location; noisy construction	Stayed at the HGV on the Strip on Nov 24-29. The 1-bed suite was lovely - but the location is a major drawback! It's the wrong end of the Strip, which means you either spend a fortune in taxis, or spend hours riding the Deuce bus or the monorail to get to where the action is on the Strip. Also, HGV is surrounded by all the scuzzy hotels like Circus Circus, and The Stratosphere, and you can't go for a stroll outside the hotel without meeting various dodgy-looking characters on the pavements (assorted hookers, drug-dealers, muggers etc...)Another drawback is the fact HGV doesn't have any kind of buffet or dining facilities. They've got a small deli on the premises, so you can get a coffee or a sandwich, but if you want a proper breakfast or dinner you have to head off up the Strip to one of the big hotels.One other big drawback is the amount of construction going on nextdoor - on both sides! I had to change rooms at 4am because I couldn't sleep due to the trucks beeping and banging throughout the night - and my new room on the other side of the hotel was only marginally better!Such a pity, because the HGV itself is beautiful, and the staff are all polite and courteous...	
Nov 29 2007 	wonderful	We just returned from Vegas (11/18-11/25) and had a wonderful time. Everyone was pleasant and the room was better than I expected. I especially loved the deep soaking tub in the room. When it was to chilly to go out to the hot tub, I could stay in my room and watch tv while relaxing. This worked for me because at times I have a mobility problem that's quite painful. One issue we had on our floor was the vending soda machine was empty and I lost money in the snack machine. We'll definately go back again. mobi136	
Nov 24 2007 	Hilton Worst Than Hostel	Really don't know from where to start......oh yes!I'm VIP Gold Honnors Member, and I've made booking directly at the hotel web site in October, my visit suppost to be in november, the web site was full availability and so why i did made the booking. SURPRISE!! after my very long journey= Florence(italy)&gt;milan&gt;chicago&gt;las vegas= 24 hours non stop travel.......finally we got there and a very joung receptionist it was starting talking like a machine, I could not understand a word, also I ask to repeat slowly and he did just the same as before, well finally we understand that the hotel was overbooked and we have to go to a sister hotel (hilton las vegas), the hotel and especially the rooms was up-to-date, and as VIP member normally I've got upgrading without ask for it, this time we got the room next to elevator and without any basic amenities, I was so up-seat and tired that I've sleep only the day of arrival and I check-out the next day, well nobody care why?! whats happened and so on, just pay one night and go!God blass my decision to mouve in different hotel, without be part of any membership Iìve been treated like a VIP person, and got it a fantastic room with upgrading for little money.Make yourself a favour, skip hilton and stay at MGM GRAND SIGNATURE tousend time much better located and staff well organize and helpfull, I will definately NOT use any longer hilton hotels worldwide, very poor customer service and without personality.Certanley Mr. Hilton will not be happy but can surviwe.	
Nov 13 2007 	A Grand Time Had by All	Our dear cousins from Ottawa, Canada booked a 3 bedroom suite at the Hilton Grand Vacations on the LV Strip to share with 3 other Canadian cousins (2 from Edmonton, 1 from Vancouver). They certainly know how to pick them! This property is splendid. The Marketplace is a handy place for a snack or much-needed Starbucks java jolt. It has a lovely pool area with heated pool and 2 hot tubs. Our unit had a master suite w/jacuzzi and bathroom, full kitchen, living room, another bedroom with king bed and separate bathroom. There was the adjoining room I shared with my cousin that had its own bathroom, microwave, kitchen sink and small fridge. The king bed was more than enough to share. From the living room window (on the 35th floor) we could see the XScream ride operating atop the Stratosphere tower. For those who can't afford taxis or don't rent a car there is a bus stop right outside the property to catch the Deuce. Sahara, Circus Circus and Riviera were all in walking distance but it is a fair hike from main part of the Strip. This property has no casino so at the end of a long shift of slot play it was a pleasure to walk through the doors into a smoke-free, casino-free zone. The water was always hot for showers and because of all the room we weren't bumping into each other. And Harv makes the best breakfast sandwiches! Our short 3-day trip was incredibly special partly due to the awesome accommodations and the wonderful company of family. I would stay at the Hilton Grand Vacations on the Strip again in a heartbeat - and indeed plan to someday soon.	
Nov 12 2007	Great Place!	Five of us stayed here in a two bedroom for 4 nights/5days on te 17th floor. We were happy to see that everything was so new, clean, and completely furnished. We'd stayed at other timeshares and apartment type places before where they charge you for every additional thing you need, but the Hilton replenishes coffee (and condiments) as you need them. The only thing was housekeeping never came in. Our friend who owns there mentioned they don't come in if you're staying there for less than a week, but there was a little card that didn't say anything as such. Didn't bother us too much other than after cooking breakfast for a couple days we had built up some garbage! There is lots of space between the three rooms, the sound system is pretty nice (bose speakers in the living room), and we loved having all the pots/pans/dishes we needed. Helps break up the monotony of eating out every meal. As mentioned in some other reviews, there isn't a casino in here, but for me, it was a good change when they are everywhere else!We rented a car, which proved to be a great thing since the hotel is quite a walk from the center of the strip. There is still a lot of construction around this area (although you can't hear any of it). But there is free parking in the back. Some of the items are a little overpriced, but the little 24 hr market downstairs is really convenient. The fitness room is nice as well with at least 5-10 machines plus weight machines. We didn't get to check out the pool, but the area looked pretty and well kept.Overall, we were impressed with the rooms and enjoyed our stay.	
Nov 6 2007 	Excellent Hotel!	We were booked into a studio in Tower 2. The room was great- newly furnished, all furnishings very comfortable and it felt like a hotel where we could just chill out.There's no casino in the hotel, which was great for me- it's a nice break from all the hundreds of casinos in Vegas! The location's great as well, on the strip- albeit at the end of it- but it's very convenient to explore all the other hotels and also there's a great shopping mall just 2 minutes away.There's also a little marketplace on the lower ground floor- it's open 24 hours if one needs to get some food/drinks. The kitchenette in the room is very well equipt! Parking's free if you self-park, USD6 a day if you valet your car. Altho you're probably expected to tip each time you're collecting/parking your car. It's a short walk from the car park if you don't mind the self service.Staff members were very kind and helpful. Checking in and out was a breeze. Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 5 2007 	Ok Not Bad Not Great	Stayed at hotel via Timeshare stay, Had to spend 2 terrible hours of high pressure sales pitch. (Didn't buy) Hotel is ok, Best feature of room, there is a washer and dryer in the 1bd suite. Great for family with kids, if you want to get away go to Lake Las Vegas. Probably will not stay at this property again!	
Nov 3 2007 	It's Great!!	We booked our holiday through our timeshare exchange and were looking forward to it. Kept an eye on the reviews on this website and was a bit worried about some of them but hoped for the best!! It is a great place to stay especially if you have a car. We rented one for the week and used the valet service - they only charge you for 5 days if you are staying for the week $6 per day. It was really effecient and we didn't have to wait long at all to get car. We would then drive to a hotel on the strip, use their valet parking (free) visit hotels etc in that area, get the car back and carry on down the strip and do the same again!! (saved walking too far in the heat)In the evenings we used taxis which were reasonable and they know the back ways into the hotels etc.The rooms were huge and had everything you need and more, we were in tower 2 which is the newer tower in a one bedroom and our teenage boys were in the interconnecting studio next door!! They had their own fridge, tv, bathroom etc.The swimming pool area is in the shade at certain times of the day but you soon figure out where to sit to get the sun, just move around.Can recommend....... the Legends show (typical vegas show with table seating) and eat at The Cheesecake Factory at the Forum - great atmosphere.All in all a great holiday and yes we would go back to HGVC on the Strip again!!Oh one bad point is the internet facility - they had four pc's and you have to pay to use them - have never encountered that anywhere else!!	
Nov 2 2007	okay but....	Chose a place without gambling, but in walking distance to the strip. Location is okay if you don't mind walking. Not close to anything but the Hilton Hotel and the tram, which is great to get up and down the strip. Otherwise, long walks to Wynn, Riviera and Circus. Room was spacious, clean and nice. Lobby, and gathering areas basic as is deli.Pain in the rear bar service at the pool. Pool is poorly situated mid-fall and spring as sun goes behind highrises early. No push to do timeshare tour, YEA!!	
Oct 30 2007	It was a great week!	We stayed at the HGVC from 10/14/07 to 10/21/07. My husband &amp; I traveled with our married daughter, who wanted one last getaway, before her 1st baby is born in December. We had a great week, enjoyed our condo on the 23rd floor of Tower 2, had great massages at the spa &amp; spent afternoons at the pools. We found there is no place around the pool, where you can spend the entire afternoon &amp; stay in the sun. Because our daughter has gestational diabetes &amp; on a very strict diet, we ate the majority of our meals in our condo. We appreciated the well equipped kitchen. We had a rental van &amp; drove to a nearby Walmart &amp; an Albertson's to get groceries. Every day we drove to a nearby mall, by the end of our trip, we had visited 4 - different malls, with repeat visits to some. We also enjoyed entertainment at other resorts on the Strip. We did not get show tickets before our arrival, so we went to Tix 4 Tonight at Fashion Show Mall to purchase our day of show tickets for the Coaster's, Platter's &amp; Temptations, as well as, Stomp Out Loud. The hotel staff, from the bell hops, to the concierge, to the spa employees, were all so friendly!	
Oct 30 2007	Bed Bugs!!!!	Arrival appeared to be ok and we were shown a room in the newer tower II, on the 20th floor . Woke up the next morning and found that we had slept in a bed infested with BED BUGS! From that moment on we were treated like 3rd class citizens. By the way we are Hilton Grand Vacation Club Owners. We were told we had to give up ALL of our belongings to be checked by housekeeping and did not get them back until 11pm that night. We were sent to a store that looked like the Goodwill of Vegas, my husband who is normally easy going would not shop at that store. We ended up having to locate a mall and spend well over the Hilton's meager allotment of 100 dollars. We never did get answers on how this happened or how Hilton would rectify this situation with their owners. To top it off we were then required to attend an update demonstration on a Hilton Timeshare! Bad Business and Bad Manners....	
Oct 29 2007	Peaceful oasis!	I am not a fan of Las Vegas. I dreaded this trip, expecting smoky spaces, stained carpet and noisy neighbors.Boy was I wrong! This hotel was a pleasant surprise!I took the 6.00 shuttle (located just outside baggage claim) to the hotel which took about 40 minutes because we had lots of stops. It was worth 6.00 and I got to gawk at the sights along the way. The driver was very friendly!So we get to the hotel and I was very surprised at the pretty lobby. Not Vegas like... much more intimate and classy.Check in was very fast and the employees were very nice.My room was on the 23rd floor. I get off the elevator and the first thing I noticed was the smell. It smelled like a Coach store.I never figured out the source of the smell, but it smelled like fresh, new leather. Not even a hint of the cigarette and exhaust smell that permeates most of Vegas.The room itself was quite a shock. HUGE!It was more of a one bedroom apartment.*Immaculate, full kitchen with everything you would need to cook and serve meals.*Large Bedroom with king bed. Very, very comfortable with assorted pillows. I have trouble sleeping at hotels and this was very comfy, thank Goodness!*Large bathroom with a huge walk-in shower. Between the bathroom and bedroom was a giant soaking tub. You could watch TV from the tub! I will generally avoid these tubs because they have those nasty germ infested ‘jacuzzi’ jets but this one did not. It was perfectly spotless and large enough to recline and relax with water up to your neck! I used it every night.*FREE WIRELESS THAT WORKS!*Expanded cable with HBO!*Great Crabtree and Evelyn bath products*Dining table, work desk and other ‘just like home’ touches.*There is a large CVS next door that has just about anything you need at normal CVS prices.I was able to cook my own breakfast and work, just like at home.Now to many of you, this will sound crazy but for me going to Vegas is just a drag. It seems you have doors banging all night, people laughing and being obnoxious in the hallways at all hours of the morning and long waits/lines at every turn.I felt like I was in a luxury hotel in Chicago or NYC… not Vegas.No noises of any kind all night!My colleagues were able to gamble and party to their hearts content on the strip and I was able to relax and attend to business!	
Oct 29 2007	Not recommended for business	First off, I am a HHonors Diamond member, and have been for 4 years (40+ stays/year and about 100 nts/year). This was the first time I stayed at a Hilton Grand Vacations Club -- and will likely be the last. I usually stay at the LV Hilton when in town, but it was full this time.The primary reason I seek to book with Hilton is the loyalty program. The HGV Club has minimal benefits (I received one voucher for continental breakfast for one person in the overpriced Marketplace even though I was there for 4 nights). There is no executive lounge, and WiFi was down for over 24 hours. There was a business center with 4 computers (to handle 60+ floors of guests in the two buildings), so you cannot expect to do any work there. There are no privileges for the HHonor benefits extended at the regular Hilton (about 3/4 mile away). I complained to the Guest Services/Welcome desk but was told that not giving complementary anything to HHonors people who are there more than 1 day was a new corporate decision. They wanted people to spend in the Marketplace store (breakfast of a biscuit sandwich, yogurt and coffee was about $10; a bottle of water was about $3).I was upgraded to a 1BR suite at check-in, which was nice. But having the doorbell ring at 8am by the cleaning staff (even on weekends) was not much fun.The HGV Club would be fine for vacations -- the pool looked nice and the room was spacious. But if you are there for business or appreciate HHonors perks -- look elsewhere. I surely will next time (I am back in LV for 3 more business trips in the next year).	
Oct 26 2007	Great Place for Families with Toddlers	My family (myself, wife and 2 year old son) stayed here for our vacation (I also attended a conference at another hotel) and were quite pleased with our stay. Getting here from the airport, other than the strip traffic, was easy and the location closer to the end of the strip not at all inconvenient as long as your willing to drive (may I recommend in the future avoiding the strip to get to places and instead taking the side streets... much faster and saves a headache or 2). Our check in process was painless as well the self parking (uncovered).We booked a 1 bedroom suite and we found it nice, clean and roomy. The living room really does have a Bose sound system/DVD player and so our toddler very much enjoyed relaxing by the tv. There is some annoying noise coming from the outside on the strip as there is construction that seems to be going on 24/7. A recommendation would be to bring ear plugs for after we bought them our sleep was quite undisturbed. The pool, although on the small side, was quite cozy and fun. The water never gets deeper than 3'6&quot; and the fountains are quite fun for a toddler to play with. We were told the pool was heated but this did not seem the case at all... one of the few disapointments for the hotel.The marketplace and gym downstairs were more than adequate. Nothing fancy but everything you could possibly want was there. My wife ventured to the spa here and found it quite up to par with other spas she had been to (I have no clue how to evaluate spas). This resort/hotel is also part of the Hilton Vacations Club Timeshare thing but we felt none of the salesmanship that goes on with those kinds of presentations (we were never asked to go to one as far as I remember). If we come back to Vegas, we'll defenitely shop around but keep this place in our rotation for years to come.	
Oct 26 2007 	Loved It!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I have just returned from my VEGAS trip which I went with 5 other girls. We are in our early 20's and decided to stay at this hotel because we found it to be quite affordable. I must admit, before getting to the hotel, I was a bit nervous because I honestly did not know what to expect with this hotel but was pleasantly surprised. I loved everything about this hotel. The staff were soooo nice to us. The rooms were super clean and the hotel itself was quite impressive. It's nice and comphy (unlike other vegas hotels)............Grand hilton,however,does not have any restaurants inside the hotel, they only have a tiny deli downstairs but it has STARBUCKS coffee and yummy turkey sandwiches so no worries.....The flamingo hotel is right next to it and you can use their pool and casino.......its an amazing hotel i loved it...........u can also walk to nearby hotels such as the MIRAGE and ceasars palace..however, for us girls (in our heels), it was best to take cabs everywhere!!!! The only negative thing i would say about this hotel would be that the shower is super slow....it took me about 20minutes to take a 5minute shower because the shower is sooo slow, if you speed it up, the temperature rises so it gets kinda annoying and HOT! anyways, overall i loved the hotel, i think the service was great and just the overall atmosphere of the hotel was fantastic......I hated the people at the front desk, they weren't very helpful but the staff and doorman were!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 21 2007 	Great for nonsmokers	Determining which hotel to stay for a surprise trip for my husband's 40th birthday was the biggest struggle I had. I finally stumbled upon TripAdvisor's reviews for the Hilton Grand Vacations Club and booked it. We are so glad we stayed there. Las Vegas is such a smoky town, and it was so welcoming to walk into a nonsmoky lobby and floors. Sure, there were the usual congregants near the doorways, but it was just about heaven compared to the 8 or so hotels with casinos that we walked through. Our room was clean, our service was efficient. The marketplace downstairs was good for a few provisions, and it's now open 24 hours a day. Based on the reviews here, I rented a car and was glad we did. The major hotels all have free parking. We took one walk the first day we were there and it was long in the dry desert air. The hotel is relatively quiet. We had a room overlooking Circus Circus and the new Trump Tower. The room darkening shades made it easy for us to sleep until noon one day without realizing it! Hotel comes with free internet, a DVD player, and a CD player my husband couldn't figure out how to work (we used the DVD). We used the toaster every day and were glad to have a refrigerator. The only constructive comment I have is they need to update their web site directions from the airport to direct people from the new airport rent-a-car center. Getting there was more challenging than we expected. A wonderful stay at a wonderful hotel.	
Oct 19 2007 	Loved the Hilton	Stayed a Sat night at the end of Sept. Read all the reviews and have to dispute some of the 'negative' comments I read. Alhough check in was not officially till 4pm, a quick phone call first thing, and the staff were extremely helpful and told us we could check in straight away. By 10am I was in my room and unpacking. Furthermore, whilst the Hotel is way up the strip opposite the Sahara, there is a Deuce bus stop right outside. Also the monorail is at the Sahara and the time to walk from the hotel entrance to the monorail itself took no more than 10 minutes... I timed it contrary to some earlier comments I've read. I would say location no issue really.We stayed in a Suite, it cost £93 for the night between 3. Max in a room tends to be 4. Absolutely spotless, only gripe was the coffee maker could have done with a better clean but apart from that there was no complaints. The room and attached living room were more than adequate size. Sofa bed was very comfortable and the bath used by my companions in the bedroom was fantastic.Never had time to use the pool but it looked very clean and the shop is quite reasonable but based on a weak dollar! The kitchen is fully equipped and I would say ideal for families especially with a dishwasher and washing machine in the studio suites. Powder is available in the guest laundry rooms for a $1 so easy to get things washed etcAll in all I would stay here again.	
Oct 18 2007 	Spontanous vegas trip	Like many traveler's to Vegas, this is a spur of the moment trip. gloomy and rainy where I was..next thing I know,I'm in sunny Nevada!booked my trip last minute with a call to a family member to book it over the interned and lo' and behold the cheapest place on a Sat night was this place at around$150 for everything this was a deal. So I didn't know what to expect.Location wise, this is on the strip but just slight past Circus-Circus and my family's long fave place Riviera, both classic places on the strip. I like that it was a little further away from the hustle and bustle of the main strip and still close enough to walk to Venetian or Wynn and their new mall. This place as it says is more like a timeshare type place, so you won't find a casino with ladies in a miniskirt serving you a drink. It's actually a nice room with a fridge, microwave,toaster, and utensils. and all the amenities of a mini kitchen. My room was in tower 2 which is fairly new. Bathroom is nice but a little small to compared to other Vegas hotels . Our room was clean and nicely decorated of typical modern hotel motif and it has a DVD player and flat screen for some who actually wants to stay in for one night in Vegas. yeah right!The place has a pool. no restaurant though but a market place and small cafeteria type food place that's good for breakfast on the go. So for food splurge, gosomewhere else in the strip!I really liked staying here considering it was a last minute booking. Although be forwarn, thank goodness I checked out in the front desk rather than dropping one of their checkout cards because they were gonna charge me again. It got clarified but it was a little annoying since I already paid through Orbits. Otherwise, I totally recommend this place for some last minute folks or even planners.	
Oct 18 2007 	Great- a suite suite	Needed a suite for a long-weekend Vegas getaway- went with our mom. Stayed in the &quot;new&quot; wing. Kitchen and appliances were high quality. Bathroom was spacious and very well appointed.- stall shower (great) and full oversized tub (no jacuzzi). Bed and pillows were comfortable. Pull out queen was great. Furniture was new. Loved the berber carpet. Flat screen TVs in bedroom and living room. What not to like! Enjoyed not paying for every little extra: Free internet access, free full gym, free rec. room with billiards.Didn't use pool- strange weekend with wind and highs in the low 70s day, low 50s night. Pool area looked great, though. BIG hot tub.It is a far walk from the major part of the strip, but the hotel staff was more than helpful referring us to the bus that stops at the entrance of the hotel (goes up and down the strip 24/7) or EASY to get a cab. WEAR COMFORTABLE SHOES! Everything on the strip is a HIKE!! It is nice that this hotel is away from the hassle of the middle of the strip. It's nice to go back at the end of the day or night to retire.Rented a car on day 3 to venture around Vegas. For some nature- Went to Red Rock National Park- very beautiful and close by. If I had another day, would have ventured to Hoover, Bryce, or Grand Canyon. Couldn't this time...Would stay at the HGV again; you can't match the price anywhere on the strip for the quality, square footage of the room, and ammenities.Enjoy!	
Oct 11 2007 	A comfortable and quiet hotel	I stayed here with my wife in May 2007, for 3 nights. We also stayed at TI for 4 nights, which I have reviewed on the TI page.Location------------The Hilton's location at the North end of the Strip means it is much quiter than staying at a hotel/casino closer to the middle of it. This was pleasant after 4 nights at TI. This is enhanced by the fact that there is no casino in the Hilton. Of course the downside is that you have to travel in to the main part of the Strip for gambling or a good meal. However, it is only 10 minutes away by bus or taxi.Accommodation----------------------We stayed in a 1-bedroom suite. The jacuzzi was a welcome luxury. The separate sitting room and kitchen are decorated in a contemporary style and are comfortable and very clean. The kitchen includes a dishwasher, washing machine, coffee maker, microwave and oven, which is everything you need to get by. We were on a high floor but the views are nothing special for Las Vegas. We could not see the Strip, just the mountains, which was beautiful at sunset though.Dining---------The Hilton Grand Vacation Club is not really a hotel, but more of a luxury self-catering resort, or a home away from home. As such, there is only a small coffee shop and convenience store on the ground floor. However, they will still bring breakfast up for you. Overall---------We enjoyed our stay and all the staff were very helpful. However, next time in Las Vegas we will stay at TI. We felt the Hilton was just a little too far away from the glitz and glamour of the Strip, which is what we went to Las Vegas for. We also missed having a proper restaurant and bar in the hotel.	
Oct 9 2007 	Fab Hotel - quiter end of the strip	Excellent hotel at northern end of the strip - began and ended a 2.5 week trip to states in Las vegas. Booked the Hilton based on reviews , first weekend stay had normal room bed/bath - very nice maybe a tad on small side but very clean and comfortable. After a road trip up the west coast california returned to LV and found ourselves back at the Hilton - this time we were upgraded to 1 bed suite - really very nice - full kitchen / lounge / huge bath tub in bedroom etc ,, loved it, We actaully liked that we were away from the hub of centre strip., we walked to NYNY a couple of times ( approx 20-25 leisurely walk) but used the deuce &amp; taxis.. Superb pool area with attentive service staff. great Deli style store serving starbucks.. ( a little busy at breakfast time) All in all could not fault the hotel for money , I reckon maybe best value in Las vegas.	
Oct 8 2007 	First Vacation in Vegas!	This property is a combination timeshare/resort. We avoided the timeshare bit like an bad Elvis impersonator.The property itself is nice - a very art-deco sort of architecture and appointments, which we really liked. The valet area is a nightmare of inefficiency - I would counsel you to be prepared to just haul your bags in. The front desk staff were pleasant, but not overly friendly. The room was nice - we were in Tower One, and our 3rd floor room overlooked the front entrance, but I'm pleased to report that we didn't have any complaints with noise at all. We had a single king bed (as requested), and the room was nicely appointed. I did have an issue with housekeeping, as there was mildew on the shower curtain liner - definitely an unpleasant thing to encounter right after checking in!There was free wireless internet, but it was pretty sluggish during our stay. They have one computer downstairs in the &quot;Active Lounge&quot; where you can print boarding passes for free; otherwise, the computers require a credit card for access.The hotel is located on the north end of the strip, right off Sahara Blvd. If you're looking for quiet - this is the place to be, as the sidewalks aren't packed with hawkers, revelers, etc. The downside is that it definitely requires a car to access any of the places visitors commonly want to see while on the Strip.They don't have room service - which is okay, because based on the little cafe they have downstairs, it would be ridiculously expensive.We didn't go to the pool, as it was about 73 and very windy while we were there. It is possible that we didn't experience any construction noise while we were there because of the high winds keeping the workers off the high-rise portions, but I don't know that for a fact.All in all, I think we would be willing to stay here again on a future trip. The prices were reasonable (about $170 a night), I was able to actually sleep, and the refrigerator/freezer/microwave was handy for reheating leftovers from the night before. For the Starbucks junkies, the cafe downstairs serves Starbucks and pastries in the morning.	
Oct 8 2007 	A Calming Oasis	I booked this hotel at the last minute, and I was pleasantly surprised. It is a new hotel away from all the hub of the strip, but still conveniently close to all the attractions of the strip. The studio rooms are fairly small, especially with the amount of furniture they have in them (king bed, two chairs, couch, microwave, mini fridge, and small table), but they are nicely appointed. The bathroom is tiny as well, but the water pressure is exceptional. There is a nice marketplace downstairs that is open 24 hours. There is not a casino in this hotel, so it is very relaxing after being in the high energy environments on the strip. The biggest drawback of this hotel in my opinion is the early check out (10:00am). They have a guest service room for people whose flights don't leave until later in the day, but in Vegas, a noon checkout would be nice. The only other complaint I have was the staff -- they weren't very competent and didn't seem trained in how to fix their errors. They screwed up my billing, and the girl at the marketplace ran my credit card for the wrong around and couldn't figure out how to back out the transaction. Overall, it's a nice hotel and lends to a good night's rest.	
Oct 3 2007	Thoroughly recommend this hotel	From the moment we walked into the reception, till the moment we left, the service was first class.First impression was of a bright clean modern hotel. The one bedroom suite had everything you could need when away from home. The bed and the pillows were so comfortable we are having some shipped over.The rooms were cleaned everyday without any problem. The pool area was great and we could always get a sunbed. The deli at the bottom of the hotel was handy for any extras you might need and we didn't find it expensive.This was our first time to Vegas and although we loved visiting the other hotels on the strip, it was so nice to get away from all the pushing and shoving and smokers that always seem to be in your face. Valet parking never had us waiting more that five minutes to get the car, no matter what time we asked for it.	
Sep 30 2007 	Great choice for business trip to Vegas!	My husband and I stayed here for five nights for a business trip. We both really liked the hotel, and would definitely stay here again.The hotel is clean and very quiet. There is no casino in this hotel, and therefore, you do not have to deal with the noise, etc. You almost forget you are in Vegas.The rooms are a bit larger than average. They come with a mini fridge, microwave, toaster and coffee maker. The room is even stocked with plates, silverware and glasses. We were able to go to a nearby grocery store and stock up on food for our time there.The bed is very comfortable, aside from the pillows. The pillows are the ones that flatten completely as soon as you lie down on them. However, the bed itself is comfortable, and the blankets are very plush. The room temperature only goes down to 65 degrees, and a few nights we had trouble sleeping because it was so warm. I think maybe the thick covers were a bit too much (despite how comfortable they were)!The hotel gym is very nice if you want to do cardio. There were about 8 to 10 treadmills, 3 elipticals, and 5 bikes. Even when the gym was crowded, you could find a piece of equipment to use. The gym had 5 or 6 plasma screens around the room which made the workout go a bit faster. The weight equipment looked great, but after one day of lifting, I decided to do only cardio while I was there. The machines were hard to adjust to different body sizes, and for instance, the cable cross machine had weights that were almost impossible to move - something wrong with the pulley. However, they do have dumbbells and weighted bars. The staff was great. We had questions every night, and always loved the recommendations. I had some things to fax for work, and the fax machine in the business center was not working. Without hesitation, a staff member faxed my material for me behind the front desk - no charge.The only possible downside is that this hotel is at the complete opposite end of the strip from all of the &quot;action.&quot; I thought this was a good thing though, but for those of you who want to be able to walk out each night and visit different hotels, etc. - you'll have to take a cab or bus. The big mall near the convention center was exactly one mile from this hotel. There really isn't much going on around this hotel, so be prepared for that. Overall, excellent experience. We would definitely stay here again and recommend to others... especially if you are looking for a bit more peace and quiet than you typically receive in Vegas!	
Sep 26 2007 	Just Great	In a word GREATCannot fault Hilton Grand Vacation Club on The Strip. Stayed for 8 nights and was upgraged to a King Studio for the duration of our stay.Studio was EXCELLENT...... cannot fault in any way , even had Bose sound systemYes hotel is on North end of the Strip, but my wife (who does not like walking) did not find the walk up the full lenght of the strip a problem, all though we did get the Deuce bus back.There is abit of building work around the premisess so would suggest requesting a room facing west.Pool area is very clean with excellent bar for food and drinks.All photos shown by other reviewers are a very true likeness of the rooms / facitlities.	
Sep 25 2007 	Very Nice	Stayed here Sept. 13th-15th. 4 ladies from Atlanta shared a 2 bdrm plus suite on the 32flr 2nd tower. Check-In was smooth since it was after midnite when we got there. Paula was absolutely FANTASTIC!!!. I got this deal through a co-worker that has membership. We were not harrassed about buying or anything besides you have to have a certain income(married or single) to qualify according to what I read ,which I didnt qualify or come close(lol). The suite we had did not allow for room service daily (b/c of the plan my co-worker has)so we had to clean our own rooms daily or we probably could have request to have service daily but we were only in the room long enough to shower, change and sleep. We had a great view of the Stratosphere and Sahara and even slight veiw of the now famous Palace Staion. This property is also in the process of adding 2 more towetrs.So in short, for what we paid for 3 nites, It was well worth it and would love to stay here again..ThxKendr390	
Sep 20 2007	It's all it's cracked up to be	First of all, I can't comment on the value of staying here because I didn't really pay for it. At least not full price. My mother owns a timeshare and let us use a week of her time in exchange for paying the service charge of $200.And $200 for a week at this resort was an obscene bargain.Secondly, don't pay any attention to people who complain about things that should have been patently obvious to anyone who did five minutes of research before they came. Yes, it's a little far from the action. No, it doesn't have a casino or sit-down restaurant. So what? Las Vegas has hundreds of restaurants and casinos just a short drive away. If those things were all that important to you, why did you pick this hotel in the first place?Speaking of driving, it's also true you'll need a car to get anywhere. But the fact is, Vegas is so spread out you'd need a car to fully appreciate it no matter where you stayed.The room itself was wonderful. It was clean when we arrived and clean again after housekeeping arrived in mid-week. I would have preferred it be cleaned every day but, again, I knew the drill when I made my reservations.I especially loved the jet tub in our room and spent hours reclining in it -- sometimes alone and sometimes not.I found the staff to be more than responsive to my every question or concern. Then again, being the sort who'd rather roll his luggage a few feet to the elevator or walk out the back door to the parking lot for his own car rather than always slipping someone $5 to do it for me, I didn't ask for much. I did ask the concierge for information several times, though, and found them almost disturbingly efficient.The pool was clean and attractive. It may have been crowded in the afternoons, but we always went in the evening, just before going to bed, and pretty much had the whole place to ourselves -- even over Labor Day weekend.In sum, if you're looking for an all-inclusive resort that has everything you could ever want under one roof -- including gambling, five-star restaurants and glitzy shows -- this isn't the place for you. But if you're looking for a nice, comfortable, well-maintained base of operations from which you can sample all that Vegas has to offer (if you have a car), you could do a lot worse.	
Sep 20 2007	horrible check-in management from hell	booked 3 rooms through a discounter, prepaid and had a voucher in my hand.upon arrival only 1 room was available, the other two were not acknowledged by the hotel as paid for - we were offered the room at exorbitant &quot;rack rates&quot;. Having two sets of grandparents (aged up to 76) with us we had no choice but sign on the dotted line obliging us to pay for something which we already paid for.Meanwhile, I made several frantic calls to the voucher issuer - no courtesy phone was offered at the check-in desk, I used the pay phone. The agent seemed bewilidered and agreed to fax the origingal request with proof of payment to the hotel.The indifferent clerk told us that the fax arrived and to see the manager the following morning.The next day, the previous-day clerk had a day off, a different manager insisted that we only prepaid for one room and that she didn't know where the copy of the fax was. in short: we spent over 4 hours total arguing with the management, looking for people in charge, and explaining to ever-changing crew what happened.In the end (on the third day), finally someone admitted that all three rooms were prepaid and credited 1489 dollars back into our guest balance acount.That very frustrating experience overshadowed the entire Las Vegas stay - the hotel itself wasn't so bad, but all I can recall from it was the check-in counter at which we wasted so many hours trying to fix the problem. Nice building, nice rooms, but who cares about the hardware when the software isn't working?	
Sep 19 2007 	I'll be back- staff was great few problems	I will come back to this HGV on the strip. Yes, it is on the far north end of the strip. The closest casino is the Sahara, followed by Riviera. If you have a car, this isn't a problem. I appreciated the fact that the room had a kitchen, washer and dryer, which gave us the opportunity to save some money. The Fitness center is free- unlike the hotels that charge you 20.00 a day to use the equipment.Room(s) had a few problems, but staff didn't make it more of a problem by giving me a hard time. Room 21606 smelled like someone cooked fish in the microwave. I couldn't even get the smell out by using an old standby- microwave popcorn. The ionizer that the hotel left in the room couldn't clear it out, either. We left the ionizer running on a timer when we went out to see Love over at the Mirage. When the room still reeked, there was no other choice than to switch rooms. When the bellhop came to help us with the switch, even his eyes were watering from the smell.They switched us to room 22919. The maids had cleaned the room but I wouldn't exactly say they were thorough. I found moldy glassware that some previous guest had put, in all places, the laundry dryer (?). I'm glad I checked that before running a load. Broken glass and melted plastic cups is not something I would want gracing my clothes. I also found clothing in a drawer from a previous guest. Everything else had been taken care of.Other than that, I really liked using this place. I've stayed at other places on/near the strip- Bally's, Venetian, Excalibur and the Rio during my previous treks. All have met my needs for each trip, but I liked this place for this trip. I don't want to buy a timeshare, though.	
Sep 16 2007 	Loved our vacation at HGVC on the Las Vegas Strip	We just returned from a weeks stay at HGVC on the Las Vegas Strip. We booked through RCI, and we are so glad we choose this place. We had a two bedroom suite. It was absolutely beautiful. Very comfortable beds, nice living room area, and a full kitchen with everything you need to fix a meal or just a snack. We rented a car, so we went to a grocery store that wasn't too far away. It was on the corner of Sahara Ave. and Maryland parkway. We usually made breakfast and lunch in our room and ate out for dinner. Every staff member that we encountered was very friendly and extremely helpful. The toilet wouldn't flush in one of our bathrooms, we notified maintnence and it was fixed immediately. That evening we had robes on our bed, a box of chocolates and two bottles of water. The pool was very nice, the waves bar was a little pricey on drinks and sandwiches. We usually brought our own drinks down in plastic mugs. The excersice room was very crowded early morning, but was less busy by mid morning. I had a massage at the spa. I would highly reccomend it. Ask for Susie. It was much needed after all the walking we did throughout the week. If you have a car, the location of this hotel is not a problem. If you don't, it is a bit of a challenge getting down to where all the action is. I liked the fact that we were in a more quiet area. And speaking of quiet, the rooms were VERY quiet. We went to bed at night and never heard a sound from the hallway or next room. We would definitely come back.	
Sep 11 2007 	Great for kids not too convenient though	I was attending a tradeshow at the Convention Center with my husband and toddler so I was looking for a nearby suite hotel. We were very impressed with the HGVC on the Strip because it was very clean, modern, had no casino, had a pool, and a place to get breakfast in the morning. I wasn't interested in having a casino in the hotel because we don't gamble but mainly because the hotels that do have casinos force you to walk through them, which stinks up your clothes because smoking is allowed in most.It was a pretty good deal at an average of $200/night, especially for a suite.Our one bedroom suite was really nicely sized, with an open kitchen. I appreciated the washer/dryer and dishwasher in the kitchen. The bedroom had a jacuzzi tub (all suites in Tower 1 do, said our bellman) which I thought was a little weird but nice to have (though I didn't take advantage of it).The 24 hour market is very overpriced on grocery items- a box of cereal was close to $7, a tube of hand cream was almost $4. However, the coffee bar was decently priced- $2.50 for a large Starbucks coffee.There was limited room service but no restaurant. Even a diner would have been appreciated.As I mentioned, I was attending a tradeshow at the Convention Center which is about a mile away so I took a cab each morning- with tip, it worked out to about $9 each way. The monorail is NOT convenient to the HGVC. We thought it was weird we couldn't call the valet desk for our car and we didn't care for having to wait in the 100 degree weather for our car.Customer service was very good. The first room they brought us to smelled of smoke, even though it was supposed to be non-smoking (not uncommon because not even smokers seem to like a smoking room!). We asked them to move us to a non-smelly room and they did immediately. We had packages waiting for us at the belldesk but there was some confusion about what they looked like. They found them within 20 minutes and brought them up to our room. We had a few problems operating our tv and each time I called for help, the engineer showed up immediately. Same with Housekeeping when I called to ask them to clean up a broken glass.Because of its very north Strip location and distance from the action, we could have been staying off the strip because we always had to use our car and the monorail wasn't really an option. I wish there were things to do within walking distance and in the future, I might consider staying off the strip if the hotel was as nice and less expensive.For a family friendly place, I would have expected more stuff for kids. For example, my husband took our daughter to the pool area once and said it was nice but wished there was a pool that was better for toddlers and babies. Overall, I would definitely stay at this property again and recommend it to anyone, as long as they keep it clean and modern.	
Sep 6 2007 	Family Hotel. Lovely Rooms.	We stayed at the Hilton for a week, and all the rooms have a small kitchenette - almost a like a studio apartment which was awesome. There is a 24 hour cafe / store in the hotel so you can always have somethingI loved the fact that it was 1) on the strip, yet not in the heart of the commotion (as are the TI, Venetian, MIrage etc)2) No casino in the hotel so not much traffic, noise or people! 3) Across the street from the Sahara Hotel which is the closest monorail stop4) Great family feel to the hotel with pool / spa / smallish gym and friendly serviceI didn't like1) If you are in Vegas for the convention - you are inthe WRONG Hilton... for the convention center you want to be at the HIlton @ the Flamingo2) The concierge didnt have access to all info; which in Vegas where everything changes so fast would have been goodOther info1) From the airport take a US$ 6 shuttle; or a US$ 22 cab ride one way. 2) Its a 5 minute walk to Circus Circus and the another 10 minutes to the heart of the strip (I use the Ceasers Palace as the center point)3) I paid US$ 116 per night for my stay	
Sep 4 2007	Fantastic Visit	This was an awesome hotel to stay in during our stay in Vegas. Not having machines in the lobby was such a nice thing at the end of the evening and first thing in the morning. The staff were so nice, we felt like family before we had left. The parking staff, the desk staff,and housekeeping were so very kind and helpful. We will defintely be choosing this hotel again for our future stays. The pool was very nice along with the Wave bar.	
Sep 4 2007 	OK But Next Time I Would Stay Elsewhere	My wife, two kids and I stayed here 8/5/07 – 8/7/07. We stayed here as part of a time share preview with the Hilton. I struggled with what rating to give this hotel/resort and went back and forth between a 3 and 4 rating. Please read the details to see if the negative items matter as much to you. Keep in mind, this is a timeshare property and they are still building on the grounds (though this did not interfere with our stay). LOCATION: The Hilton Grand Vacation Club is located “on the strip” which basically means it is on Las Vegas Blvd. It is at the north end of the strip. As far as a prime strip location, this is not located in what is considered the best spot (depending on what you are looking for). You will not be able to walk to anything, unless you want a long walk. Strip hotels do tend to be set back from the street; however you are generally able to walk around to other hotels or attractions. Some hotels even have access to the monorail, but the Hilton is not connected to this. At the Hilton, you will need a rental car to go anywhere. There is a double decker bus that some reviewers have talked about riding. Every time we saw the bus is was packed wall to wall with people. Thankfully we drove in from Los Angeles and had our own car so we did not have to experience this first hand.AMMENITIES: This is a new resort, so everything is new. They had a nice looking large pool area. There was a bar that sells overpriced grill food, though this appears to be an afterthought since there were no signs and we had to go to the bar and ask for a menu. If I was going to spend the day lounging at the pool I probably would have eaten here without grumbling about the price. We decided to go elsewhere.There is a workout room that looks state of the art. There is also a convenience store that sells a variety of items, however they appeared a bit overpriced (more than I would expect). They were open late which was nice considering there is nowhere to eat at the hotel after the pool bar closes in the afternoon.Their lobby is not really a lobby. It is more of a small pathway around an area that opens to a lower floor. The check in desk is squeezed in on one side and the concierge desk on the other. There is no casino or slot machines on the grounds. This may be an issue for some people. I did enjoy not having to trudge through a casino to get to my room.There is no room service here, which is a negative for me. It does appear that all rooms have at least a kitchenette (we had a full kitchen) so you will have the capability to make your own meal if you did not want to go out.SERVICE/STAFF: My frustrations began upon arrival. We pulled up to a major traffic jam at the entrance. After sitting in the car for 20 minutes I got out in search of a valet, manager or anyone with the hotel. I could see cars just sitting there without people in them. Other people around me appeared equally frustrated. I finally tracked down a bell person. He told me it would be 10 minutes or so before someone could help me with my bags or car.While I thought this was a one-time occurrence, it was not. It seemed day or night the valet was slow or backed up. Even late at night when traffic was light, we pulled in to find no one staffing the valet desk and hotel guests looking around with a confused look trying to find someone. Making matters worse, we could not call the valet to bring our car up. This had to be done in person meaning a wait each time.They plan to add two more towers, doubling the size of this resort. They have to address this problem or it will get even worse. Parking is limited and the one time we tried to park on our own we found the lot was completely full. They are in the process of building a new parking structure.We had limited interaction with anyone else at the hotel. The front desk staff seemed polite but not too overfriendly. We went to use the concierge desk once and found there was a significant wait and decided to skip seeking their advice.The timeshare salespeople were of course over the top nice, but they are salespeople so of course they would be. One thing that was annoying, they called the room at 9:30am to “remind” us that we had a timeshare presentation scheduled for 1:30pm that day. This woke all of us up. Vegas is a place you stay up late and sleep late so I am surprised they called this early. You may want to have the hotel desk put your phone on do not disturb if you are staying here.ROOM: We had a one bedroom suite with a kitchen. We were put in a handicapped room (not our request) which was odd. While I can deal with wider doorways and grab bars there were other things that were annoying. The countertops were all lower, at 6’2” it is too short for me. The doors had giant extension handles on them that stuck out about 10” from the door on each side (they hurt if/when you bump into them). These handles also disable locking the bathroom doors. Instead of a standard doorbell, the room had an ear piercing alarm that thoroughly scared my kids when I tried it.The room had not been cleaned too well. There were smudge marks all over the fridge and the stove needed a good cleaning as well. Besides this, the appliances all looked new but I would hate to see what they look like in another year.The décor was odd. I think whoever decorated this was colorblind. There were browns, reds, blues and greens. Nothing really matched though everything looked new and did not look cheap. The kitchen was great in that it had everything we needed to cook a full meal. Everything was full size. The pullout sofa was very poor quality; thankfully my kids (5 and 7) are not too heavy that it made a difference to them. For an adult, it may be a problem. The bathroom lacked any sort of counter space. For a room that was intended for 4 people, this is a problem. The master bedroom was fine; the bed was more than comfortable with down-like pillows.I also found that the price of in-room phone calls was seriously overpriced. Local calls cost $1 a minute and state to state were even higher. This is higher than most hotels; then again other items at the hotel seemed to be priced higher than average. If I was one of the “owners” of a timeshare here, I would have serious problems with the prices they are charging.There is wired and wireless internet access available. I used the wireless. The signal was strong and the speeds were always good. At over 2mbps, they were higher than I generally find at hotels.NOISE: This is my biggest complaint and deserves its own heading. We were on the front side of the resort in tower 2 facing northbound with a view of the strip. We were on the 21st floor. From our room we could hear the construction noise from the parking structure they are building. There are also plans to build two more towers on this resort and another company has plans for a large resort on all sides of the Hilton. So, construction noise may be an issue for years to come.We were awakened one morning by a wonderful symphony of our neighbors having “relations.” My wife and I cheered them on and then applauded at the fantastic finish. Really, the nightstands in our room were shaking. It is interesting because I saw other reviewers mention this happening to them here. Funny, I travel a lot and only experienced this is at the cheaper motels.Noise from the hallway was an issue. We could hear people coming and going even in the master bedroom with our door closed. Again, having stayed in many hotels, this is not something I am used to. Let me just say, I expect noise, however the noise level here was surprising. I seriously question how much thought was put in to soundproofing. OVERALL: For a first time visitor to Las Vegas, I would not recommend staying here. You should stay at a hotel in the middle of the strip, more close to the action. If you have been to Vegas, and know what it is all about, this may be a good option if you wanted something more out of the way. Personally, I would rather stay at the Embassy Suites off the strip than stay here again. It is cheaper, just as spacious and aside from the kitchen it has everything the Hilton had and more. TIMESHARE: I have had people ask about the timeshare aspect of this hotel. If you are staying here as part of a timeshare preview, this will pertain to you.Being that this is the Hilton, you will not find the salespeople obnoxious by any means. We had to take the tour as part of this package and we held up our end of the bargain, spending about 2 hours hearing their sales presentation.These are professional salespeople, they know how to read people and are prepared to overcome any obstacle you have to buying a timeshare. After seeing we may be a little interested, our salesman brought over his boss “just for a second” because he had the pricing. His boss ended up taking over the presentation while the salesman kept our kids entertained at another table.We decided that it was not a great value so the presentation ended, but not before the Sales Director came over to take a survey about how the salesman was (i.e. was he professional, etc.). All this ended up being was another chance for them to loop us in, we were offered a chance to buy a preview of their Orlando or Hawaii resort without committing to buying the actual timeshare. I checked out this offer, but it had a lot of fine print and did not seem like a good value at all. So we declined and left. Was the hassle of sitting through this worth the deal I got to stay at the hotel? For us it was well worth it, though we had to drive to the original Hilton resort off the strip to get our $40 in chips and use the $25 dining certificate (which we used at Benihana’s). In the end, this was basically a free stay here for two nights which was a great value.	
Sep 3 2007 	Excellent Non-Casino	This is a timeshare property that my fiance and I were asked to go visit. We got a great deal for just sitting through the 2 hour presentation. Hotel is very clean. The rooms were amazing. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite. You have your choice of Building 1 or Building 2. One building has a plasma tv, the other has a whirlpool tub. We chose the tub.The pool was very nice, although a little crowded. The bar next to the pool was reasonably priced, with nice bartenders. The only downside is the location. You're right next door to Circus Circus which is a little run down and across the street and down a little from the Sahara.All in all, great experience and would definitely recommend the property.	
Aug 28 2007 	Good Stay at Hilton Despite Negative Feelings	This is a great resort in Vegas. I always love sharing my thoughts on Trip Advisor but I also realize that this is kind of more of a hotel sight than a &quot;resort&quot; or &quot;timeshare&quot; review sight ... but in travel these days .. they cross over .. so I'm sharing this review as a review of a hotel but recognize that I stayed there in a &quot;resort/timeshare context,&quot; This is a great place to stay. The room was beautiful. It was beautifully appointed ... sort of odd really, nothing matched and yet everything went together. The bed was so comfortable. It was just a great place for a weekend. I don't really know how this place is marketed as far as a hotel ... it really is a timeshare resort. Honestly, I don't think I would buy there .. but this site is more directed toward hotel stays so that's what i'm going to review it as. As far as a place to stay for a couple days it is absolutely wonderful. The room is beautiful, comfortable and there is almost everything you need for a few days. There is a great Marketplace which pretty much has everything you need - coffee, food, dinner, etc. albeit at a high price but if you are there for a couple days .. who cares and if you stay for a week you will probably go to the market. The pool ... Hmmmm. Nice, but it depends on what you are looking for. If you are a sun chaser like me you will have to either just have some patience or move your lounger around. There are too many palm trees so if you want sun all day you will have to keep moving. If you don't care about that then the pool is great. When I was there a child had an unfortunate incident in the pool with diarreha so the whole thing had to be shut down ... not too nice. Again, this is not really a hotel as much as a time share but I know it is available as a hotel and I would not detract from it in that regard. The rooms are beautiful and if you want a place that has almost everything it is great. The Marketplace offers everything from fruit to pizza to Starbucks to beer and you can really stay there for days without need. Some people discern because there is no casino -- but I believe this issue is not well placed. Vegas is changing. The Strip has gone from wild to family to -- now &quot;resort.&quot; This resort does not have a casino and it's not in the center of the Strip, but it is very close to Sahara - which has a Monorail connection and that can get you to wherever you need to go including gambling and restaraunts. It will cost you but this resort can provide whatever you need. Honestly, my only complaint is that there is not a lounge. Granted there is beer and wine etc. in the Marketplace and you can prepare whatever you want in your room ... but if you come in late at night and just would like to have a drink without having to buy stuff for your room ,,, there is really no option. I think they should open a little piano bar lounge where late nighter's could get a night cap.	
Aug 27 2007 	a very nice property - location is a bit remote	We own a timeshare in this property and always enjoy staying there. The location is a bit of a problem since you have to taxi everywhere, but it's not too far and there are always taxis available. It's a great place to stay with children since there is no casino and it is calm. The pool is also very family-friendly since there are a lot of children in the hotel and there isn't a &quot;scene.&quot; I would recommend it for people with kids.	
Aug 26 2007	Love this property	I have stayed in this property twice. The first time as a a romantic getaway and the second to take my grandmother to vegas. I stayed both times in the one-bed room suite. It had a full kitchen, beautiful bathroom, and hot-tub. The first time I stayed there the mattress were the biggest draw back. They were super-firm and uncomfortable. I spoke to the staff and they attempted to accomidate me with blankets and and extra comforter in order to make the mattress softer. A valient attempt.The second time though this was no longer an issue. Soft mattresses! Yeah! The location is great it is on the north side of the strip but easily accesible to the rest of the hotels via the back lanes behind the hotels. I did not feel at all slighted by not being further up on the strip. The price was incredible. Both times the price of the room was in the 150 range which easily could have been more further up on the strip.Other great amenities: pool, NICE workout facility, grocery store (mini-mart) with starbucks in basement, and concierge services. The only down fall is that it is a time share property - however being upfront and indicating that you are not interested - no problem!Great stay and will return on any future visits to Vegas.	
Aug 25 2007 	Superb Accommodations	We thoroughly enjoyed our week-long stay at the Hilton on the Strip in Vegas. The facility is fairly new and has been well kept. The bell service was terrific. They were always making sure we were taken care of, and even provided bottled water if we had to wait for a cab or shuttle. I was actually glad this Hilton did not have a casino. The lobby was nice and neat and without cigarette smoke! They do not yet have a restaurant, but we had a full kitchen in our unit and since Hilton offers free wireless internet, we were able to easily order groceries from Albertson's online and they delivered to our door. The Hilton has a small store that is open 24 hours. It is a nice convenience, however, the prices are quite high. The pool atmosphere was also enjoyable. There was plenty of seating and some of the chairs were arranged in areas away from the pool, which was much more relaxing than being right next to the pool. The pool bar offered quality food and drink and friendly service.I liked that the housekeeping service was optional. We could have our room cleaned for a fee or we could just request towels and shampoo. Housekeeping checked with us once during the week to make sure we had what we needed.The location of this Hilton is ideal, as it is about halfway between the old section (Fremont St), and the newer section, yet it is on the new strip. The shuttle from the airport was cheap - $5.95 pp, and we took the double decker bus up and down the strip for $5 per day.The hotel concierge was helpful in connecting us with a rental car through Budget. It was about $45 for the day and we drove to Hoover Dam.The only issue we had involved a garbage can that did not get emptied promptly on our floor outside of the elevators. We called two days in a row because the smell of rotten garbage was so bad. On the third day, it was finally taken care of.I would definitely stay at this Hilton again and would recommend it to others.	
Aug 23 2007 	Wonderful hotel for family	We (family of five - parents, 3 teenagers) stayed at the HGVC for two nights recently. We would loved to have stayed for longer but were on a pre-scheduled trip.The hotel was amazing. Fast and pleasant check-in. Spacious suite with large king bed and sofabed. Plenty of space in king bed for 3!!! Great value for money.The kitchen area was amazing with every convenience for preparing food. The laundry facilities were excellent and most welcome for a travelling family.The walk to the heart of the strip was indeed a bit far but after 'legging' it one night, we took the car on the second night and parked near Macy's (free). A short walk and we were in the heart of the activity.The pool area was spectacular, well maintained and whilst busy, there was no problem with noise or boisterous children. We were in tower 2 with a room that did look down on the building site accross the road. Not a problem as the suite itself was so comfortable with its two plasma tvs, dvd etc, that we did not need to constantly look out the window.We would definitely return to this hotel should we be in LV and definitely recommend it to families in particular.Europeans	
Aug 23 2007 	Lovely hotel away from the traffic of the strip	We spent 4 nights at the HGVC Aug12-16. We were a little sceptical of the location because it is at the north end of the Las Vegas Strip, however, it really was nice to be away from that at night. We had requested adjoining rooms as there were 3 adults and 3 children in our party, which they did accomodate. The one bedroom suite, king bed has a bathtub which is in the bedroom separate from the bathroom. Each morning between 6-8 am we could hear another room's tub either filling or emptying, which obviously was very disturbing. The full kitchen was a plus. There is a supermarket on Sahara Ave where we bought cases of water and breakfast food for the suite. The market in the hotel is well stocked and not terribly overpriced. The pool was beautiful and there were always chairs available when we arrived even at 11am. There is a grill restaurant at the pool along with a bar. The staff there, and in the marketplace were always friendly. Self parking in the evening was never a problem. There is a secondary lot next to the valet parking lot which was always available and very close to the side entrance of the resort.	
Aug 11 2007 	A Grand Experience	I did not get to indulge in half of this hotels amenities during my stay, but the suite was immaculate and the service was extraordinary. I was planning a New Year's trip to Vegas, but because it's already booked, I'll plan my trip when the hotel has suites available. When ever I come back to Vegas HGV is where I'll be staying.	
Aug 9 2007 	A Great Group Outing Place	Friends and I stayed here for a bachelor party for 3 nights - all of us are over 25 so the primary purpose was a big enough place for all of us to crash in between golf, casinos, dinner, etc.Very clean, it is far from the Strip but as others have said it is quiet which makes it a godsend.Do hit the pool, the gym, the newly renovated game room, all I saw were staff running all over cleaning, sweeping, etc.I would stay here again, but it's only for a group or family, couples would be bored.	
Aug 6 2007 	Great room - easy access - very comfortable suite	I travel to Las Vegas twice a month for business. I'm tired having to walk through the Casino to my room. This was perfect. Great location ( long walk to other casinos) easy access to parking and freeway. The room was perfect. Large one bedroom with a FULL kitchen including dishwasher and laundry. There is no restaurant but the Market place is perfect for picking up a quick bite or groceries to make in your room. The pool has a bar and grill perfect for the after work meal. Has the best gym I have seen in ANY hotel. also has a game room with couches and large screen TV. The pool was not too crowded and had at least 4 lifeguards. great spot for singles, couples, and family's. Its my new home away from home.If you want GLAM and service stick to the &quot;fancy&quot; hotels.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great Hotel 	Great Hotel &amp; Best for Non GamblerThis was the first time we visited Las Vegas for fun. We chose H.G. V. Club because of the excellent reviews on this forum.Hilton Grand Vacation Club on the Strip was a great! hotel. There is no noisy Casino onsite, which we loved the most. If we needed some action we went to “Las Vegas Strip” to play and come back our quiet hotel room to sleep. Using the bus was the best way to get around Las Vegas. The bus stop was in front of the Hilton and it was just $5 for an all day (24hrs) pass. Nice clean room with a small kitchen and a comfortable bed. We didn’t cook anything while we were staying but it was equipped with Microwave &amp; Toaster in the room, which was very convenient for us to make breakfast every morning.The pool area was very crowd in the afternoon but we could still find a lounge chair or two. There is a small market in the basement; you could get basic foods &amp; supplies from there including Beer/Wine. I understand some people said it was over $8 for a submarine sandwich at the small market downstairs is too pricy, because you could get a nice big juicy hamburger at the Mall Restaurant with service for less.There was one negative aspect; once you checked-out, the Bell-desk could keep our luggage in the storage room until you leave the hotel but there was no courtesy room for late flight guests at the Hilton G. Vac. Club. So you would have to use the Toilet to change if you could not get late check-out.I could give the Hilton G. Vac Club at least B+ grade. If Hilton has a courtesy room for late flight guests, I would give a straight A for them. Excellent staffs &amp; great location.I will recommend this hotel for anyone.	
Aug 3 2007 	poor location/serviced	We just returned from a stay in Las Vegas. We stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club in a 2 bedroom suite complete with kitchen and master bath. The rooms were very nice but the location is at the far end of the old Las Vegas Strip. There was no security outside the hotel so you could not walk to nearby Casinos, there were drunks out on the street and poor lighting and at least 2 blocks to next casino. This is a huge hotel but it has no restaurants or gambling. There were no transportation except cab to other hotels where you could get meals. This hotel would be good for a family if only they has 2 bed rooms. Rooms are only available with one king bed so if you have kids too bad. Also they are doing construction next to the hotel that starts at 6 am. I asked for a room facing away from construction	
Jul 31 2007 	Great hotel	Simply excellent. The person before me was correct. The bell persons were not helpful when I arrived, they just watched me carry my bags in. No problem and no tip. They were 10 times better when I left and yes the were tipped. We arrived in th middle of the week and started off with an upgrade to a 2 bed room suite. The kitchen and everything was clean, very happy. You must ask for the pool view in tower one. Tower 2 only has 2 views the strip, how many times can you look at neon lights over 5 days? The second view was of ongoing construction of new parking and hotels. The pool was excellent and friendly service. It's a real family atmosphere. Nice slow and easy. No wild girls like the other fast pace gambling hotels. You must rent a car period. If not, It will be like you are in the walkathon. It may be 2 or 3 blocks to get some other foods or see hotels , but these are long hot July Vegas blocks. The Double Duce bus was always packed and it looked very hot. Not a pleasant sight in July. The freedom of jumping in your rental was great. I was able to run up to any other hotel anytime I wanted to see the other sights and restaurants. The massages like everyhing were expensive, I picked the free work out room and pool. No real restaurant on site. They have a place called the market &quot; very clean and nice&quot;. Since you have a refirerator and micorwave,stove etc.. You can buy milk,cereal, sandwiches and other fun foods. Think of a high class 7-11 store with the food precooked under a light. If you really need hot cooked food go outside to the pool hostess. They have a short order cook for fast items such as hot dogs,hamburgers. Try the eggs and bacon in the a.m. with the fruit. Again a very limited menu and only if you are at the pool area. My special tip for anyone, you must get a rental car. We drove down to the Hoover Dam only 50 minutes. The hotel desk will give you the directions. We drove out to Red Rock park to see the wonderful mountain view you will see from you hotel room in tower one &quot;&quot; pool side '''. 45 minutes. After spending a lot of money on the strip for subway and other common names. It was much cheaper off the strip to feed your family. Ride up Sahara Ave down from the hotel in the day time to get a feeling of the area then use the map from the rent a car company to map out locations. Enjoy your trip to VEGAS........	
Jul 23 2007 	King Studio OK Valet Needs Work	At the last minute, my husband and I decided to head to Vegas for the weekend for our anniversary. Rooms at the big hotels were over $400 per night since it was the weekend and last minute. We decided to go with the King Studio for $149 at the Hilton Grand. Since reviews were great, decided to give it a try.Well, I guess I'm writing this from the point of view of the King Studio. The other reviews seem to be on the suites or condos. Our room had typical Hilton amenities but nothing above and beyond for Vegas. When we got to the hotel, it was about 1 am and we had rented a car from Hertz (hint... to avoid long lines, sign up for express membership). Pulling up, the valet saw us but never came to service us. I went inside to check in and 10 minutes later, my husband finally came in after getting someone to park the car. The gentleman at the front desk was friendly enough. We had called ahead to have a crib set up in our room and when we checked in, he confirmed the crib was in the room. We got our King Studio room and when we opened the door, no crib and no washcloths. Our room view was supposed to be of the strip but all I saw was construction across the street (room 11009). The TV was an older 27&quot; but the mini-kitchenette was a nice addition. The floors and counters were nice and modern in the bathroom, typical Hilton touch. But everything else was basic for Vegas.For the room, we were just satisfied. Nothing stood out or had a &quot;wow&quot; factor. The disappointing part of the Hilton Grand was the valet service. After our initial experience upon arrival, we should've knew to just self park. The next day when we got up, we tried to call ahead to have our car ready. It was extremely hot and it would have been nice to have the car on with the AC going. Nobody ever answered the phone. We get downstairs and it takes over 20 minutes to get our car. That is the longest I've ever had to wait and there wasn't a huge crowd to blame it on. While we were waiting we talked to one of the guys and found out they're not supposed to accept call aheads but they sometimes do. I guess if they answer the phone... Anyway, the next day was even worse. We happened to get our car around check-out time. Wow. Talk about a back-up. It took almost an HOUR to get our car!! People were standing outside all over the place. I even heard one of the bellboys complain about it taking over an hour to get someone's car whose bags he'd been holding. They really need to learn how to prepare for busy times like that. It would've been much quicker and simpler to self-park. At MGM, parking gets hectic due to the large crowds but they have an organized system and staff that works it all out. The Hilton was highly disappointing.The positives I experienced were the Marketplace for sandwiches; Fitness room was well-equipped; and the pool area (5-6 pools)	
Jul 15 2007 	Luxurious!	We stayed at tower 2, on the 20th floor with the strasphere view.It was so pretty at night and in the early morning sunrise time.Then units had huge windows and no other buildings werenear so you can open up curtains and have the whole view to yourself. There was this huge empty lot that was about to begin the constructionn so beware.Marketplace on the ground floor was pretty neat with star bucks.You can get decent snacks from there.The resort itself was great but it's not so conveniently located when you don't have a car. They have a monorail stop at the Sahara's across the street but it's not a good walking distance. It's about 5-10min walk and that's a killer during the day in the summer.The kitchen was very modern and it was the best!Beddings were great with extra puffy pillows and sheets smell nice &amp; clean!Oh, keep in mind that tower 2 has no jacuzzi tubs but it had a tub in the master-room.	
Jul 11 2007 	Gotta Go Relax and Have Fun!!!!	GOTTA GO. WE HAD A GREAT STAY @ THE HILTON.nice resort.This was a TIMESHARE exchange. Home Base is @ the GRANDVIEW LAS VEGAS.nice to be close to the CASINOS and Midway Game room @ the Circus Circus.The Strastrosphere was also a great stay, c-in on 7.5.07 to 77.07, used both Hilton and Strastrosphere.Hilton had the kitchen, washer-dryer, and flat screen t.v.'s.The heat was bad during our stay- OUTSIDE now!!! Insidehad a great A.C. system.HOT water from the shower was good.The children enjoyed the LARGE pool like tubWe liked our stay. if you have a chance to stay, jus' GO and STAY and enjoy.ALOHA :) :) God Bless	
Jul 7 2007 	Found an Oasis in Las Vegas	A cab-driver told me that nowadays gambling is only rated fourth regarding profits made in Las Vegas, after hotels, shopping and dining. I have no idea if this is accurate but Las Vegas is worth a breakaway, even if you're only a casual gambler like myself.Reception was very friendly and efficient and got me into my room minutes after I had arrived after a long transatlantic flight, even though the official check-in time was two hours later. I had booked a one-bedroom suite and was very pleasantly surprised, especially by the kitchen which was better equipped than mine at home! It included a stove, oven, coffee-maker with complimentary Starbucks coffee, fridge, micro-wave, dishwasher, washing-machine and dryer and all the plates, cutlery and utensils you could ever need. Although we never cooked, it was very pleasant to be able to use the plates and glasses for snacks, brew a cup of coffee in the morning and have a huge refrigerator to store our drinks.The rest of the apartment was equally well equipped, with a huge LCD TV in the living room, DVD player, iron and board, in-room-safe, second TV in the bed-room, free and fast WLAN, large king-sized bed and a huge jacuzzi tub. The interior wasn't really of cutting edge design or extremely luxurious but pleasant enough. Also very practical is that the hotel maintains a 24h mini-market on the first floor where you can purchase cold drinks, snacks, ice-cream, Starbucks coffee, freshly made sandwiches and pizza etc.The Hilton is located at the very beginning of the strip and it's quite a walk to the fancier casinos but for my needs, the location was perfect. There's a 7-Eleven and Wal Mart in walking distance and also a Denny's restaurant which may not be a big deal for Americans but is an absolute treat for us Europeans.For a quick bout of gambling, there are three casinos very close by and frankly, to me they all look more or less the same from the inside and you'll lose your money just as quickly in any of them. But of course, the spectacular casinos located in the middle and the end of the strip must be visited as well, a cab ride costs about $10 + tip from the Hilton or one can take a bus which stops close to the hotel entrance. We usually walked in the evenings when it was a bit cooler and took the cab during the day. I've been to Las Vegas quite a few times and until now always stayed in mid-priced casino hotels like the Monaco or Aladin. For a similar price, the rooms at the Hilton are vastly more pleasant than a typical medium-range casino hotel. So if you don't need the casino atmosphere right next to you 24 hours a day and just want to spend some time shopping in the excellent Fashion mall or see a few shows than the Hilton is most highly recommended.	
Jul 2 2007 	June 22-27 2007 Great Time at the Hilton on the Vegas Strip	We stayed at the Hilton on the Las Vegas Strip from June 22-June 27th. I booked the resevations on line and took adantage of the Time Share Discount. So, for 6 days and 5 nights,it cost me $500.00. Of course, we had to sit through the time share orientation, which is high pressure and lasted 2.5 hours. But it was worth it. In addition to the discount on the room, we received a $100 gift certificate to use for entertainment. The Hilton on the Las Vegas Strip is wonderful. It is clean and well maintained. The Staff is friendly and always say hello, . We arrived on a Friday and our room was ready and clean. The Bed is comfortable and the room had a refrigerator and microwave and A DVD Player..The pool area was great, they offer drinks and food at poolside or you can eat at the small restaurant by the pool. The deli is well stocked and is priced at hotel rates. I did not find the prices to be totally high. We rented a car and found you could either valet park for $6 or self park behind the hotel for free. All of the hotels have free parking.The Hilton is on the far end of the strip and does not have gambling within it. The Sahara is down the street and within walking distance if you need to gamble.Over all, it was a nice quiet hotel and we enjoyed our stay.While we were in Vegas, we saw the David Coppefield show.I would strongly suggest that you save your money and see something else. The show was an hour and a half. During that time, Copperfield performed for about 45 minutes. The remaining time was watching Videos of himself and all of the awards that he received. Save your money and see somethingelse. It was not worth the $100.00 ticket price.	
Jun 25 2007	It's ok	Great place, good locations, rooms nice… Room wasn’t clean as it should be, found hairs in the bathroom, jacuzzi and questionable stains on the couch. Valet staff was terrible, upon arrival, I came to valet desk, 4 attendants were chatting between each other, I had to wait until they’re finish… would expect it from Travelodge but not Hilton. Good value at $129 we got upgraded to one bedroom suite, with king bed, jacuzzi, separate living room with full kitchen. The bad didn’t have feather duvet as other hilton’s have and bed was not too comfortable either	
Jun 25 2007	Beautiful hotel	We just returned from a great stay at this Hilton. The hotel is fabulous. Everyone was very friendly and helpful Our suite was beautiful We stayed in Tower 2. Our suite had a full kitchen with all utensils, dishes, toaster, oven and refrigerator. It had everything that we wanted. The suite was very clean and comfortable. The pool area was very nice. There was a pool bar. There was also plenty of shade and privacy at the pool. We also liked the little deli and convenience store right next to the pool. We found a grocery store about a mile away which was convenient. The valet parking was great. It was well worth the $6.00 per day. The only down side to the hotel was that it is a bit far from the center of the big casinos. This was not a problem for us since we had a rental car and all of the casinos offered free parking. Also the monorail stops near the hotel. We enjoyed our stay and also visited Red Rock State Park. It was a beautiful 13 mile driving tour. I would definately return to this hotel.	
Jun 25 2007 	quiet clean great for family	A beautiful quiet roomy place to stay (4 nights Mon-Fri). The room is just beautiful and it was great having a full kitchen. My son loved the surround sound from the TV! The staff was extremely helpful, especially valet. The pull-out bed really needs an extra foam cushion, not as comfortable as I would have liked for teens, especially from Hilton. I felt bad for the kids, but they were understanding. The website said there are no two bedroom suites, so I am confused with other reviews. I unplugged the phones to not be awoken out of a dead sleep based on other reviewers, we also requested late check-out.  We didn’t use the pool, but it looks nice, spacious, and was not crowded at all during our stay. I would definately recommend this hotel to others. The Monorail $8/24hr was a lifesaver, located behind Sahara with no waiting, few stops, and air conditioned. It comes every 7 minutes. This is the first vacation we did not rent a car and it worked out great. No problems obtaining taxis when needed. The grocery store IS a walk, especially in the heat. The price of water and soda was a sticker shock to me in this town. The Circle K (behind souvenir shop/across Sahara) had the best local water/soda prices. I was extremely impressed with how well stocked the grocery downstairs was, but it would have been nice to pay $1 for a bottle of water instead of $1.85 ($2.99 elsewhere), tap water not so good. Suggest see the Venetian, go to the Excalibur with kids, and of course the Stratosphere if your kids like scary rides. Make sure you have good walking shoes.	
Jun 24 2007 	Nice and Relaxing Resort	We got back a week ago from this great facility.We stocked the kitchen and got setted on the first night.The kitchen had everything we needed. We had breakfast in the room and then usually took lunch down to the pool.We spent a lot of time at the pool, usually from 8:30 to 4:00. It was great! I liked diving with my 8 year old daugher for diving sticks. Since the pool is 3 1/2 feet deep, all over, we didn't have to worry about where we threw the sticks.My wife loved soaking up the sun.The suite was terrific. We had a two bedroom plus on the top floor of tower one. We brought some of our own DVDs and played them on the Bose surround sound system and wall mounted plazma TV. Very Nice!I was concerned about spending a week in Las Vegas with two girls 8 and 13, but it was terrific. They really enjoyed it too.We kept saying &quot;This Is The Life!&quot; I'm sure we'll be back to this resort.We are owners, so we are starting to plan our next vacation in Hawaii. If the Hilton Grand Vacations Club there is even close to the quality of this one, we'll have a great time.	
Jun 21 2007 	HGVC las vegas strip	My wife and I booked out stay thru RIC. We were told that we would have daily house keeping and we did not. We did not even get a call to see how things are going. The pool was great, food and drinks were pricy at the waves bar, but all and all the 5 days we were there was a much needed vacation.	
Jun 18 2007 	Quiet Oasis from the Vegas Glitz	We stayed at the Hilton Grand over New Years...possibly the rowdiest time of year in Vegas. The strip is shut down to traffic and there's partying on the street all night long. But it was absolutely fabulousstaying at the Hilton Grand because, at the end of the day, you come back to a nice quiet place to lay your head down. It's not your typical Vegas-style over-the-top hotel...There's no &quot;theme&quot; and, moreimportantly, there's no enormous, noisy, smokey casino to walk through to get to your room. We stayed at the MGM Grand before and it was so annoying to have to snake through the casino for 20 minutesbefore getting to your room. Don't get me wrong...we like to party, have fun and do a little gambling like everyone else, but we like wandering around to different places to check out the scene, so the fact that the hotel we were staying in didn't have a casino didn't bother us at all, in fact, we viewed it as a plus. It was easy to getin and out and parking was never an issue. Oh and yes, this hotel is at the north end of the strip (between Stratosphere and Circus Circus) and it'll take you forever to walk anywhere, but I think the same is true anywhere you stay! All the hotels are so enormous that, even if they're &quot;side-by-side&quot;, it'll still take you 1/2 hour to walkfrom one to another. Let's face it, Vegas is not a walking kind of town. Everyone rents a car, that's why they're building the largest airport car rental terminal in the world there. So don't worry about how far away you are from the center of the strip, just rent a car, enjoy, and cruise the strip! As for the hotel rooms themselves...awesome! We had our 1 year old baby with us and it was great having a separate bedroom to ourselves where we could soak in the hot tub, watch tv etc. while she slept in the other room. The kitchen was handy to have and all the amenities were top notch. It really felt like we were staying in a nice condo rather than a hotel. Highly recommend this place.	
Jun 18 2007 	Great Customer Service	We booked a 2 bedroom suite through RCI and we were very impressed with this resort. It was very clean and the rooms were nice. We had plenty of room for four adults and two children. The staff was excellent. Everyone who worked there went out of their way to help us. It was one of the best timeshare exchanges we have had. The pool area is very nice. The sun does not reach the pools until afternoon so it can be a bit chilly before noon. The hot tubs are great for that morning chill. They have a nice marketplace it you need any food items. There is a grocery store a few miles down Sahara at the corner of Maryland.The location is good. It is not in the middle of the strip, but it is not far from a few older casinos. You can easily walk to Circus Circus or the Sahara. I'd recommend renting a car or other transportation to reach the casinos farther down the strip.One downside: The timeshare presentation was a bit less professional than we expected.	
Jun 14 2007	Great stay at HGVC	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton over Memorial Day weekend. We arrived at the hotel on Saturday morning at 10:00am and although check in is actually at 4pm we were given a room right away. We had a efficiency (small kitchen area included a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker. The room was great, fairly large, well appointed and clean. Bed was very comfortable. The marketplace on the first level was great for everything from snakes to fruit, pizza, eggs. Its open till 10pm.Restaurant food was good for lunch. Pool area was great. The only problem was finding chairs the first day. Eventually we did get chairs but from then on we marked our chairs early. They have cabanas if you want to rent those but they also have a few areas with paddle fans and misters. They went fast and early.Although we didn't take advantage there was a spa and gym.We had a 5pm flight to go home but the hotel let us stay in the room till 12:30 when check out is 10am. We got a good rate for a holiday weekend. I had made reservations at other hotels prior to finding the Hilton and chose this one for the price. We could not have been more pleased.The hotel is a little distance from center strip but the bus stop is right outside hotel and for $5/24 hrs you have unlimited usage.Go to the buffet at the Wynn. A little pricey for dinner but excellent.We went to Danny Gans. He was good but not sure if he's worth $100pp. We got discounted tickets down the street from the hotel for Blue Man Group. We still paid $100/ticket for $124 seats. They were ok but really not worth that much. Right after we got home they were on Public TV. Could have saved $200. Oh well.	
Jun 12 2007 	Awesome place if u have a car...	This hotel is beautiful, with large, extremely comfortable and quiet rooms. If you do not have a car, you will not be happy here - it is at the very northernmost end of the Strip, a long walk from other attractions. But if you have a car, no problem, as parking at all casinos and malls is free. Only complaint we had was the &quot;welcome center&quot; pestering us to stop by and pick up our &quot;free welcome package&quot; - and to book our sales pitch for the vacation club. The personal phone call Saturday morning that woke us up to invite us to this thing was not welcomed. But, the entire staff is friendly and helpful. Make sure to book the suite - it has a soaking jet tub in the bedroom, full kitchen with all supplies, a separate living room with a 2nd TV. Also request a late check-out, as their check-out time is 10 AM. The pool area was also very nice, designed with lots of little nooks and 3 separate spa areas, no problem finding a lounge chair even when busy, and also lots of room in the pool. Security guards always around, so you feel safe anywhere on the property. Smoke-free and gambling-free, so great for families. Nice little deli and store on-site, also a game room and lounge area. In short, we were very happy, and plan to stay here again the next time we go to Vegas.	
Jun 7 2007 	Nice Visit	Stayed Here for a week starting Memorial Day, and had a great visit. I was able to check in early on the first day. I booked a one bedroom suite, standard, with a king size bed. Nice spacious room. Full size kitchen was well stocked with utensils etc. Full size appliances, washer/dryer. Since I stayed as a hotel guest and not a timeshare owner I had daily maid service and I thought they did a good job. Comfy bed, comfy living room with a big flat screen TV. Plenty of room for a family. The pool area was beautiful, and not too crowded. I was always greeted by name, at valet, the front desk, and the pool. The rooms, pool and lobby all look just like the website photos and the photos posted here. So no surprises.The pluses for me: Quiet hotel, I wanted to sleep, rest, and visit with family. So no casino noise, and no drunken neighbors next door. I wasn't even aware that the rooms on either side were occupied. Traffic at that end of the strip was lite, so easy in and out. Large comfortable suite, at a lower price than most regular hotels. The concierge and the bell desk were very helpful with dinner reservations, show tickets, and airport transportation. Even at 3 am when I had to leave for my return flight. I am a female traveling alone, and was looking for somewhere safe and quiet. The minuses: The bathroom didn't have an exhaust fan, so steams up quickly. Also the shower was very hot, and if you turn the water down to cool off, then no pressure. The small grocery/cafe shop has very limited selections, the prepared food items were not great, and I thought all the items from chips to drinks and sandwiches were pricey. $7.95 for a ham and cheese sandwich from the prepared counter. But, I had stopped at the grocery store on my way to check in, so I was well supplied.All in all I had a great stay. I have family in Vegas that I was visiting, and they ended up hanging out at the hotel with me it was so nice. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 4 2007	nice hotel but FAAAAAAAAAAR from the main attractions	Stayed 2 nights at the hotel 2 wks ago, booked it through Hilton's own website w/ AAA discount.Although it doesn't look far, but the walk from the hotel to MGM is easily 3 miles. I love to walk, so normally it's not a problem. Butwhen it's 98F out, you'd want some shade.I used taxi &amp; monorail alot. Probably spent over $100 on transportation.Room itself is nice. But decore looked a bit dated.I checked out of Hilton &amp; moved to Paris Hotel &amp; got a rental car. Walked &amp; drived to all the major attractions. As for me, I prefer newer hotels w/ updated rooms.	
Jun 1 2007 	Great Choice!	After checking travel sites, my friends and I decided to try booking directly with Hilton. We made the booking then saw that they dropped the prices a couple of weeks later. The hotel honored the new rate, which was a pleasant surprise.Upon arriving, we found no line at the desk; so we checked in right away. Same thing at check-out. There was a mix-up in the reservation, however. Though I had paid for two rooms, they said one had been cancelled in error. Then they mistakenly re-booked it at the highest rate, which I found upon checkout. That aside, the rooms were perfect -- clean, spacious, comfortable, and very well stocked for a lengthy stay. We had suites; and it was nice for us all to be able to visit each other's rooms and not have to sit on beds.The staff memebers were excellent. The entire hotel was always clean; and it was so nice to stay out late and not come back to a busy lobby because there is no casino or attraction there. This hotel caters only to its guests: fitness center, market, business center, gameroom, etc. So it's like coming home after a night out.	
May 28 2007 	Impressive property	We spent three night at the HGVC, and we loved it.This is a well run operation. Everything was superb. They gave us a Penthouse suite, and it was impressive.Hilton has their act together here. We rented a car, and the Valet was very efficient. It was easier for us to drive to the Casinos, and restaurants then try to fend for a cab. Everywhere there were longlines waiting for taxis. The place was packed last weekend. Barry Manilow was a great show. He goes non stop for90 minutes. We had perfect seats five rows back in the center.HGVC VIP service bought the tickets for us. We also found the best steak ever at the Circus Circus Steakhouse. All the locals eat here. The steak includes a complete dinner at a fair price $39.00. We had dinner at another steakhouseand it cost us over $175.00. You can spend a lot more, but neverget a better steak. Hilton Grand Vacations Club Las Vegas will see us again real soon.	
May 27 2007 	Beyond Expections	Stayed there for 14 nights from 06/05/07.Quality &amp; cleanliness of the hotel &amp; room was excellent., We had a 1 bed room which had a view of the strip. The staff were all exceptionally polite &amp; helpful., no member of staff passed you whilst walking around the hotel without greeting you.The pool was also excellent &amp; had beautiful palm trees all around it, it was very relaxing to lie back &amp; listen to the warm desert wind to blow through the trees.We went to the timeshare preview &amp; found the sales people to be very nice, it did take a long time &amp; i actually bought a timeshare at this property as i was that impressed with it. There is a deuce bus stop right outside &amp; will take you anywhere you want, the hotel is perfectly positioned in my opinion.The hotel makes you feel secure &amp; valued &amp; will be going back very soon.They must be doing something right to deserve #6 position in the whole of Vegas.Enjoy your trip, we did.	
May 20 2007	Excellent hotel - only place I'll stay in Vegas	What a great hotel! My room was a lovely suite that looked like a condo. It had:- full and spacious kitchen-full bath- seperate tub area ( a little weird)- separate bed area- separate living room with attached breakfast tableThe site has free parking and a reasonably priced deli. The gym is used extensively and has lots of equipment. The pool is small compared to the Mandalay Bay pools, but is good enough.There are no slots here or gambling, so the environment is clean and smoke free. The one tip i have: when checking in, circle past the valet and on your right you'll find the 15 min check-in parking.	
May 16 2007 	Great Stay	We recently stayed there in a 2 bedroom suite for the mother's day weekend. When we checked in, it was quick and pleasant. Parking is in the back of the hotel/timeshare. They are currently buidling a parking garage. Since we are members of HGVC, we were placed on a high floor in tower two. Service was great. Everybody was very friendly, including the security officers driving around in the golf carts. We frequently saw security checking the parking lots and walking the property. This was a new buidling, so everything was in good condition. The only minus was that in our second bedroom, it appeared that someone had smoked in the room and you could smell the odor. It was mild, however still annoying, since the room was designated as a non-smoking room. Overall everything everybody said about the hotel is pretty much right on.	
May 14 2007 	The goodies and the baddies....	I'm torn as to how to review the Hilton Grand Vacations Club. I stayed here overnight in 2005 and loved it...so I booked for the second time during a recent visit and had a terrible visit.Okay...the nitty gritty.I guess the first thing I noticed both times is that staying here doesn't feel like you are in Las Vegas. This is a good and bad and really depends on what you want. It's great because you don't have the casino (since the lobby doesn't have the slot machines or any games) feel but then, it feels like any other average city. And if you're going to Vegas, you want to feel like you're there! Also, even though it is on the strip, it's at the far end of the strip so though you can walk to the actual center of town, it's a bit of a trek to. Both times, this was a bit of a hassle....If you are staying at the HGVC, it's important to stay in the suite. This means, you spend a little but you have more room to relax in. Also, the suite has a jacuzzi, kitchen &amp; sitting area (or a spare room for more guests) whereas the regular room is just a sleeping area and is connected to the other side of the suite with a single door.In our most recent visit, my fiance booked the room without realizing that there were two types of room. They were completely booked so we stayed in the single room. What we noticed about the single room was that it was drastically louder. We heard the people to our left coming home from partying and continuing the party and to our right (if you can believe it!), we heard the couple having sex! Let's just say, when we wanted to sleep, we couldn't.Also, as a &quot;special deal&quot;, we had to go to a Hilton timeshare presentation. Don't get roped into this....it isn't THAT much of a saving and we wasted over 3 hours listening to a very, very persistant salesman.Obviously, this is our experience but hope that you will have a much better one than we did on our second time at HGVC....Have a good time in Vegas!	
May 13 2007 	Great choice while in Las Vegas	Stayed May 10th to May 11th, 2007. Just got back home so this review is late.This is a great property, clean, spacious rooms and perfect customer service from everyone. Pool area was exceptional but the cocktails in this area where a rip, alcohol content was almost non-existent at $7 - $8 a pop. I mentioned this to our server and she could have cared less.Our room was clean as could be and no shortage of things to do. Good location, in the Circus Circus Hotel area of Las Vegas.Thumbs up for this property…	
May 12 2007 	Nice Hotel	We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite May 5-9 on the 3rd floor. Nice size full kitchen and family room, and 2 good size bedrooms with full baths. Beds were comfortable, and shower had plenty of pressure and hot water. Hotel was very quiet at night being on the North end of the strip. This was nice after a long day of activities. Pool was nice and well kept. Exercise room had plenty of things to choose from with nice flat screen tv's to watch while exercising. There was a nice store/small sandwich shop to buy milk, cereal, pop, beer, pre-made sandwiches etc. (there is also a starbucks) We had a rental car, so the location of the hotel was not a problem for us. We drove down to the middle of the strip and parked for free at the big hotels. The staff that we encountered at the hotel were all very friendly and helpful. Check-out was no problem, they do charge $1.00 for local calls, no big deal, we were just not aware of it. The only down side:We were contacted to do a time share promotion of the property. Reduced hotel rate, but had to attend the 1 1/2 hour presentation. They of course said no pressure when we first booked. In fairness to them, it was not high pressure, but I would say more pressure than we expected. I think that we heard the word(s) &quot;WHY&quot; or &quot;WHY NOT&quot; at least 30-40 times. (no joke) The sales lady was nice, but pretty pushy. We were not at all interested, but we tried to remain pleasant throughout the experience. For us, it lasted about 90 minutes, but if you give them any hope at all that you are interested in buying, it could easily last 3 hours. The experience was not horrible, but we will not attend something like this again. Overall, very nice hotel, just avoid booking a promotional time share presentation if you can. I am sure that for some people, this would not have been an inconvenience, but for us it was. You learn from your mistakes, no more timeshare presentations for us.	
May 9 2007	Very Pleased	I stayed May3-8 in a 1 bedroom suite. We loved it. It is good an quiet, away from the drunks. We never had one problem here.and will definately be going back. Don't listen to much to the folks that complain about it being so far away from everything. It is not. The Sahara is probably the distance of 2 blocks away. If you were walking down to the heart of the strip everyday, sure it would be a little too much. You have to choose which is more important to you, being away from the madness with peace, quiet and safety or being withing close proximity of all the big casinos. You can't have both,	
May 6 2007 	Great Stay!!!!	We received this stay from some friends of ours who are members of the time share club. We stayed from 29 Apr - 4 May 2007. Accomdations were wonderful. Our setup was for a two bedroom suite. The hotel is configured so the two bedroom suite is actually a one bedroom cundo with a passthrough to a full studio that counted for the second bedroom. Each had it own door to the hallway. We stayed in tower two which appears to be the newer tower. Great set up if you have kids and want a little privacy. Be aware this hotel does not have a casino on the property. We actually liked this as it helps control the urge to drop a $20.00 everytime you are walking through the lobby. Location is central to both the strip and downtown next to Circus Circus across from the Sahara. Check in was great. Pool area is spacious and perfect for relaxing or socializing. Employees were always extremely helpful. There was always an employee standing near the lobby to help out. Parking was plentiful and will be more so as they are building a multilevel parking garage. Hotel has a market place open until 1:00 AM for snacks, fresh sandiwiches and any toletries you may have forgotten. Bus and trolley stop directly out front. The Monorail is whithin one block. Would reccomend HGV strip to anyone except those that like to have there room, resturants and casino on the property.	
Apr 29 2007 	nice place far from action	We were invited to stay for 2 nights for free- as long as we did the time share presentation.It is a nice place- the 1 bedroom had beautiful kitchen, living room, then separate bedroom with a jacuzzi bath tub, and a shower in the bath room.The room was nice, quiet, curtains kept things dark during the day. The view is nice (we were on the 26th story). My complaints: Hilton should have a shuttle from the airport, or at least a shuttle to their other places.Shower very slipperyLocation is far from the main part of strip. (Though the regular Hilton is even farther away)Pros:Quiet placeNice room. ( I did not really check out pool etc)I did love the jacuzzi in the bedroom- nice place to wind down, can see the TV from it. The time share presentation was not very pushy, took I think 60 min of our time.	
Apr 27 2007 	Fantastic	This hotel was an absolute treat. I was in Vegas for 5 nights for a trade show. My room had one bedroom, a living room with a pull our couch and nice dining table, a FULL kitchen nicer than my own at home and a stacked washer and dryer. The bathroom was large and stylish. The room was clean and had a flat panel in the living room, a large TV in the bedroom and a Bose system with the TV in the living room. Everyone that we encountered that worked in the hotel was absolutely helpful, gracious and very nice. Our room was cleaned well each day. And when we had to call housekeeping for a few things (coffee filters, laundry detergent, etc) they arrived promptly and with a smile. If you read that the hotel is &quot;away&quot; from other stuff on the strip, that is true. BUT, there is a frequent $2 bus called the &quot;Deuce&quot; that stops in front of the hotel and will take you anywhere on the strip. I don't think this hotel is any further from the heart of the strip than the Luxor is. We walked down to Paris, Ceasar's, etc., several times - so if you don't mind stretching your legs you'll have no problem. The pool was gorgeous and sitting at the pool bar with a beer at the end of a long day was relaxing. I pretty much loved this hotel. Also, it was within walking distance of the convention center, although, it was a long walk. You can take a taxi to the convention center for about $7 or, if your show offers a shuttle, the LVHGVC is on the stop list. (By the way, to give you an idea where the hotel is, it is across the road from the Riviera, almost up to where the Sahara is, but not nearly as far away as the Stratosphere is.)The kitchen in the hotel was great (coffee maker, blender, toaster, microwave, range and oven, dishwasher, sink, disposal, full-size fridge, pots, pans, utensils, etc.) BUT there is not a grocery store within walking distance. Well, actually, we did walk there, but it took at least 25 minutes, and would be very far to walk with groceries in hand on the way back. So we took a bus and were okay, but the hotel really needs to consider shuttle service to the grocery store or to open up a larger emporium in the hotel itself (there is a small store with a few items, but you couldn't cook a decent dinner that way).No casino in this hotel, very family friendly.My only other compaint is that the lobby often seemed crowded and we never seemed to be able to talk to the concierge - the need a few concierges to deal with the number of people staying there.	
Apr 26 2007 	Nice Place	We stayed here from 4/25 to 4/28. We had a studio room that was very nice. The free Wi-Fi was a big plus. The only problem we had was the distance from the main part of the strip. Taking the taxi on a daily basis got expensive. We started taking the bus which stops right out front and saved a few bucks. Also the amenities states that there is a foosball tabe and air hockey in the game room. There isn't but there was a pool table. Probably won't stay here again just because it's so far down on the strip.	
Apr 18 2007 	Excellent accommodation	After much deliberation of where to stay for eight nights in Las vegas, we chose this hotel and were absolutely delighted with our choice. We were upgraded to a penthouse suite which was fantastic. The facilities and service was excellent and the staff went out of their way to be helpful. The pool area was lovely and a lot less crowded than some other large hotels on the strip. There are plenty of sun loungers and beautiful palm tress surrounding the different areas.The whole hotel is in immaculate condition and sparkling clean throughout. I do believe the rooms in tower two are newer though than in tower one.The best thing about the hotel was that at the end of a very busy and exciting night at shows, restaurants and casinos, it was a real oasis of calm to return to.........which you can't find in many of the other hotels.If I returned to Vegas, there is no other place I would stay besides here.	
Apr 18 2007 	Great except location	This timeshare property is new and nice, with spacious rooms, good customer service, etc. Pool seemed average. However, in our opinion it is just too far from the main part of the strip. We spent so little time in the room and the majority of time on the main part of the strip, that it would have been much better to have had a room more conveniently located. We tried the monorail but it was not well designed to be convenient to the strip. The monorail seems designed for the convention center. We used cabs but there was always a line for cabs at peak times (coming and going). I would recommend this hotel only if you get a great deal on the rate to offset the price of cabs, or if you rent a car. We did walk during the day, but everything between the hotel and the Wynn is very seedy, with beggers and salespeople trying to get us to stop for them. Our advice is to stay on the strip anywhere between NYNY and the Wynn.	
Apr 17 2007 	Great Place but a little disappointed!	I was very excited about staying at this hotel due to the great reviews. We had a 2 bedroom suite on the 27th floor of tower 2. The hotel was very family friendly, especially for a my 2 year old. The pool was a little cold but for a New Englander it did not matter that much. The location was great, close enough to a few casinos, with public transportation readily available. I was disappointed with a few things, I was called several times to participate in a time share meeting, I was told that I would never been disturbed, I guess to make matter worse it was during my 2 year old's much needed afternoon nap!!! The marketplace was a big disappointment, the food was cold and not very appetizing, I would suggest you stop by the local supermarket, before checking in.Overall, I would stay there again, I just would be sure to mention upon check in that I don't want to participate in any meeting, and bring a few breakfast items.	
Apr 11 2007	Above and Beyond	If you are staying here you will be in for a treat. I loved this hotel! The service was exceptional from the time we stepped through the door. They truly made their guest feel like rolyalty! It is a little far from the major part of the strip, but that did not bother us. There were plenty of ways to travel down the strip to see most of the attractions and casinios. These guys really understand the meainng of customer service!	
Apr 10 2007 	Better than your home - away from home.	My Wife and I just came back from a 5 night stay at this new resort using our Hilton timeshare points. I also booked a 3 night stay for our married friends using a promo that cost about $250.At first I was concerned that we would be too far from the &quot;action&quot; of the South Strip. But we rented a car for the week, and had NO problems nor regrets. In fact we were happy that we didn't have to walk everywhere in the heat &amp; the crowds, nor wait for cabs or buses or monorail. We watched the masses being herded around from our car window as we zipped around town. Every resort in Vegas has free parking. Just avoid driving on Las Vegas Blvd during busy hours. Stick to Paradise Rd. or Industrial Rd. It takes 5-10 minutes to get to any resort property on the Strip (15 min to the airport). Hotel is on the Strip and Sahara Ave access gets you to wherever you need to go.After a day lounging by the pool, the ladies were able to shower , dress-up, and venture for each evening's dinner, shows &amp; gaming in comfort; without messing their make-up or heels. This worked out very well for the 4 of us, and made for a more relaxing trip. Renting a car helped us get everywhere on time, and even let us visit both the Grand Canyon &amp; Hoover Dam in one day!We stayed in a 'penthouse' suite in Tower 2 on the 32nd floor (of 39). Our friends stayed in a normal suite on the 8th. Neither couple had problems with noise, the hotel is very quiet even with construction across the street. Penthouse level rooms have upgraded amenities including larger flat screen tv's, Bose 5.1 surround sound (vs. 2.1 surround), cathedral ceilings, luxury style multiple jets in the shower, jacuzzi jets (vs. soaking tubs).From our room, we could see the MGM, the Wynn, Palms, Rio, and others. At the moment the rooms facing the strip have a limited view of Las Vegas Blvd because of a high-rise condo tower next door. The 2 planned towers to be built will be higher than the existing towers. The higher floors of these new towers might have a better view. Check out proposed buildings: [--]Lobby and room decor is kind of a blend of Tuscan and modern art deco.If you return to this hotel late at night, you may have to park farther from the doors. Not a problem for us, we enjoy the evening weather in Vegas. A new parking structure is currently being built at this HGVC on the Strip.Room is dark when curtains are closed. A/C is not too noisy. Appliances at your disposal (including a disposal) make you feel right at home. Hot water is instantly VERY HOT! Water pressure is great.Had only 1 problem where the Bose system would turn itself on at random times. Engineering service arrived within 7 minutes. They knew of this issue particular to Bose Lifestyle 5.1 systems. Other Bose units can interfere if their radio signals overlap. They reprogrammed the remote and base system to use a different radio frequency, and the problem was resolved. The pool area seemed smaller than other HGVC properties we've stayed at. I'm only guessing if Hilton will build a second pool when the 2 new towers are built.Fitness center was very usable, and had good hours 6am-10pm.On-site convenience store was comfortably stocked, and had good prepared deli foods. But we went to Costco even before arriving at the hotel, since suites at all HGVC properties have full kitchens &amp; laundry. Line for Starbucks coffee at the deli can get long in the mornings. Don't know why because they give you the same Starbucks packets in the room for the coffee maker!The ladies didn't reserve any time at the day Spa, but it had a nice decor, and listed all services you'd expect. They were offering a free chair massage in the lobby on one day, to promote the Spa.Lunch by the pool was very good, and reasonably priced. Standard fare, apps, sandwiches, burgers, salads, mixed drinks, etc.I would not consider the Vegas Strip is a high crime area at all. We didn't feel threatened by any means at any of the resorts we visited. With that said, Security is very noticeable and pleasant at this hotel; it was very comforting.The concierge service was not exactly on par with Concierge services in the swanky NY Hotels. But they are quite capable of helping you book a tour or show. They did provide us with some excellent restaurant tips. (Firefly is a great tappas style restaurant)They had a special Japanese-speaking desk for Japanese travelers.We didn't use the owner's lounge - pool tables and such. Looked very nice. Seemed to us it was mostly used by kids.Free 802.11b WIFI in this hotel. But watch out for internet and printing fees in the business center. READ the fees &amp; instructions carefully!They are still selling timeshares at this hotel. They have 2 offices onsite, one for existing owners, and one for potential buyers. Nobody ever approached, nor asked our guests (non-owners) about attending a timeshare presentation. But the tv does change itself to the 'Hilton Channel' every time you turn it on. In my opinion, this is the nicest Hilton property in Vegas.	
Apr 3 2007 	Very nice!	We stayed under a 2 night special deal in exchange for one of our party to sit through the time-share presentation. I took the Executive Shuttle ($6 one way) and it was important to tell the driver we were staying at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club on Las Vegas Blvd next to Circus Circus. There are at least 2 other Hilton Grand Vacation Clubs (Hilton and Flamingo) and it is important to be dropped off at the right place. The others in my group got dropped off at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club Hotel which is on Paradise Ave.They ended up walking the mile to the correct location, after the front desk at the other Hilton figured out they were at the wrong property.We stayed in Tower 2 in a one bedroom. There was a full kitchen with Cuisineart cookware, coffee maker with Starbucks coffee, and a full fridge. There is a full dining table. There was a laundry machine andone person in my group did laundry. The big TV was hard to figure outthe remote control. The bathroom had a nice large shower. The bed wasreally comfortable. This place was as big as my last apartment in Philadelphia. The staff provided good service. The deli/convenience store downstairs had some basic pantry items, a dessert and sandwich counter, a salad and fruit case, a pizza counter, and a Starbucks. I got milk and cereal for the mornings, and a bunch of microwave popcorn for snacks. There are 2 small pools, of which one was closed while I was there. There is a nice workout room. There is a business center with a computer and fax machine. There is free wireless internet in the room. There is also a spa on-site with all the typical spa treatments you get at any full service spa. All of these amenities were like being at home, and the room and building was quite comfortable for us. There were kids in the building, but the sound proofing was so good, I never heard them.This property is not convenient to transportation except taxi. The trolley people were talking about in other posts was not running when I was there. I waited for the bus, at a bus stop down the driveway, for quite a while, and it never came. I walked over to the Sahara by crossing a fairly busy main road, and took the monorail to the Strip for $5 per ride, or $15 all day (runs 19 hrs per day). The taxis seem to cost about $10.50 to get down to the mid-strip, and to Freemont St downtown. Doing the math, if you have 2 - 3 peopleto transport, it is just as cheap to take a taxi than the monorail, and you can be dropped off at the door you want to go to.When I wanted fun and glitz, I went down to the big casinos, and when it was time to sleep, I went back to the hotel. I personally liked the feeling of a retreat from the bing-bing and the bling-bling of the gaming floors. It was a very relaxing and quiet stay.	
Apr 1 2007 	Wonderful	We stayed for a week March 20-27, 2007. This is a very beautiful and well maintained property. It is located at the north end of the strip, halfway between the Sahara and Riviera/Circus Circus. It is a clean property, no casino, bar, club or the like.Check in was very fast. The room was very beautiful and clean. We were in tower 2 in a one bedroom unit, separate bedroom and living room, and a full kitchen with all the necessities for a long stay. The common areas are well decorated and very comfortable. There is a beautiful swimming pool (actually several pools) that was fully operational at the time, and a nice poolside bar (waves) serving nicefood and drinks. There is ample and secure parking (free), with direct key card access to the hotel from behind. The market place is a nice place to buy anything from snacks, food and groceries, even a cup of starbucks coffee. Staff in every corner you go are very friendly and greet you with a genuine smile. Housekeeping is very efficient and appeared well organized.Hotel offers valet parking, and there is a deuce (bus) stop right infront of the property. There are taxis lined up infront all the time. The closest monorail stop is at the Sahara hotel, less than 5 minutes stroll down the street. I walked out of the hotel and strolled up and down the strip all the time, even as late as 1am.Overall, very nice hotel, great location and wonderful service. Will return again and again.	
Mar 30 2007 	Just great!	We stayed for about a week in Feb. 2007 and can hardly wait to go back! We had one small problem with housekeeping not servicing our room but that was quickly taken care of. We were on the 23rd floor and I have never stayed at such a quiet hotel. It was awesome. If there was a way to get that bed strapped to the top of my car I would have stolen it! VERY comfortable. The little kitchen area was great as well as the laundry facilities. Parking was not a problem and getting on and off the main street was easy. Can't believe how good the price was for what we received. I dislike timeshares but if I was to ever consider one this would be it. Hope they keep up the great service and value.	
Mar 27 2007 	Heck of a Hilton	We stayed from 3/23 until 3/26 and had a great stay. We went on behalf of a Hilton property sales presentation, which was not a bad experience, and we actually purchased the vacation club after a few hours of &quot;negotiating&quot;. The presentation was not high pressure at all, and had we not expressed some level of interest, I am confident the presentation would have only last approx. 90 minutes. About the property: very nice pool with outside bar serving a typical lunch menu and any drink you can think of with very good service and fair prices. The rooms were very nice, very large with flat screens, comfy beds lots of furniture, and some have full kitchens. they also have large bathrooms with a big walk-in shower. Downstairs there is a nice marketplace serving several kinds of food for each meal of the day, including package alcohol, soda pop, waters, juices, and Starbucks coffee. There is a huge fitness room, activity room with pool table, tvs, etc. There is also a spa which we did not visit. Parking is very convenient and free, with easy on/off access onto Las Vegas Blvd (the Strip). Overall, it was a great experience and now that we are owners with Hilton, will certainly be back many times over. If you are unsure about this property, please email any issues you may have and I'll honestly answer them. Book the trip and enjoy Vegas!!	
Mar 16 2007 	Awesome Hotel	We stayed at Hotel from March 9th thru 13th.Hotel was very clean and staff was very friendly.We arrived in Vegas around noon, no problem checking in early.Short walk to the Sarah Monorail, made it convenent to go to hotel to hotel. Made reservations on Hilton website. Hotel never tried to get us to go to a timeshare presentation.	
Mar 15 2007 	very nice-we'll be back	We purchased a 2-night package to attend their sales presentation. We loved the property and our room and felt very comfortable there. We are gamblers, but enjoyed the non-casino atmosphere as it was relaxing and there weren't people wandering in and out all the time and you could get to the pool while wearing bathing suits without going through casino or large lobby. We were in Tower 2, newer tower, and room was great. Bed was very comfortable. The little market/deli was nice and not too expensive. They seemed to be working out some kinks with service during busy breakfast and lunch times. Pool was great, lots of room and lounge chairs. Pool bar/snack bar was closed seasonally, we would like to return when it is open. I agree with a previous reviewer that a shuttle to the Hilton would be nice. Transportation down the Strip was convenient though, with the Deuce bus or a taxi. We'll definitely be back.	
Mar 14 2007 	Superior Service 	We stayed in a tastefully decorated and clean one bedroom suite in &quot;Tower One &quot; March 9-13 and was impressed by the staff and service the entire stay.  Starting with Laura ,who was very pleasant at check in ,we were always greated with a smile and good morning / afternoon / evening by all of the staff we encountered. The valet was always prompt and courteous and the bell hop / doorman looked to truely enjoy his job, greeting everyone and assisting anyone with needs or questions. The stand out ,we thought ,was James, the bartender at the poolside cafe, Waves. After meeting us for the first time , he never forgot our name or anyone elses and was always having friendly conversation with his patrons. Even during the busiest times , James always had a friendly smile and a keen sense of awareness to his customers needs. We saw him in the parking lot on his way to work on Monday and he gave us a smile, wave and Good Morning to my wife and me by name asking us if we were stopping by , which we did of course. Even the room attendent asked if everything was to our satisfaction when she saw us exiting our room for the first time.  Again , I can't say enough about the quality of the staff we encountered during our stay , I was truely impressed. Being in customer service for almost 25 years I can appreciate what it takes to find and train the right people that you think will fit into your company culture and the management at this Hilton property has certainly done so .	
Mar 4 2007 	Vegas Oasis	We booked through the Hilton website and surprisingly this was one of the few hotels available. It was President's Day weekend and the NBA All-Star Game so Las Vegas was jammed.It was nice to have a hotel without a casino that was a little removed from most of the action even though it was long walk. We left the car in the lot behind the hotel and walked, which was faster than trying to drive on the Strip.This hotel has excellent, well-appointed and quiet rooms with a decent view. The large flat-screen TV was a bonus. Very clean and quiet with a friendly staff and a good marketplace downstairs for snacks and coffee at reasonable prices. The games room and gym were in excellent condition.For a long weekend in Las Vegas we paid a very reasonable price and did not pay to park or have to attend a timeshare presentation.We had an excellent dinner at Mon Ami Gabi in the Paris casino. Great food and very professional service in a much quieter atmosphere.	
Mar 1 2007 	lovely hotel!!	got an awesome rate $350 - taxes included.. for 2 weekend nites, for a 2bedroom suite for attending their timeshare presentation.. as soon as we walked into the room, we were shocked at how beautiful our room was... everything was brand new... walk in shower, jacuzzi tub, open kitchen, washer/dryer, dishwasher., wood grain cabinets.. recessed lighting.. granite countertops... wow!! wish this was my apartment!! location: its at the far north end of the strip, next to circus circus, which is a dump... and a lil south of the stratosphere... it's a quiet location if you dont want to be in the middle of all the action, we had a car so getting to where ceasar's palace wasn't a big deal.. we could drive a little to the action, park and spend the rest of the day walking around..parking was free in all of vegas, parking here at the hotel was in the back of the hotel. it was only $15 per day for a car plus tax.. so it was worth for the 4 guys in our group... the one thing i did use was the gym... i belong to a regular gym and was surprised that i got a good work out from a hotel gym.. there were lots of weights and machines and treadmills.. overall, if i could stay here as cheaply as i did, i would do it again.. but i doubt it since i had to attend a 2 hr presentation...	
Feb 15 2007 	Great Value!	This was where I spent the last 4 days of my journey in Vegas. The rates were VERY reasonable. $129 for Friday &amp; Saturday, then &amp;99 Sunday &amp; Monday. Considering that Bally's was charging $270 - that was a deal. The property is gorgeous. It is a time share - I've stayed at other time shares and been hassled to death. Buying a timeshare was never mentioned at this property at all. The front desk staff was helpful &amp; friendly. My room was simply beautiful. And the view of the strip was breathtaking. The property is pretty new. They say they are building a parking garage and there is construction accross the street - which might be it - but I didn't hear any construction. The bus &amp; trolley stop about every 9 minutes right outside so getting up &amp; down the strip is pretty effortless. This is actually a place that I might consider buying. And I travel a lot for buisness &amp; pleasure - this is one of the nicest properties I've ever stayed at. Beware of the cab drivers. This place is close to the airport - the drivers work on commisson. I was talking to the cabdriver that took me to the airport (it was his first day) he only charged $15. My friend who left of Friday was charged $35. They are notorious for ripping off tourists. You can take a shuttle from the airport for around $5. And buy a roundtrip ticket for $10. You buy them when you arrive at the airport. It's easy. The Duece, is a bus that runs up &amp; down the strip (and to freemont st.) 24 hours a day. You can get a 24hr. pass for $5. Walking the strip is impossible. On the map it looks close together - but it's not at all. The bus is the best way. It comes every 9 minutes and a great deal. Much better then walking &amp; far cheaper then taking taxi's anywhere. There are three Hiltons in vegas. Make sure that you are clear to everyone that you are going to Grand Vacations. The other two Hilton's are not as nice (and the customer service is AWFUL - I stopped by both of them.) The only small complaint that I have about Grand Vacations is that when I checked out, the front desk clerk was not very nice and didn't say thank you. That was dissapointing because they had done perfectly up to that moment. I assume it was her - because overall the staff was excellent. They have a laundry facility there, but many of their rooms have washer/dryers in the until. There is a store that is a little expensive but really not too bad if you need some staples. All rooms have refridgerators which I could see would come in handy with small children. There is also a huge workout room &amp; rec room with a pool table. Then there are all the great pools.I strongly recommend this property. And I do go to Vegas usually twice a year. From now on, I won't stay anywhere else. This is definately the best value in Vegas!!	
Jan 30 2007 	Quiet Hotel away from the Chaos!	I was pleasantly surprised by my stay at the Grand Vacations Club. For the price I paid, I expected a much lower standard of accommodations, or at least for the hotel to be in a bad area. On the contrary, the room was one of the nicest hilton rooms that I have stayed in, and the hotel was in a convenient location on the strip. I booked it through hilton.com and I didn't even have to sit through a presentation! The best thing about the hotel is that it is small and doesn't have a noisy, smoky casino. It is on the northern part of the strip, but is still accessible to other hotels. It took us about 5-10mins to walk to circus circus and about 15-20mins to the Wynn. There was a fridge, tea/coffee making facilities, toaster and microwave in the room, and in the marketplace downstairs they had plenty of cereal, microwave meals, deli meals e.t.c. There was also a free fitness centre and swimming pool. This hotel had everything I ever needed from a vegas hotel and more! I will definitely be staying here on my future trips.	
Jan 18 2007	Absolutely Fantastic! Can't Wait To Go Again!	My husband and I just returned recently from a fantastic stay at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club on the Las Vegas Strip. What a wonderful and comfortable place. We are time share owners at another property and exchanged one of our weeks for our stay here. I must say that after reading some of the previoius positive reviews, I certainly am in agreement. We stayed in Tower 2 (newer...less than a year old) and couldn't have asked for more. We had a 1BR unit which was large and quite comfortable. The unit was beautifully decorated with all the amenities one could ask for. Again having read previous reviews, I was led to believe that the small food market at this property was extremely expensive. Absolutely not so from my standpoint. Grant it, items were a bit more than your average grocery store, but that is to be expected. It was ideal for small breakfast items and even tasty sandwiches. The only drawback (and I'm not certain this is one), is that you have to walk to the closest casinos, those being the Riviera and the Sahara. (I'm not counting Circus Circus which is really the closest one). There's a bus called The Deuce which goes up and down the strip from downtown all the way to The Luxor on the north end. It's $2.00 each way or $5.00 for a 24 hr pass. It stops just a bit away from the front entrance of the Hilton.We received a morning USA Today each day and were never pushed about attending their 2-3 hr time share presentation. We were asked but politely declined. My only complaint would be that the Hilton could at least have a complimentary shuttle that runs between the Grand Vacation site and the Hilton Hotel &amp; Casino. One could walk it, but we didn't. I would think that the Hilton family would want to keep that money with one of their casinos, versus having their guests take their money elsewhere. Had a wonderful time, (despite the fact that we went during an extremely cold spell for Las Vegas...20's, 30's &amp; 40 degree temps) and definitely plan on returning.	
Jan 15 2007	Loved the Hilton	I was contacted by a telemarking group with an offer to stay 2 nights for $271. We were already planning a trip that month so I took advantage of it. We were told we would need to listen to a time share presentation. The Hilton Grand Vacations is on the strip, down near the Stratosphere. It does not have any casino's inside it. There is a oool, lounge room with pool table, couches, TV. The fitness room is next to the lounge. Down on the 1st floor is also a store &amp; attached deli/bakery. You can get coffee, pizza, groceries, cake and many other things. Our room was a studio suite on the 28th floor. We had the view of the strip. The room was nice. The bed was totally comfy! Loved the bed. A flat screen TV and DVD player were also in the room, along with the mini kitchenette area. We had some minor maintenance issues they took care of quickly. Cabs were easy to get and they had a $5.50 shuttle to the airport. We would stay there again.	
Jan 14 2007 	Good Choice!	I had bought a Hilton package ($151.00) for two nights in Vegas a year ago - so we finally made it on dec. 26th 2006. Just had to attend their 2 hour timeshare presentation - The sales lady was nice and not very pushy.Although, it's a little off the main strip - it's very well done from inside. We had a one room suite. We loved it!! Nice family room with Plasma tv, Bose dvd/sound system built into entertainment center. Granite countertops in the kitchen, Bed was comfortable and there was a soak tub in the bedroom. Bathroom was nice with a glass shower. Pleasant and helpful staff. Highly Recommended!	
Dec 28 2006 	Great place to stay again and again	Accomodations were above expectation for Las Vegas. We enjoyed the roomy two bedroom, two baths, full kitchen, livingroom-diningroom combo unit, flat screen plasma, surround sound and more. I enjoy the accomodations that do not include the casino and all that comes along with it. The resort is very clean and well managed. Security is not a problem at all. I would highly recommend staying here.	
Dec 24 2006	Good	HGVC always provide a great product - northern most stop on the monorail - pool and facilities were fine. About a half hour away from the action.	
Dec 14 2006 	excellent hotel	Very nice two room suite. Nice kitchen. Had a nice and large TV and a bose dvd/sound system built into entertainment center. Bed was comfortable and there was a jacuzzi in the bedroom. Bathroom was nice with a glass shower. The hotel has a nice gym and beautifull pool and spa area.	
Dec 2 2006 	Top spot with none of casino hassles	My wife hated the thought of staying in a casino hotel and this was the perfect option. After the long flight from Australia, a painless check in was more than appreciated, Staff are friendly and helpful, overall facilities are just what you'd expect and location although at the north end of the strip means a fair bit of walking or taxi rides, it's near the monorail for another option. Rooms are great and the king bed nice and roomy for us tall people. I'd go back in a blink !	
Nov 25 2006 	Nice Property	My husband and I were in a one-bedroom suite. The room was big and we didn't use the living room space at all. The hotel was a bit away from the main strip which was nice because we didn't get a lot of traffic. Getting around was easy, there's a trolley that stops right outside of the hotel. We enjoyed the pool and their staff was really helpful. If you need to get to a show/restaurant, you'd better reserve a cab in advance or you'll never get there in time.	
Nov 20 2006 	Lovely	The best bed I have ever slept on, I really didnt want to leave! We booked a king studio room for 3 nights which cost $87 thursday and $111 friday and Saturday night. The room also had a plasma TV, microwave, coffee maker, free starbucks coffee, fridge, blender, cutlery and crockery. We arrived really early in the morning and the hotel staff allowed us check in at 5am with no extra fee, the staff are very friendly. The hotel is facing the Sahara and next to Circus Circus. It takes about 20 - 30 mins to walk to the busier part of the strip Aladdin/ Paris/ Ballys or you can use the bus which is $2 single ride or $5 for a daily pass. We would definitely stay again.	
Nov 8 2006 	Beautiful New Hotel With Spectacular Rooms	We were contacted by this property to attend a Grand Vacations Club timeshare sales presentation, and in return we would get a deluxe 1 bedroom suite on the Strip for 3 nights at $160 a night. There were wonderful things about the hotel, and some not so great things, but all in all I give this place 2 thumbs up. The negatives: Hardly any! It is at the North end of the strip between the seedy Stratosphere and seedier Circus Circus, but once this end of the strip catches up with the rest it will be in a good area right in the middle of the action. Next, I would have liked bathrobes in the room, and the bath towels barely covered my 2 year old daughter. 3rd, the sales presentation was supposed to be 90 minutes, and we were stuck there for 3 hours and some change, with the 2 year old daughter. 4th, no in room on demand movies. Next, I'm a stickler for soft sheets, and these were on the scratchy side. Then the wireless internet went down for about 16 hours, and they charge $14.00 to use the business center computers.The positives: Everything else! The pools and splashpad were great. There is a big screen TV and pool table in a lounge that was free. Free wireless internet access. Extensive cable TV channels, incuding several kids channels, MTV, and 3 HBO channels. Full kitchen with granite counters, washer/dryer, stove, microwave, and every utensil and appliance you would need. Huge soaking tub and seperate glass enclosed shower. 2 TV's. Everything was clean and comfy. The staff was very helpful and nice. There is a Marketplace Deli on the bottom floor that is like a convenience store/pizzeria/coffee shop/whatever, where you can find everything from aspirin to frozen food to ready to eat hot food to wine. There is also a section where you can order deli sandwiches or fried food like chicken strips. Prices were pretty good considering it was in a Vegas hotel where normally you pay quadruple what it's worth. During the sales presentation they have a free food and drink area where they set out a continental breakfast, and do any type of beverage you want. There is alot more to this hotel than I can jot down in a few minutes, and overall we were exceptionally impressed, especially with the size of the room and amenities offered in it. It is basically a quiet respite from the usual craziness and noise associated with Las Vegas, and we definitely recommend staying here if you can get a deal.	
Oct 31 2006 	Loved this resort!	This is a beautiful resort right on the end of the strip (before the Stratosphere). It is new and beautifully decorated and spotlessly clean. The staff are warm and friendly. We are HGVC members already, and bought another week while we were there. It is really close to all of the major casinos but there is not a casino at this resort. That was very nice as it gives a nice break from all the hustle and bustle and smoke, yet you are still very close to all of the action. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 28 2006 	terriffic	Five of us stayed in the two bedroom unit for a family get together and I loved everything about this place. The beds are super comfortable and the unit had everything we needed. The pools and spas were beautiful. It reminded me of a lovely resort in Hawaii. Two in our party had massages at the spa and said it was great. They had valet parking for $6 a day and the strip bus stopped right in front. The only bad thing is you have to walk a long ways to cross the street to the Sahara were the monorail stop is located. Don't try to jaywalk, the traffic is moving pretty fast that far up the strip and we heard several stories about steep fines if you are caught jaywalking. The resort is surrounded by construction but it was never a problem. Too bad these will eventually all be sold as timeshares.	
Oct 18 2006 	Loved The Hilton Grand Vacations on the Strip	I just returned from my first visit to Las Vegas. I had never gone because neither gambling nor glitz have an appeal to me. However, Las Vegas has so much more to offer, as anyone who visits will tell you. And for people who want a clean, large, and beautiful room, in a hotel with a lovely pool, with plenty of peace and quiet when you come back to rest from the hustle and excitement of the rest of the strip, this is the perfect place! We stayed in Tower 1. The room was a large suite. Everything was new, and decorations were tasteful. There was a jacuzzi tub and excellent shower. It was perfectly quiet for us. The room had a washer/dryer, and detergent was provided. The maid not only cleaned the room but washed the dishes every day too. Unlike many &quot;apartment like&quot; places, this was very much the full service hotel. There was a deli in the hotel, which had an adequate selection of snack foods. Of course, there are many restaurants nearby as well. We were worried that the hotel would be mobbed with families (we are two adults, with no kids) but there was no problem with that at all. The concierge and front desk were extremely professional and helpful.	
Oct 15 2006	No casino !	Well appointed and modern. We stayed in the 'new tower' (tower 2) which had a quiet aircon system and large plasma tv.The hotel is at the N end of the strip but has no casino, no shops - it's just an hotel. Self-parking too. This makes access in and out much easier, especially when you have a lot of bags.Good value at $283 inc tax for a Saturday &amp; Sunday night via expedia.com	
Oct 12 2006 	Wonderful For Families/No Casino	My husband had business in Vegas, but we did not want to stay at the Casino/Hotel his work had booked for him with the children. So I booked this room through Hilton'w website well in advance. With a AAA discount a 1 bedroom King Suite was just $101/night. There is no casino, it was non-smoking and there was so much room that it was perfect for me and the two children to hang out in while Dad worked.It is located on the North end of the Strip nearly across from the Sahara. Far enough away from the glitter and debauchery of Vegas that I was comfortable there with my two small children. Just north a few miles is a great children's museum and a natural history museum (as homeschoolers, we were in heaven)Valet parking is $6 so we self-parked behind the building. It's tricky as they have valet roped off. Tip: Pull into the Hilton then immediately bear right. Follow the drive and turn at your first opportunity to go left. If you can park in the first few rows in that area the handicap entrance (you need your key card) is right in front of you. The Marketplace, gameroom, gym and elevators and spa are all on this ground level.We arrived around noon and check-in was pleasant. We were in Tower 2 on the 4th floor. It was quiet during the week, but by the weekend the elevators which we were near got a bit noisier with use. Still not a big problem--and at night we slept with a white-noise machine so it didn't matter much.The area is laid out in a square divided into fourths. One fourth is the kitchen. One fourth is the living room. One fourth is the master bedroom and one fourth is the bathroom. The place was huge. You enter the suite into a full kitchen with full size appliances, with an excellent assortment of dishes and utensils and a washer/dryer combo. This was great with the kids and after a previous 5 day tour of AZ &amp; NV. There is a work desk with high speed internet hook-up, but you must check out a cable if you don't have one. Dial up ISP is charged $1 as a room call unless you dial out a 1-800 number.There is seating for 4 at the dining table and the livingroom has a pullout sofabed, upholstered chair, flatscreen tv, DVD player and a chest of drawers, endtables and lamps. The sofabed was VERY difficult to set up. It pulled out in an akward way and then I really strained my back pulling it out fully. It was rather hard too. My 7 year old wanted to know why it wasn't as soft as the one we had had the night before at an Embassy Suite in Flagstaff, AZ. But for two little children who don't weigh much it was fine. It might be uncomfortable for an adult over several nights. But it was plenty big enough to sleep two adults or teens also. I comfortabley fit between a 7 and 4 year old with room to spare.The tv took some time to figure out. You have to turn it on manually first, then push the &quot;TV&quot; button on the remote before you can switch channels. The kitchen was great with kids. We saved a ton of money by going to a grocery store a few minutes away and cooking our own dinner. The flat-top stove heated to just the right temperature, the frig was full size and could hold milk and sodas, etc. The sink was huge but didn't drain, the disposal was clogged so it had to be repaired.The king bed was so comfortable I hated to leave. The pillows were fluffy and the drapes were unbelievable. I don't think I've ever seen drapes so dark. It was great to have the children sleep until 9 or 10 am because it was so gosh darn dark in the room. When you opened them it was really a surprise to see daylight. They were great. In the bedroom was a large chest of drawers, a tv (not flatscreen), two end tables, a chair and a huge garden tub. At first we did not have a drain plug so they had to bring us one. Then later that night when we went to take a bath, the cold water handle seemed stripped and we could not turn off the water. We managed to turn it off at the main valve behind the tub in the wall until maintence could fix it the next day.The bathroom had a huge walk in tiled shower, long vanity and Crab Tree &amp; Evelyn toiletries and a hairdryer. My only complaint is that there were not enough towel racks. Most of the new ones were rolled up in cubbie holes under the beautiful sink, but it was tough to find a place to hang up towels from four people each night. We draped them over the tub and shower. Over the toilet was one small rack as well as on the shower door. That was it. The water also took a bit to heat up, but, boy, when it did, it was scalding hot.The cleaning staff was pleasant. Even though the policy book stated that the room would only get cleaned every third or fourth day, we came home to fresh towels, made beds and washed dishes each day. There was even a little pizza stain on the bed sheet I had covered up to hide, but the next day I noticed it was gone. Evidently they had stripped the bed.My husband's work kept him longer than expected and we tried to get an additional night added to our stay. We had already booked 3 nights and needed a fourth. At first we were told there were no rooms available. Then we spoke to one manager who could only give us a room for $189--the going rate--when online I could have checked out and re-checked back in for around $132. A second night manager (Thanks Bob) agreed that since we were already a guest and had booked several days, he gave us a rate of $139 for the extra night. At check-out my husband produced our two work orders for the tub and the disposal expecting to get a little taken off our bill. Instead we got 4 coupons worth $4.95 each in the Marketplace. If my husband had not been in a hurry to get to the airport I would have gone back to complain. With a 2 liter of Coke costing $3.09, a coupon for $4.95 at the market was not my idea of a discount for my tub and sink not working for the first 24 hours. We ended up getting 3 breakfast sandwiches and a bag of Chips A-Hoy cookies with those coupons. I wanted a &quot;real world&quot; discount, not coupons for outrageously overpriced food. $20 off my bill would have made me happy. I felt gipped, but we were on a tight schedule and had little time to discuss the matter. Over all that is my biggest gripe. Everything else was superb.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone with children, anyone wanting to relax away from the glitter of the Strip or anyone wanting a true non-smoking hotel without a casino. But if you don't want to pay $189/night and up, book early and join AAA. The $50+ you pay for that will more than make up for the savings on a room here for more than a few nights.	
Oct 2 2006 	rough checkin but worth it	My sister and I stayed here Sept. 16-20, 2006. I am an owner with HGVC and my home resort is HGCV @ the Flamingo. This was a last minute trip and sadly there was no availability at the Flamingo location. I had wanted to give this property a try since it opened and since this was a short trip vs. our usual week long trip I decided to give it a go. My only complaint is that we had to move rooms once and nearly twice before getting what I had reserved. We had asked for a smoking room and the room they sent us to was clearly marked non-smoking. I called the front desk and they sent a bellman up with keys and directions to the next room. We went down 2 floors and this room also was marked non-smoking. I called the front desk again and after being put on hold it was explained to me that this floor had recently been re-designated a smoking floor and they hadn't taken the signs down yet. I was left wondering if that was the case with the original floor we had been assigned. This was really only a minor inconvenience and caused no ill will.Wow!! What a beautiful room. We had the one bedroom plus unit on the 31st floor in the new tower 2 facing Las Vegas Blvd. I'm still not clear on what made this unit a &quot;plus&quot; unit but nevertheless it was amazing. It contained a full kitchen with appliances, dishes, pots and pans, utensils and the works. There was also a stack washer/dryer in a pantry cabinet. The living room contained a fold out sofa that was very comfortable to sit on, an easy chair, plasma tv (52&quot;?), and Bose theatre surround sound. The dining area which is between the open living area and kitchen area was very nice. The bedroom had a king size bed with a very comfortable mattress, full dresser, large TV and an easy chair. Just off to the side of the bedroom was a large jacuzzi tub and full closet with a safe. The bathroom was very pretty with great lighting. The shower had multiple shower heads, good pressure and instant hot water. There was a large vanity top and drawers and nooks to store your bathroom items. Because we rented this unit on a nightly basis and are members of HGVC we did not receive housekeeping services which was not unexpected. This is only done during full week stays where you receive housekeeping service in the middle of the stay. It wasn't a problem as we were barely in the room anyway and didn't cook or make any messes to be cleaned up. So I have no comment about the housekeeping other than to say that the room was spotless when we checked in.The front desk staff was very polite when checking in and checking out. We used one of the hot tubs on the first evening we were there and it was very nice. We never used the pool. Possibly my only complaint which is only a minor complaint also is that the line for the deli/convenience store in the mornings was ridiculous. We learned to pick up a muffin for breakfast the evening before to avoid the morning rush. They may need more help there in the mornings. The other times of the days that we were there it was no problem. Given a choice, I would still prefer to stay at the Flamingo HGVC because of the location but this property is really beautiful.	
Sep 24 2006 	Great for families	We were two families and stayed there for two nights. pro: Very clean and well kept. Attentive staff esp if you leave a tip for the housekeepers. The market store in the lobby is good. There was absolutely no pressure to buy time share.Probably best for families with small kids who want to stay away from the casino scene or expose the kids to the crowds there. We ended up getting a studio attached to a one bedroom and it became a two bedroom when the door was openned in between them.Con: noise from construction next door but was not a big deal except when in pool. The swimming pool was not shallow enough for small kids and was split in half . Instead of having a larger pool, there were two smaller ones. Overall, great place to stay with kids and would definitely consider it again.	
Sep 12 2006 	Fantastic! Outstanding!	So many other reviews already said it - this property is beautiful. We stayed in at studio king room which was larger than expected, had a mini bar, microwave, fridge, eating utensils, coffee maker (Starbucks drip coffee is provided), and even a blender for mixing cocktails, etc.! The bathroom towels were fluffy and soft and I loved the Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries! We loved the fact that there is NO casino in the hotel which makes this location extremely relaxing without that constant &quot;hum&quot; from the machines and heavy smoke. There truly is a resort feel here. All the staff was extremely pleasant and helpful, and contrary to some of the other reviews, we were not hounded to attend a timeshare presentation. However, we are certainly impressed with this location and if we decide to look into ownership, it would be here.We stayed 3 nights and we especially liked getting up each morning and going down to the hot tub/pool area to have morning coffee and a snack. We also had a quick lunch at the Nascar Cafe at the Sahara and spent time in the afternoons relaxing and swimming at our pool and enjoying the bar at the pool (the Bloody Marys were the absolute BEST we'd ever had - the asparagus spear was a nice touich.) Next time we visit we'll definitely stay at the HGV on the Strip, but we'll stop and do a little &quot;grocery&quot; shopping to stock up on water, beer, wine, snacks, etc. to keep in the room. The deli market is perfect for a quick bite, but buying snack items every day can add up.Later in the afternoon we'd walk across the street to the monorail station at the Sahara to ride all the way to the south end of the strip to MGM station and start &quot;casino hopping&quot; and making our way back. We took our time and spent HOURS on the strip - we gambled a bit, drank a bit, saw Jubilee!, ate at restaurants, shopped, drank some more, listened to some excellent hotel bands, etc., etc.! When we were ready we just hopped back on the monorail which was available until 3pm on weekends, and returned to our quiet resort. This hotel for us was just the best - close enough to the rowdy, glitzy part of the strip, but far enough to get away and relax. (Hint: buy the 10 ride pass for the monorail which makes the cost $3.50 a ride. The monorail is MUCH faster to get to the south end of the strip than the buses which stop several times along the way)This review is really getting way too long - but it's hard to convery how wonderful it is - my husband and I really loved it and highly recommend it to other couples and families - especially if you don't want to stay at a casino.PS - the hotel even offers a FREE laundry room which would be great when staying in the studios which don't have stacking washers/dryers.	
Sep 8 2006	Fantastic rooms	We specifically wanted to stay in a non-gambling hotel. I therefore had the expectation that it would be rather average compared to the gambling hotels. I was very pleasantly surprised, especially for the rate paid. We had a room in the newly completed Tower Two. I have never seen such a luxurious hotel kitchenette. It has a huge, modern oven and fridge, microwave, coffee maker and even a kettle for tea lovers, dishwasher, lovely worktop surface and also a concealed washing machine and a dryer – all the mod cons. The living area is ample with a flat screen tv and a very good sound system. The bedroom has a low partition wall behind which was a lovely, luxurious bathtub for two. The bathroom is very spacious and clean with a modern double shower. There is a deli on the basement floor to buy basic food, sandwiches, salads and Starbucks coffee etc. For a weekend stay, this should be fine, but it is a bit of a shame that there is no in-house restaurant for longer stays. I also observed a big fitness centre and a lounge with a pool table. The hotel also has a business room on the ground level. This particular Hilton Vacations Club (there are three in Vegas) is located on the strip, but not within walking distance of the well-known hotels. However, there is a frequent shuttle bus/trolley (charges a small fare, no change available - pay exact fare) that picks you up at the hotel and will take you up the strip with stops at all the main hotels. We also had no problem whatsoever to get a taxi to the airport when we left – one was summoned immediately, even though apparently 500 guests were checking out that morning and we read reviews that taxi’s could be hard to come by. For those in a hurry, there is also an express checkout option where you just drop off your room key. They were very flexible by giving us an additional hour for your check-out even though they were expecting a big intake of people that evening. I will highly recommend this hotel, especially Tower Two.	
Aug 31 2006 	Not bad at all	We can understand why people choose to go the timeshare route if they all looked like this. The location is good (away from casinos and traffic) and bad (far from casinos and action). The accommodations and facility is new and shiny. The service is calm and friendly. The valet parking could be improved with more drivers during busy times. No restaurant, but the pricey little food store provided the food fix we craved later in the evening. The pool was welcome relief in the 100-degree heat. Nice workout room. Kitchen and suite well equipped. Loved the washer and dryer in room. Not for everybody but great for families and friends staying together.	
Aug 25 2006 	Would make this my "regular" hotel in Vegas	This is a great hotel for non-gaming adults. You will enjoy the flat screen TV, mini kitchen and granite countertops. It is in a pretty good location - on the north end of the strip between Circus and Stratosphere. You will avoid the noise, kids (although there were families) and 2 mile hike through the lobby that many of the other hotels on the strip offer. FULL DISCLOSURE OF NEGATIVE IMPRESSIONS:There are 1 1/2 restaurants. One by the pool (which is very nice, btw) and a convenience store type restaurant downstairs. There are no fine dining options and/or a lot of variety in dining. This is the 1 true negative of the hotel. For me, this meant that you could not &quot;live&quot; in this hotel. You were compelled to venture out.Self-park can be limited - forcing you to pay the daily valet charge ($6). I did not personally experience this, but it is clear that the rooms outnumber the parking spaces. Still, I thought this was a great hotel at a good price and I only observed a couple of alternative hotels that would tempt me away.	
Aug 20 2006 	perfect for the family	We loved this hotel. We stayed in a one bedroom suite. We had three rooms. All the suites were roomy and well kept. The staff was super friendly to us. The kids loved the pool. It was nice that it was a little further up the strip so it was quiet at night and for the kids' naps. I would definitely recommend this property for families, especially ones with little kids. We all had a fabulous time.	
Aug 19 2006 	Needs Work	We just arrived last night, August 18,2006. We have a one bedroom suite which is furnished and decorated nicely and is very clean. Staff is friendly and polite. However:Check in was VERY slow. First they couldn't find our name and then, once found, the clerk dissapeared for several minutes without excusing herself or apologizing for leeaving us standing there.The wide screen tv is operated though BOSE system but if you don't know that it's impossible to turn the t.v..on. The technicain who came and showed us said he had been through this well over 100 times and that they are &quot;working on&quot; a guide?? How hard would it be to just put a note by the tv? The desk clerk could have informed us upon check in.There is High Speed internet and WIFI in each room but you need a password for HI SPEED which I had to call downstairs to obtain. Again, this should be provided upon check in OR noted in the internet information. We are still trying to get the WIFI configured.The nicely appointed bathroom has interesting light fixtures: To turn the lights on you put the switches DOWN and to turn them off you put the switches UP.You know each phone has a button for the valet only you can't call ahead and order your car. That button does nothing- and of course nobody advised us ahead of time. Also-most places do not charge for valet parking-it's $6.00 -we used the parking lot.Not sure about this-we may have been doing something wrong-but appears to be no way to enter the hotel from the parking lot without walking all the way around the buidings.There is another Hilton property (Near the hotel with the Star Trek experience-name escapes me) where we stayed before and we made this trip in order to compare the two.I would not buy a timeshare here unless it was free. There is simply no comparison between the two except maybe the furnishings. If I had to choose right now, I would NOT waste my money here. The investment is hardly worth it.If they can't get the small things right, you KNOW the big things have already got problems. They had their opportunity to make a first impression-they didn't measure up. Granted this is only one day in-but I truly would like to leave in the morning.	
Aug 17 2006 	Walk a Mile to Eat??	There is no true restaurant here, and they tell you to walk &quot;two blocks&quot; down the strip to across from the Stardust Casino for a good restaurant, not owned by the hotel. But that distance really is half a mile, based on my rent car odometer door to door--they lie. So a meal requires at least a one mile round trip on foot, unless you settle for a sandwich at the hotel. How good is a hotel with no restuarant and located not near any restaurant? Not good in my book. Also, there were plumbing issues, and the wake-up call system failed me.	
Jul 18 2006 	Excellent stay	I spent two nights the HGV Club on the Strip. Overall my stay was very good.Rooms: We came here on business and got a rate of $79 during the week, $103 on Friday night. My colleagues (no status) did not get an upgrade, but were in Tower 2 (the newer tower). Their rooms were nice, a bit small, but with a fridge, microwave, and sink and plates, cups, etc. As a Diamond, I received an upgrade to a 2-room suite with jacuzzi tub and full kitchen in Tower 1. Amenities: The pool was spectacular (there was a bunch of pools with hot tubs as well). The workout room was outstanding -- lots of equipment and plasma TVs everywhere. There was also a game room with pool tables (I didn't go). There's a store/cafe on the property that had a lot of stuff (albeit expensive), but you could get sandwiches, beer, wine, salads, breakfast, etc. It was open until midnight. There was also a room service option.Location: As you might guess, there's a ton of construction going on around this area. It nevered bothered me at night or during the morning. However, a the pool around 9 AM, it was a bit noisy. There were a lot of families, but also a lot of young girls running around in tiny shorts. So it was a nice mix. :) You're pretty far north on the Strip, but the area was fine otherwise.HHonors Benefit (Diamond): Aside from the room upgrade, I was given a slip of paper at check in and told to bring it to the welcome desk. I was given a $10 cetificate that could be used at breakfast in the Marketplace downstairs. You could use it to get any items (I got a big bottle of water, egg/sausage/cheese mcmuffin, and chocolate chip muffin). I was surprised that the first night, I had turndown service where they left a robe, two bottles of water, and a box of chocolate truffles in the room. It was quite nice. Nothing the second night, though.Overall, this place was great. No casino, but very classy. As a HHonors Diamond, I was treated quite well. I'd stay here again very easily.	
Jul 17 2006	looks just like the pictures no suprise very new	My husband and I stayed and the HGV on the strip for a week in July and we loved it. We brought our 2 year old son and the whole trip was wonderful. I was so impressed with the quality of the room it looked better than the pictures and was very comfortable. I slept one night on the couch bed watching a movie and it was just as comfortable as our bedroom bed. They are decorated very classy and have wonderful linens. The Bar at the pool serves food and that was nice. The Marketplace store was not as outrageously priced as I expected. One great thing about staying here was we washed all our clothes in the room and went home with all clean laundry. We had a rental car but we walked to Sahara, Riviera and Circus Circus because there was not gaming at the HGV. We will stay here again and hopeful stay at other HIlton Grand Vacations if they are all this nice.	
Jul 12 2006	thumbs up!	We stayed in a three bedroom unit which overlooked the strip. The unit was nicely furnished and tastefuly decorated. There were down pillows and comforters on the beds, plasma TV's in two of the rooms, and a well equipped kitchen. The valets were prompt and curteous, and the front desk staff was helpful. The pool area was clean and there were plenty of chairs and towels. The kids had a great time playing volleyball in the pool, and I had a great time enjoying the pool area which was not crowded at all. The location of the hotel was terrific if you do not want to be in the thick of the casino scene. We enjoyed being able to take a short drive to the major casino's and shows but then leaving all the crowds behind when it was time to go in for the night. It was also a plus not having to walk through a casino to get to the pool, and also not to have to walk and walk and walk and finally arrive at the pool only to have no free chairs....(uh MGM Grand). The construction going on next to the Hilton didn't bother us at all but we were in tower two which was not right next to it. My only complaint was how difficult it was to work the TV/DVD/stereo with the worlds most complicated remote. While the electronic equipment was top notch, we really could have used a users manual of some sort. Twice we managed to make the TV stop working and had to call engineering to help us out. Thankfully the were fast and able to get the TV going again with little challenge. We would definately stay at this property again if we ever go to Las Vegas in the future.	
Jul 9 2006	Great Facility BAD SERVICE	Let me first start by saying that the property is beautiful. It looks brand new which is pretty much is. The pool is very pretty and had about 3-4 hot tubs. There are always chairs by the pooll somewhere, and if you are an adult I would reccomend sitting by the hottuibs, its less quiet and not many children. One bad thing about the pool is there are a lot of kids that stay here and they splash and its not to relaxing. The life gaurds are no help they look like they are sleeping half the time. So now the bad part. We checked in on a Sunday at around 5:00pm, we were the second people on line and there were about 5 employees helping other people and it took us a half hour to get help. When we get to the counter we find out the room we reuqested and then promised was available. We wanted to be in the new wing and were told we were going to be in there. Then we were told we would get a view of the Strip and we didnt so then we had to move. When another person with me complained they were rude and inconsiderate, she asked another guest where he got his huge beer and the employee told her well he got it free because he was patient, implying that she was not.Then in the new room the TV remote wasnt working so we called to get it fixed noone ever came, at that point we complained to the manager and they gave us free buffet at there other property (which wasnt too good to say the least).I wouldnt ask any of the people at the front desk for help people they are just RUDE!! I asked them to check into my flight for me and they didnt want to do it 24 hours in advance they wanted to wait another house, but anyony who flies southwest knows its not assigned seating and checking in 24 hours exactly will get an A well the lady didnt want to hear that, so I wound up paying almost $15.00 to use and print from there computers!!! A good thing is there is no casino so there isnt anything to be tempted by. Also there are 2 dfferent free shuttles, we had a car and didnt use them but we saw them often. This is a good place for kids because its smoke free in common areas.	
Jun 19 2006	Perfect for families with little ones	If you are looking for a non-smoking, casinoless, easy in, easy out, spacious, clean, friendly staffed atmosphere, stay here. We went for 4 nights and the kids loved it. We had low sightseeing ambitions and relaxed at the hotel for the most part. The kids were content playing at the pool most of the time. There are many areas to swim in and four hot tubs. There were TVs in every room, accomodating kitchen, comfortable crib, easy to use high chairs, and friendly staff. You don't have to wander through a casino in your swimsuit for thousands to see as you try to find the pool (MGM, Mirage, Circus Circus, etc. are set up like this). This is a easy in and out hotel. If you forget something, you can run up to your room in less than a minute to get it. Just what every family with young ones needs for a more relaxing vacation.	
Jun 14 2006 	Hilton Grand Vacations - Good for Business Trips	LocationOn Karen Avenue/Paradise Road a couple of (parallel) blocks from Circus Circus / Sahara. Not too far from the Stratosphere although a substantial hike to New York, New York or downtown. Handy for the convention centre. Although the Las Vegas Hilton is easy to spot, the Grand Vacations are tucked behind one of the multi-story car parks that serve both hotels. Major constructions are taking place close to the hotel although this did not disturb the my time here (from 10pm to 6am for a couple of nights).Facilities/RoomsThis is not a resort hotel (a requirement of company policy for some folk) and has been geared to a different, mainly business, market.Rooms are standard business size with fridge, microwave, toaster, coffee facilities and enough pots/pans/cutlery for those that need to do a limited amount of self catering. My room was clean and well presented and afforded a nice view of the sunrise through the mountains. If you are coming from Eastern Time, you'll probably catch this! Hotel has a nice pool area, not too overwhelming, which looked in good order. They provide a free outside grill should you happen to have packed your sausages. The hotel has a deli/shop for your immediate needs but does not have any restaurant facilities. Definately no free lunch (or free breakfast) here.Very small business centre ( one PC, minimum $5 charge) but free wi-fi.ServiceNo queue at the desk and good sevice - my request for a quiet room away from elevators, ice machines and conctruction was met with minimum fuss.PriceI paid $80 per night through company travel web site.OverallNo complaints and, providing the price was right, I would use again.	
May 25 2006	Great Location - New Property	We stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club on the Las Vegas Strip in May 2006.Rooms: The property in new and beautiful. Our room had microwave, mini fridge, coffee make, dishes and utensils. The adjoining room (our friends were in it) included a whirlpool tub, full kitchen, big screen TV and a Bose sound system. They were very tastefully decorated ( exactly as pictured on the trip advisor site)Amenities: There is a small game room, computer access ( for a charge), a small health club ( its so small I cant imagine anyone being able to take anything without being caught). The pools are very nice and offer plenty of seating. There is a deli in the lower level with drinks, snacks and sandwiches.Staff: I had minimal contact with the staff, but they generally seem moderately friendly. The one exception was the pool staff, everyone at the pool went out of their way to greet you and make sure you had everything you needed. We had a very minor room issue, the maintenance staff took care of it immediately and were very nice about it. Gambling: Its located on the strip, there is no casino which I think is a big plus, and is a 5 minute walk to Circus Circus, but walk the additional 5 mins to the new Wynn, its well worth the trip.	
May 21 2006 	Mixed Feelings	We stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club on the Las Vegas Strip from May 14, 2006 to May 19, 2006. We stayed in the one bedroom suite which was clean, comfortable and a view of the pool. Other than two incidents, our stay was wonderful.The two incidents were:1) During our stay we used the gym at the hotel which was excellent. While using the equipment, I went to the water cooler for some water and left my Ipod Shuffle on the machine that I intended to keep using and within those couple of minutes, someone stole my Ipod. The fact that someone had the gall to steal it that quick wasn't the only disappointment. I called the front desk who forwarded me to an answering machine for lost and found. I never received a call back. My husband went to the front desk and they wouldn't take our information down incase someone had a change of heart and turn it in.I went down the next day and asked if they could check their cameras in the gym to see if we can find out who took it and the guy (I won't say his name) said they didn't have time to do that. We checked out yesterday and still no Ipod. I called again today 5/20/06, was transferred to the lost and found answering machine again and still no call back.2) Because we are not 'owners' someone calls everyday to try and set you up for an appointment. Because we have several friends that are 'owners' we were planning on joining also but after the uncaring attitude (not even, 'I'm sorry your Ipod was stolen from our gym') and no call back we have decided to go with another timeshare and will advise our friends that are 'owners' of what happen.Again, the hotel itself is very nice and I would recommend it BUT do not expect the entire staff to be helpful like the bigger hotels on the strip.	
May 10 2006	Excellent non-casino "hotel" on the Strip	We just returned from a 3 day/2 night &quot;getaway&quot; to the HGVC on the Las Vegas Strip. Great for families. This is a high quality hotel but not a typical Hilton. Bed and Bedding were not typical high quality Hilton...but were comfortable. Everything else seemed to by of high Hilton standards (except for the cheap silverware). We own three timeshare weeks aleady and were interested in experiencing thie Hilton version. I wiould plave this probably third behing Westin/Starwood and Marriott. The workout room, however, was the best I have seen at a timeshare. I would highly recommend this to anyone seeking a great non-casino hotel on the strip. I liked the fact that is was next to Circus Circus (family stuff) and on the quiet end of the strip.	
May 1 2006 	Great hotel without the Vegas feel	I stayed here on business in April. The hotel was very nice and clean. I would not recommend the hotel if you are looking for the Vegas experience. If so...I would recommend one of the main hotels (Mirage, Bellagio, Mandalay, Venetian, etc) on the strip. This is a really great hotel if you are a family or there on business. My only complaint is that I had trouble catching a cab in the mornings to get to my destination. The wait could take up to 30 minutes...Im not sure if this was because I was there during the week? My other complaint is the rooms were pretty noisy between the thin walls and the fact that there was a lot of construction going on. But overall I really enjoyed my stay!	
Apr 21 2006	Not bad not great	My husband and I stayed at the HGVC over Easter. We reserved a one bedroom suite. I'm a HHonors Diamond member, and usually get upgraded, or at least some amenities in my room. At this hotel, my status meant nothing.The room was OK -- really, pretty small. It was updated and had a DVD player, which is nice. There was only one suiitcase holder, so we had to use a chair for mine.The hotel was pretty quiet. I've stayed at hotels on the strip, and had bad experiences with drunk, arguing couples going at it all night. So, it was nice to find some quiet in Vegas.There is no restaurant, but they do have a place you can buy wine, sandwiches, and get coffee. They advertise that they serve Starbucks. They didn't know what a latte was, and my husband had to explain it to them. It was the worst coffee I've ever had. They had a panini maker, and I asked for a vegetarian panini, but the deli clerk looked at me like I was crazy, and had no idea what I was talking about. I give them an F for service and quality.They have a gym there. It is very clean, but the machines are not great quality.I stayed there to accumulate points, but I think I'd try somewhere else next time.	
Apr 18 2006	Perfect for a family	We were in Vegas for a wedding with a 5 week old baby. It was the perfect room (1 br suite) with the full kitchen and a sofa-bed for my mother. The room was large and much nicer than I expected, more like an upscale apartment. We would have been comfortable for a week's stay, but only needed 2 nights. I didn't visit the pool but it looked gorgeous from above. The lobby and hallways were quiet and smoke-free, unlike many hotels with casinos that we visited. I was glad we chose this resort for my sanity as a new mom.	
Apr 11 2006	Beautiful Rooms	We stayed in a 3 bedroom for a week with another family. The rooms were beautiful with a great view of the city. The only trouble we had was we could hear some of the construction going on next store.	
Apr 11 2006 	Very good value note location	Pro: Rooms equiv to upper end Hilton, very nice. Very good value - rooms from $130ishCon: This is not a hotel. Hilton gold/dia travelers: you will miss the lack of upgrades, newspaper, breakfast, towers/exec lounge and presence of any restaurant on property.Very good food 24/7 at the Peppermill across street. Be aware of location at N end of strip away from newer casio properties if you are planning a vegas wknd. 1 mile walk S to N edge of newer strip area (TI/Mirage). Found location to be immaterial as business traveler. I thought this was a hotel, my mistake not fault of property. Very satisfied.Construction on neighboring tower continues 24 hours, audible from facing rooms 24 hrs.	
Apr 6 2006	Oasis in the middle of nowhere	I am a Hilton honors member and we went here for the weekend. A very beautiful resort - if you plan on staying in your room all day and night. The location is so far away from everything, it doesn't warrant staying here as you can't get back to the room during the day as it is not centrally located to anything. Also, the timeshare salespeople were rude to us when he realized we weren't buying anything telling us he can't have too many people decline or his boss will get mad at him.Lastly, the constuction noise next door kept me awake all night - very noisy.Would pick their different location next time.	
Apr 4 2006	Great For Upscale Vacation	This is a great hotel. I stayed here the last week of March 2006 with my wife Julie. This is a high quality facility with great rooms. We had a one-bedroom villa. Great master bedroom, king bed, spacious bathroom and very nice living room. I will get my only negatives out of the way first. It is on the far end of the Las Vegas strip. If you are looking to visit the high-end casino's and the better entertainment, you are going to have to travel a bit. The casino's in the area of this HGVC hotel are the older run-down operations like Circus-Circus, Riviera, Sahara, StarDust &amp; Slots-of-Fun. I like the ability to gamble if I can't sleep at 2am, and I was kind of stuck when that desire hit me one night since there isn't a decent casino close by. Anyway, the positives here far outweigh the negatives. In addition to great rooms the pool is superb and they have a great health/fitness room for those who like to work out. A new tower is scheduled to open around July. I have no reservations in giving this facility the highest rating. It is well worth looking into for your next vacation.	
Apr 4 2006	A true pleasure	We stayed at the HGVC on the strip from 3/27-3/31. We checked in the hotel at 4PM. We were on the 20th floor. There is a new Luxury condo being built near right next to the HGVC. Contraction is on going Mon-Fri. But who cares about some banging next door, you’re in Vegas. Both pools were open and the pool bar was open as well. The pool bar opened at 11am and closed at 6:30pm. The rooms were comfortable. The staff was very helpful. The location of the HGVAC is less than a quarter mile from Circus Circus and even less then that for the Sahara. HGVAC offers valet service but there is plenty of parking out back. Also the front desk was able to print up our boarding passes for Southwest Airlines. If you travel with Southwest this can be very helpful. The grocery store downstairs has a very large selection but it is over priced. We were only asked once about viewing a timeshare and that was at check-in, we declined. It helps to have a car if you are staying at HGVC or you can take taxis. I would highly recommend staying here.	
Apr 3 2006 	Overall nice-with only a few issues	I have just returned from a week at the Hilton Grand Vacations Resort on the Strip. This was the second time I stayed here. I was given a studio room facing the strip. Overall the room was very nice. I really liked the bath amenities which were not the usual Neutrogena crap. The room had a microwave and small refrigerator. The only complaint with the room I had was it never seemed like it was thoroughly cleaned . Maybe it was the fact I wasn't leaving a tip, but that shouldn't matter.For parking you can either use the valet and pay $6 per day or use the free self park which is on the back side of the hotel. There is also a very nice deli/grocery store and gym in the lower level of the hotel. I didn't use the pool because the weather was cold, but it looked beautiful.My advice to everyone is to not take the information session about ownership. It's a high pressured sales tour which explains the benefits of time share. As incentive you get $75 in casino chips valid at the Las Vegas Hilton. It's an hour and half of a pushy salesman, who gets nasty when you say &quot;no&quot; at the end. Judging from his large diamond ring, and the bleached teeth, you tell me who makes out.	
Apr 2 2006	Hilton Grand Vacations - Las Vegas Strip - Wonderful	I stayed at the HGV during spring break week (March, 2006)and I have to say that this hotel is WONDERFUL !! There is a little construction at this hotel however, it did not bother me one bit. I stayed at the HGV at the Hilton Hotel last year and this hotel is two steps above. When you first enter this hotel's lobby you can tell that you are not in Kansas anymore. The room I had was a one bedroom suite with a jacuzzi tub. This suite reminded me of a one bedrooom apartment. It had a full kitchen, washing machine and dryer, living room area, dining room area, large screen television with boise sound system in the living room, another televsion in the bedroom, stand up shower and the ever luxurious jacuzzi tub. When I first arrived at the HGV on the strip I felt that it was too far from all the night life. This hotel is located on the end of the strip next to Circus Circus. But after one day I realized that it didn't matter where I was located on the strip. This hotel does not have a casino which may be a minus for some travelers. It did not bother me since I am not much of a gambler. The pool was nice, the deli was perfect for a quick breakfast or a late night snack. All in all I would have to say that this hotel well definitely see me again real soon.	
Mar 19 2006	Great Bargain - Great Place!	One of the nicest places we've stayed...anywhere! Huge apartment-style 2-room suite, very new and clean. Excellent price, all the amenities with full kitchen and jacuzzi tub. On the north end of the strip, so you have to walk or take the bus (reasonable and easy to catch in front of the hotel - I recommend the $5 pass for 24 hrs.) This place even had a washer and dryer in the room(s). We were here for a week for a convention (close enough to Hilton Convention Center to walk)and will definitely stay here again anytime we are in Vegas. Enjoyed the quiet atmosphere of not staying in a hotel with a casino attached. Although it was too cool to use the pool area, it was beautiful and we had a perfect view of it from our room. Perhaps the only drawback is that here is no restaurant in the facility. Arriving after midnight, we had to search around for a place nearby to eat (Ihop is closest 24 hr. palce - about 4-5 blocks north). The business center and the small food/sundries shop (open til 11 or 12 pm) were handy. Staff were all very friendly and helpful. No pressure to purchase in this timeshare facility. There is a lot of construction near the hotel property, but it did not interfere with our stay in any way.	
Dec 10 2005	Lovely accomodations	We are HGVC members but this is the first time I have stayed at this location. 2 bedroom unit is very attractive with all the necessary amenities. Washer/dryer nicely hidden in kitchen area. Granite countertops and overall attractive decor.Location is just at the end of the main strip. Check in was very smooth and everyone very friendly. Yes, this is a timeshare and you may be asked if you are interested. No one has bothered us. They left a message on the phone if we were interested on getting more information. That was it, no hasseling. There is construction going on next to us so I was sure to ask for a room that wasn't near the construction. Remember, much of Vegas is under construction constantly.If you are looking for a family friendly location that has NO gambling on site this is a good choice.Views are lovely out all windows, even though you will see some construction.We stayed at the Paris last time we were here because HGVC picked up the tab. My husband has stayed at The Bellagio, Caesars, and Bally's. They are very convenient and close to all the action. For us this place is perfect because our out of pocket expensive is very little and the accomodations are great.We will stay here again and again.	
Nov 8 2005	Very nice hotel	Took my entire family to the HGVC on the Strip and couldn't have been more pleased. Rooms were beautiful and the staff was very friendly and helpful. It is a little far north on the strip but you can catch the monorail right across the street at the Sahara. It was also really nice to walk right into the hotel and not feel like you needed a map just to find the elevators like so many of the monster hotels in Vegas.	
Sep 21 2005	Don't bother	We took the grand tour for the low price and the pitch by a very competent salesman. Yet, for the price, even if we had extra money to throw away, we could not bring ourselves to stay in Hiltons all over the world. THEY ALL PRETTY MUCH LOOK THE SAME! And to be pampered, to dine in exotic restaurants, to luxuriate in wonderful bedding, I couldn't find that kind of service in a hilton. We did the math and overall it did not give us a bargain. You really have to do the math. Maybe it would be okay for those families that do not care where they stay. We do. We look forward to spend hard earned money in a 4 and 5 diamond resort. The Las Vegas condo was adequate in looks. Great kitchen set up. Our 30 yr old son nearly broke his back on the pull out sofa sleeper (no better than Motel 6) and our master bed was a close second. Every master bedroom has the jacuzzi bathtub sitting right there, which was unnerving and the only way I used it was to stand in it to look at the mirror to put on my makeup. It was the closest to a mirror I could get. Ridiculous. It does have a safe which was good. The bathroom (we requested) had an enclosed shower and I learned wherever you go to a Hilton, you must request that. The toliet seat was way too low, the water saver pressure ridiculous and one sink in the bathroom! So everybody had to take turns. Tile and granite nice. TV's second hand. You think its wide screen, well look again. Your eyes will cross. This was a low end purchase for sure. None of us had a good nights sleep and we will not go back.	
Sep 9 2005	Very Nice Hotel	The check-in went quick. (they accommodated a 10:30 AM check-in) The rooms were spacious and beautiful with absolutely everything you needed. The pool area was well maintained and adequate. There was always a chair available poolside and it was labor day weekend. No 20-somethings waking up at 6 am saving a chair and then going back to bed! The only bad things I can say is that you have to sit through a time-share sales meeting and that it is too far north on the strip. We had to take a lot of cabs. We were pleasantly surprised.	
Sep 5 2005 	Terrible management not a "Hotel" - just selling timeshares	If you want to stay at a hotel - don't stay here! The management is more interested in selling timeshares than in providing hotel amenitites and services. I asked for shampoo and it took 2 days to get 1 small bottle, I asked for assistance with the internet - no one called back. I was quoted one rate verbally that was not honored when I checked out. The pool area was dirty and the lounge chairs were soiled and ripped. With all-night construction on the ground near by, be prepared to stay on the upper floors or you will get no sleep!It is too bad that the place is such a disaster already - they are still building most of it!!Aside from the problems mentioned, the property itself is okay - it is new, my room was in good working order, and the elevators are fast. I am giving it two stars in the hopes that the management issues could be resolved.	
Aug 29 2005	Nice facility terrible management	I did the timeshare tour at a rate of about $79 a night. The room was very nice, with a mediocre view of the strip. They are at the end of the strip and there isn't much there. I had a number of problems with the management and other guests mentioned to me that they had problems as well. The computers in their business center weren't working and when I reported this to the front desk they told me &quot;I don't care&quot; and told me to call the internet provider they use to get a refund and report the problem (they wouldn't lift a finger to help.) The timeshare sales representative that I spoke to was pretty rude, he made it clear that he was only interested in talking to me if I was prepared to buy that day (they wouldn't give any time to think about it.) And finally they wouldn't give us a late checkout, their checkout time is 10:00am in vegas of all places. I believe these timeshares run between $20k-30k for the low end, and with service like this it isn't worth it. (I never got a quote since they didn't want to talk to me.) I would not purchase a timeshare here, invest your money elsewhere.	
Aug 16 2005	worked for us!	We just came back from our first stay at a Hilton Vacation Club. Since we are Marriott Timeshare owners we were offered this stay as an attempt to sway us to buy time here. We were not dissapointed. The Hilton is a nice timeshare located close to everything on the strip. The rooms are very nice for families. I would not recommend this property to anyone who hasn't visited Las Vegas before, or who is not used to a timeshare resort. This property is on the small side for a resort, and the pool area is a little small as well, however the resort is new and still in the process of expansion. Everything in the rooms is new and decorated well. Our 1 bedroom was the perfect size for a family of 5. We were treated well from all the staff from the moment we arrived to when we left. We have nothing but good things to say, we are considering purchasing another week through Hilton. So, all in all It worked for us!	
Jul 20 2005	The Best!	We were treated with a lot of respect. Our room was clean, and the immenities were above our expectations. We were extremely comfortable, the bell hops and the manager on duty were exceptional. We would stay there again!	
Jul 14 2005	never again	I am an owner of Hilton Grand Vacation Club and every year I vacation in Las Vegas with my family. This was the first and last time I will stay at this property!! The Hotel and front desk staff are excellent considering how my vacation went. I thought since I had never stayed at this property before that it would be nice to experience it and see if it lives up to the other Hilton propertys I stayed at. I assure you it does not. I was there for 9 days. I arrived on 07/03/05, I parked in the valet parking-handicap because my guest was in a wheel chair and had a handicap sticker and the front desk said the valet would be the best place to park. Well the very next day I noticed that the overhead compartment on my van was broken! and the contents was directly beneath it in between the 2 front seats and my CA driver licence was missing! I reported it to the front desk and they made sure to advise me that the valet doesnt work for Hilton, they are contracted to run the valet service so they are not responsible for the vandelisim on my van. I filled out a damage report for the valet company which is Las Vegas Parking Inc. I'm still waiting for the owner John Reilly to get back to me, But the valet supervisor said that Mr Reilly said he couldnt do anything about it. Needless to say I will definitly be taking other steps. They could have at least said, &quot; heres $24.00 for your driver license and $2.00 for a bottle of super glue&quot; they would have at least taken responsiblity, not only that I struggled with to take down the wheel chair and put it back in the van all the while the guys in valet were watching, I was very disgusted with their lack of help, of course after filing out the damage report and talking to the head of security for Hilton, they actually went out of there way to help me, I think is pretty sad when the only time they'll help is when someone is lodging a complaint of vandelisim to their vechile. Aside from that drama, the pool area was severly understaffed. At about 6 or 7pm they would close 1 of the pools because of staffing problems according to 1 of there lifeguards. With the hotel full and over 100 degree whether, this was very annoying. To add to that, the bar-b-que area had no umbrella tables with chairs to eat on. There were quite a few disgruntled people because of that, also they rented out the bar-b-que area twice during my visit to a wedding party and 2 days later to a family reunion, both parties consisting of about 40 people. Of course both days we were bar-b-queing ourselves and and the families felt because they were paying for the area we should move!! I saw the the bell hops bring luggage carts with food and drinks for both families, amazing, since you couldnt get these people to help with the luggage when you check in or out. Also, no bottles in the pool area...yeah right! Feed the security guards and they will turn their heads to the whole thing. All in all as an owner I was very disgusted with the way this property was run. Although the 2 bdrm suite we had was great, all the good never out weighed the bad. I will only stay at the other 2 properties from now on and if they dont have availablity then I will change my vacation dates but I will never stay at this property again. There is alot more to add but I get to upset just thinking about it.	
Jul 12 2005	Can't Get Much Better!	Nothing but wonderful things to say about the Hilton Grand Vacations Club on the Strip. Lovely king suite, plenty of room, completely furnished, jacuzzi, flat- wide- screen tv, fully furnished kitchen including dishes, pots, pans...everything needed for a lovely getaway...from home and the casinos! Parking was never a problem, always an available space. Even during the construction, there was never an issue of noise (get a room with a view of the pool, mountains, and south strip...spectacular!). I've stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Hilton in Vegas with my kids and although this visit was a &quot;ladies getaway&quot; HGVC is a GREAT place for families with kids!	
Jul 12 2005	Hmmm Just OK	Overall i found this hotel satisfactory but i think it was let down by some aspects. My Studio suite was just an average hotel room with a small kitchenette. My disappointment was actually mostly to do with the cleaning. The room seemed like it needed a good scrubbing. The bed was hastily made and the sheets were ripped. The room still smelt a bit funny from whatever the previous people had been eating/cooking. The batroom was nice if a little small, but again seemed like it needed cleaned. It was very dusty!I wouldn't say that it was enough to put me off staying here. Actually its a really nice resort and the pool area is lovely and the public areas also. Also the construction is not a problem at all. I rarely heard any noise and im a light sleeper!	
Jul 6 2005	Great hotel	I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. The front desk service was excellent and fast. I liked that there was no casino and no secondhand smoke in the lobby. The rooms have a nice decor which was hip and classy. The only problem that I had was that I specifically asked for a NON smoking room and I walked into the room and it was as if the carpet was the room's pores and the cigarette stench was oozing from the pores. It was disgusting. The hand towels in the bathrooms even smelled of cigarettes. I think the previous guests had smoked in there because the hallways which also use the same ventilation system did not smell of cigarettes. If people are going to smoke, book a non smoking room instead of being inconsiderate and killing those who don't want to die by death sticks and smoking in non smoking rooms. That was the only drawback, otherwise it's a nice hotel and I would stay there again.	
Jun 29 2005 	Great Hotel Just need to work on details	During our stay, we found the room (standard room with small kitchenette) to be very comfortable. We were located away from the construction side so we were not disturbed. The hotel and amenities (fitness, activites, grill, pool) were very nice. I would stay at this location again. Just a few quirks in the systems. Valet seemed under staffed. Sometimes we would get the car right away, sometimes they'd forget the key; on a few occasions, it just took too long. Housekeeping was either super or average. You could tell when your room had someone with lots of experience or just tried to get out quickly. One day the towels would be neatly displayed, the next simply placed on racks. the linens on the bed would be elaborately folded, the next day..just a standard tuck/fold. Breakfast delivery got mixed reviews as well. One time- right order, right time with free USATODAY. The next day, it was delivered an hour too early (we weren't even out of bed yet), coffee cup half full, one cream but way too many butter pats for one bagel, and NO paper. The next day, perfect again.Location was fine for walking during the day but would not recommend walking as a lone couple at night. Again, overall I would recommend the hotel	
Jun 6 2005	Nice Hotel. Loud Construction Next Door.	Very clean hotel. The pool area was nice, they also had a grill and bar by the pool. The food was good. The worst part of staying there was the constuction going on next door. My husband and I did not get much sleep because of this. I was awakened everyday at 5am and the last couple of nights they were working through the night. Like someone else said it is not the hotels fault because there is another hotel by the Arby's being built. I would stay at the hotel again once the construction is done.	
Jun 5 2005	Another great year at HGVC Flamingo!	Every year we stay a week at the HGVC Flamingo and every year it gets better! The best location on the strip. The facilities are always very clean and the service is always above and beyond. We've tried all 3 HGVC's in Vegas and we would highly recommend the HGVC Flamingo over the other 2 HGVC's!	
Jun 3 2005	We loved it	It is a great hotel, with great rooms, great pool! The construction next door was annoying in the am, but didn't keep us up. Very nice property! The plus of this hotel is that it is a retreat away from the casinos. If you want to be a part of the action 24/7 then this is not the place for you. If you want to party hard and come back to relax, it is a good choice. Cab rides are easy to catch, and the price to the Belligio are about $10 with tip. Watch out for the traffic during heavy times though! Tell the cab drivers to use the back roads and it isn't bad.The timeshare meeting was okay. It is low pressure, you can just tell them no, but they will take the entire 2 hours with you. The guy we had was actually really nice and made it bearable to sit through.	
May 30 2005	Graet Place	Great place to stay the rooms are large and the pool area is great. And yes the construction going on next door is very loud but all in all a very nice place.	
May 29 2005	Hotel was great but the construction was not	My family and I stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacations from May 21st until the 26th and overall the experience was positive EXCEPT for the all night construction next door. There is a condominium being built and they have a 24hour building permit so if your room is in the back facing the pool do not expect to get a restful nights sleep. Other than the construction the hotel was beautiful, our one bedroom suite was great and the gym and game rooms were terrific. Although the hotel is at the end of the stip we did not mind the location and having a rental car helped. I would suggest if you are staying here to try and get a room facing the street that looks out towards the Stratosphere Hotel as the construction on that side occurs only from dawn to dusk.	
May 25 2005 	Construction nextdoor kept me up all night	This hotel is lovely. However, do not stay there until the construction at the new &quot;Sky&quot; condo nextdoor is completed. In order to beat the heat of the day, the construction crews worked all night long. There was the lovely sound of a bulldozer backing up with it's &quot;beeping&quot; reverse sound until 1AM one night. Then construction began at 4:30 AM. For 5 days straight I was awoken to the sound ofmetal banging. It was terrible. While it was not the Hilton's fault, there were MANY guests down at the front desk complaining in the morning. There wasn't much they could do since the second tower of the hotel has not yet been completed and they ran out of rooms on the other side of the hotel.Nice place, just wait until the construction is done until you stay there.	
Apr 20 2005	Very pleasant stay	This new hotel is a pleasant quiet oasis on the Strip. It is actually a time-share hotel but we booked as a regular hotel. It is everything you would expect from a new Hilton. What makes it different from the 'normal' Strip hotel is that there is no bar, no casino and no restaurant but a convenient little 'market place' serves Starbucks coffee, breakfast sandwiches and great salads and sandwiches made fresh to order. Makes a great change from having to queue for hours for a table in a restaurant or take out bad junk food. Everymorning we picked up a latte and a muffin and sat by the pool having breakfast. Another evening we picked up a great prawn and dip and a bottle of wine and chilled out in our room. The one drawback is the distance from the happening-end of the strip - this is just about the last hotel on the strip towards Downtown. Traffic can be heavy heading to the attractions and it can be a long walk. Tip: the monorail which runs down to the main attractions is just across the road behind the Sahara Hotel - just head underneath and through the Sahara Hotel. Would recommend for families and couples wanting something a bit quieter.	
Apr 19 2005	Nice hotel Bad management	The rooms and hotel are very nice and clean. There was a mix up with our reservation. Even though we had an email confirmation of our reservation from Hilton's Honors the gentleman at the front desk still treated me as though I was wrong. He was very rude. The problem was taken care of but handled in a very unprofessional matter. I left two voice mail messages for the manager but have not heard back. By the way, I got the managers phone number from the card left in our room on her behalf. It states &quot;If you have any questions or comments, or if I can assist you in any way, please feel free to contact me at extension XXXXX.&quot; Like I said nice hotel, bad management.	
Mar 3 2005	Very Nice Option for Vegas	My wife and I just completed a four day stay at the HGV at the Strip. We reserved a one bedroom with jacuzzi for 140K Hilton points. The apartment comes with a full kitchen (fridge, ice maker, coffe maker, microwave, etc.). We were barely approached by the times share sales pitch. I assume that is because we are hilton honors VIP members and used points. Why buy when you can stay for free?The location is much better suited for a rental car as many other guests were waiting long periods on sat and sun for cabs. However, i find it refreshing not to be in casino all the time as not having to track through the casino to get to my room. Also, just to relax and have a little quiet and peace. I would recommend this location with a rental car as all the hotels have free parking. We spent time at the bellagio, MGM, Mirage, NYNY, and Ceasars either by walking or driving. Also, the best steakhouse is next door at Circus Circus (The Steakhouse).Have fun..and don't buy as it leaves more space for people like me to use points...	
Mar 2 2005	Great for the Price	This hotel is a Time share Hotel. The 1 Bedroom we stayed in was clean new and roomy. If you can handle the time share sales pitch then this is a must stay VS. a cheap Vegas hotel. Make sure you rent a car because all hotels on the strip have free valet and this property is located somewhat away from the action but not too far. At the time I am writing this there is 1 of 4 towers built. Also keep in mind that if you want to cook go out to the local supermarket you will pay $$$$$ at the store in the hotel.Only drawback is there is no Casino in the lobby. Enjoy your stay and dont buy a timeshare.	
Feb 16 2005	Nice place terrible management	My wife and I stayed there for a long weekend in July 2004. We had reserved a 1 bedroom penthouse unit that was supposed to have a jacuzzi tub and a &quot;view of the strip.&quot; Due to a fiasco at the airport we arrived at about 1a. I had called several hours before to make sure our room was held and the hotel staff assured me that it would be.When we got to our room, we immediately noticed that we had a view of downtown Vegas...not the strip. Then my wife made a comment that that kitchen counter seemed low. Walking into the bathroom cleared up the confusion. They had put us into a handicap accessible unit. All of the counters were low. The jacuzzi tub and walk in shower had been replaced with an accessible tub/shower combo. Irritated, I tried to call the front desk and did not get an answer. I then walked down the front desk, calmly explained the situation and asked to moved to the room we had reserved. The man at the counter immediately told me &quot;no.&quot; I asked to speak with the manager, he told me there wasn't anyone available. This went on for a while, until he finally found a room for us on a lower floor. We finally settled into our room about 3 hours after arrival.The next morning, I went down to the front desk at about 8p to speak with the manager. No luck. Since we had booked this room through HGVC, I wanted to make sure that our points were reimbursed from the penthouse suite and that we were charge accurately. I was told that the manager would call my cell phone later in the morning. I never got a call.That evening, I tried again to contact the manager. No luck. I was once again told that I would receive a phone call. I never did.This went on for three days and I was never able to speak with the manager.On our return, I called HGVC to complain. It took them three days to make contact with the onsite manager to verify what had happened and my points were refunded. The total lack of concern for a guests stay was apparent with the management.We also tried to use the Concierge during our stay. We wanted a restaurant recommendation and told him price range and the kind of food that we wanted. He looked at us completely dumbfounded, pulled out the yellow pages (I'm not kidding) and started pointing at the different ads. Since we already had a couple of ideas for a restaurant, I asked him to make a particular reservation. He told us that he didn't have the number, but we were welcome to look it up in his phone book. Customer service is definitely not their motto here.	
Feb 14 2005	One Bed Villa Rooms Par 5* Strip Hotels For Fraction of the Price	I was really impressed with this property.Having stayed at Paris last time in Vegas, I decided to save my pennies for the shows and found a rate on the Hilton Website for $76/night for a standard room. Received 12% off macy's voucher for use at the Fashion Show Mall.I was initially disappointed as I thought I was staying at the HGV Club at the Hilton Flamingo, which has a much more central location. This HGV property is almost opposite Sahara, so a good distance north from the centre of the strip.A rental car would be a great option if staying here, but I walked to Luxor from here (25 minutes) and cabbed to Caesar's ($10) but also the municipal bus is regular from right outside the door at just $1.25 and the new monorail can be ridden from the Las Vegas Hilton for $3 so you have plenty of options for transport.The property is under a year old, and well presented throughout. My standard room boasted a DVD player, CD player well stocked kitchen and a great bathroom with stone flooring and plenty of towels.As a Hilton Gold Card holder, I received a $10 voucher for use in the deli on the ground floor, and special truffle chocolates with turndown service (which has to be requested).The outdoor pool was sizeable, gym had plenty of good quality cardio equipment, a pleasant recreation room adjacent. Washers and Dryers are free, with detergent (and most other essentials) available in the deli.If you want to hook up your laptop to the complimentary hi-speed internet system in your room you must remember to bring your data cable as this is not provided and is offered for purchase at the Vegas Price of $12.95 (!) in the deli. Otherwise free WiFi works well on floors 1 and 2.Note my requested wake up call did not happen, so it is not to be relied upon. The night before departure I requested a van service to the Airport which cost $4.95/person and was courteous and on time. The cab on arrival cost $22 from the airport.In summary, a great new non-casino property, slightly away from the action but not insurmountably so. Rooms rival some of the five star properties for facilities, and the larger studio rooms are on a par with suites at the best hotels on the strip, for a fraction of the cost. With kitchen and laundry facilities, this is particularly good for long term stays.	
Jan 20 2005	On the Strip; Away from the Noise	I stayed in a one-bedroom &quot;villa&quot; suite in January 2005. The room was large and lovely, having a welcoming foyer; a large living room with a convertible sofa, armchair and ottoman; dining area for four; full kitchen; huge bedroom with a king-size bed, armchair, ottoman and armoire; extra-large bathroom and a jacuzzi tub. The mirrors placed throughout made the large suite even more spacious and light. Speaking of light, the lamps and fixtures were varied and ample, allowing for ever-changing mood and functional lighting. The kitchen has everything you need--really!--from top-of-the-line full-sized appliances to utensils and dinnerware to gorgeous granite countertops. This is not a 'kitchenette' with a tiny cubical fridge and a microwave--it is actually better than my own kitchen! The cabinets and drawers are chock-full of kitchenware, and there is a dishwasher and a washer &amp; dryer in the room as well, although there is no pantry. As far as the rest of the place: there are two large plasma televisions, DVD player, CD clock radio with ambient sounds, a (merely standard) hotel hair dryer, ironing board and iron. The bathroom is fabulously large with a glass-enclosed shower easily big enough for two (with only a standard shower head, sadly), beautiful tile floors, another huge granite countertop and upscale fixtures.Although this property is on the strip, it is away from the noise and traffic. Having a car made the trip perfect: I could go south on Las Vegas Blvd to partake of the hustle-and-bustle, then head back up to the hotel, park for free, ascend the beautiful stairs to the spacious lobby--without having to negotiate a casino!--and take the elevator to the home-away-from-home. And to make it even more perfect, I still have full resort housekeeping and turn-down service, although it feels like my own luxury apartment. (Contrary to what some of these reviews say, it is not WAY far away from everything. It is ON the Strip, and only two miles from 'extreme end' with the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Everything else is closer than that!)The final day of my stay, some friends who were bragging about having stayed at Caesar's Palace came by to hang out at my place. They were impressed! &quot;Beats the heck out of our room!&quot;	
Jan 6 2005	Beautiful Room but......	We stayed here for New Years Eve weekend 2005 and the place is new and beautiful BUT it is no where near the Casinos, shows, or the &quot;action.&quot; You either have to cab it (25.00 roundtrip), bus, or drive to get the food or activities. The surrounding area to the hotel is either under construction or not safe for women alone to walk. The other thing that we did not really like was that because this place is really a timeshare facility that is used as a hotel, they will ring your room phone &quot;off the hook&quot; to get you to participate in a timeshare presentation. We turned down a 100.00 cash off to participate, then they called back and offered 150.00--we turned that down, then they offered 200.00 Cash on the last day we were there. We had to take it--200.00, but it ate up 3.0 hours of our time when they promised 1.5 hours max for it. I have never done anything like that so be careful about participating.	
Dec 27 2004	Great Place	We recently stayed at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club on the Strip during the last week of October. It is a brand new facility with great features. We had a 1 bedroom suite. It is like having a small apartment which we really enjoyed. The rooms were very clean and actually quiet. We couldn't hear any noise from our room.They are building more rooms in the future so the area is still under construction. There are no restaurants onsite but there is the seasonal pool bar and deli downstairs for light snacks. The best bet is to go the local grocery store and buy items for your room since the deli store is kind of expensive.The pool area is beautiful. We actually swam even though it was end of season and kind of cool. We are planning a return trip in May and are trying out the LV Hilton Grand Vacation Club. I am sure it will be nice also. The monorail is running again which is good. I would definitely recommend becoming a Hilton Grand Vacation Club Member.	
Oct 26 2004	Great Hotel!!	We recently stayed at this hotel and were very pleased. I am very picky, &amp; this place was extremely nice. The rooms are large, well stocked &amp; just as nice as those at the big expensive hotels closer in on the strip. We had a 2 bedroom unit, which had a full kitchen with granite countertops &amp; a dining table with chairs. The den had a huge flat screen tv with a dvd player &amp; stereo. The master bath had a huge jacuzzi tub &amp; separate walk in shower. We have stayed at the Bellagio, the HGVC at the Flamingo, the Hyatt on Lake Las Vegas, the Golden Nugget, &amp; the Venetian, &amp; this was just as nice if not nicer. In fact, our 2 bedroom unit was just as much money as our one room was at the Bellagio.Also, parking &amp; getting in &amp; out of the hotel is so easy &amp; it's free. The lot is right there, &amp; there is no casino to walk through. True the location of the hotel is further down on the strip, but we didn't care because we always rent a car in Vegas. It is so cheap &amp; easy to drive there. All the casinos let you valet park for free, &amp; we usually pay about $27 a day for a car (easily the price of one roundtrip cab fare). We like to gamble at different casinos. I do wish there was a real restaurant with room service on the premises, but otherwise this hotel is a real gem. We will stay there again.	
Oct 21 2004	Location location location	We just returned from Vegas. This was a very nice hotel (time share), but it's too far from the action. We stayed at Bally's in June and that's a great, central location. Being too far from the center means transportation becomes a real issue, even if you have a car because the traffic is heavy and parking could be a problem. We rode the bus a lot. Get an all-day pass for $5.00. It's worth it. And take advantage of the free shuttles to Hard Rock and Sam's Town. Monorail is still not working except from MGM Grande to the Luxor.Getting back to the hotel itself: We stayed in the studio. It's about as big as a regular hotel room, with a tiny kitchen along the wall. Room is suitable for 2 people. Time share pitch was medium pressure, lasts about 1 1/2 hours, and you still get your freebies if you decline.	
Sep 30 2004	Nice but...	We stayed there September 15-18, 2004 This new property is very nice. The rooms are luxurious, and very nicely appointed. So nice in fact, that we really didn't want to leave our room. The two pools are nice but small. There is construction going on all around the hotel and the north area of the strip is pretty desolate right now. This hotel is far from everything. Be prepared for approximately a $10.00 one way cab ride almost everywhere you go in the area. The new, but out of service monorail, is about a two block walk. A long two blocks! Also beware the pool grill and bar is open only seasonally from April through October. There is no other restaurant on this property. There is a small outrageously priced convenience store on the property. We took a $8.00 cab ride (each way) to the local Albertson's grocery store, to stock up on soda, water, snacks, coffee, and light meals. Maybe in a couple of years this area will be booming, but it isn't now. As a time share owner I would never buy at this property.	
Sep 28 2004	Made LV enjoyable!	I was dreading Las Vegas, even though the whole world likes it, I have a hard time getting around, and being around smoke and all. I needed to come out for a meeting and stayed at this property, since I am an Hhonors member. This property was so pleasant, and made my stay enjoyable. I was treated so well, and had a marvelous room. I could not believe this wonderful haven is right in the middle of the Las Vegas Boulevard. One of my co-workers moved to this hotel after one night somewhere else, because showed her my room. I have never had a whirlpool tub right in my hotel room before, and the furnishings were delightful. I wouldn't even mind going back to this Las Vegas again now!	
Sep 21 2004	Beautiful Room especially for only $99	After driving 1600 miles round trip throughout the naked southwest - starting out at the car rental counter at Las Vegas and then straight to the Gand Canyon, to the Petrified Forest, Monument Valley, MOAB, Bryce and Zion Canyons - its a bit of a let down driving back into Las Vegas. All the glitz seems so tacky, and then there's all the cars and people. Well it was time to get acclimated again to the 'real world' before going back home to NY. The Hilton hotel was a beautiful place to stay at. The room was really lavish for the $99 it cost and the hotel is spotless.	
Sep 17 2004	Beautiful rooms nice hotel	We enjoyed 4 nights at this hotel. Our room was one of the nicest in any hotel we have stayed at. It was large, with lots of luxurious extras. Huge tub with bubbles too. The food at the pool grill was incredible, and pretty affordable. It is at the older end of the Strip, by Circus Circus, so not the most perfect location, but not too bad. At least it is right on the strip, and you can walk to other places too. We will stay here again.	
Sep 17 2004	Too Far from the Attractions but Beautiful Accomodations!	I was pleasantly surprised at the accomodations. My friends' parents own a timeshare here and let us stay there in May 2004, so I can't complain. The suite was awesome and very roomy. I loved the pools and sunbathing area.The only MAJOR drawback was that we had to take a cab everywhere! There was no trolley, tram, shuttle, etc. Not even a shuttle to-and-from the airport when we were there! We would walk as far as we could some days, but you walk past the slums and older, &quot;not-as-nice&quot; hotels until you get to the &quot;Fashion Show Mall&quot;. Then the quality picks up from there. In 90-100 degree weather though, you don't want to walk any farther than that. Location-wise on the map, it is closest to Circus-Circus, and there isn't much action at this end of the strip. Expect to pay many cab fares if you are more interested in spending time down at the other end of the strip by Mandalay Bay, The Luxor, MGM, NY-NY, Paris, The Bellagio, etc. I'd rather stay closer to the action next time I go to Vegas.	
Sep 16 2004	ENJOYED THE HGVC!!!	Stayed there for our anniversary. Went on time share promotion program. Enjoyed the hotel very much. Stayed in 2 BR suite with some friends. Very clean property, immediate surroundings not to great but not as bad as people make it seem, after all remember it's Vegas! If you need to get away from the immediate area you can take your car, a taxi or walk by foot to the other parts of the strip. Rooms are clean, modern, with kitchen and great amenities. Liked the fact that it was kind of away from everything and you don't have a smoke filled 10 minute walk through the casino stroll to get to the hotel elevators. Staff was friendly and courteous. Would recommend you trying it out or checking out their website. Would stay there again.TRAVELER	
Sep 8 2004	Good Hotel Bad Location	I am an owner of a Hilton timeshare, and of all the Grand Vacations hotels in Las Vegas, this is the best. Being the newest they have the latest touches, such wide screen TV in a one bedroom suite, and free wireless connection. Pool, gym and activities rooms were all adequate. The one major drawback is the location. Far from everything except for the Sahara and Wet'N'Wild. Traffic is a major headache. Making a right onto the strip in the afternoon and evening be ready to sit in your car!	
Aug 27 2004	Great property... lousy location	The new HGVC on the Strip was a beautiful hotel (not Hotel-Casino), but in a lousy area on the Strip, across from Wet N'Wild and next to Circus Circus. This is not prime Strip location being at the other end with Sahara and Stratosphere. This was our first stay at this time-share hotel and the accomodations were excellent. Our one bedroom suite could easily sleep four-plus with a good sized kitchen (not that we cooked) and a useful washer/dryer in room. There was plenty of space for our family of four and the pool area was never overly crowded. We enjoy walking on the Strip by Paris/Bellagio, but felt unsafe to be walking around this HGVC, which meant we had to drive off the property to eat and gamble and shop. We made their obligatory timesharesales presentation and felt it was a wasted 90 minutes. They made you feel uncomfortable and continue to question you as to why you would pass up this opportunity to buy into such a beautfiful property.I told them to look at their sleazy location with the homeless and deadbeats. Maybe when Steve Wynn finishes his new complex up the Strip and Trump develops his rumored property next door, the clientele may be more upscale, or at least 'normal'.Needless to say, I would not stay in this location again, however, the accomodations were excellent for a one year old property.	
Jul 31 2004 	Awesome Property	I stayed here July 23-30 and really enjoyed my visit. The hotel is very quiet with a beautiful pool area. Two pools, two hot tubs and plenty of lounges both in and out of the sun. The rooms are very well appointed, I stayed in a studio which had a king bed, chair w/ ottoman, refridge w/ small freezer, microwave, coffee maker and bar sink. Dishes and silverware are provided. The bathroom had great storage-2 drawers and 4 shelves built into the vanity.The pool bar is nice, waitress service on Saturday was excellent. During the week it was slower but the bar is not a far walk when you need another drink. I ate at the pool 3 times and all the food was excellent especially the sweet potato fries. The market/deli was also very handy and pizza and sandwiches were good. You can order room service breakfast-just arrange the night before.No casino on site-a big plus for me as I wanted a quiet, peaceful stay. The only negative would be distance from main portion of the strip but a rental car or taxi would alleviate this factor. I had a car so it was not a big issue since parking at the hotels is free. The trolley has a stop at Circus Circus next door to the property.The property is part of Hilton's timeshare division, I was able to rent a room as if it was a hotel. The presentation was not mandatory, I did attend and the sales pitch was not high pressure.All in all-if I have to return to Vegas I will stay here again.	
Jun 28 2004	A great place to bring the family.	We stayed at the HGV onthe strip over fathers day weekend. This was our second stay. We stayed in November last year also. We had a one bedroom suite which was wonderful. Since we bring our children we rented a car at the airport. There is a grocery store about 2 miles away where we picked up food and drinks for the 4 day stay. BBQing poolside was great. The deli has all the BBQ tools you need to borrow. We hung out by the pool most afternoons and cooked our own dinners. The building is clean and beautiful. Service is outstanding. We love the fact that we don't have to walk through a smoke filled casino to get to our rooms. When we wanted to gamble or see the strip we just drove the car to the hotel of choice. The only downside is the pool bar closes at 8:00 while the pool area is open until 10:00.	
Jun 3 2004	Be prepared for the time-share pitch!!!		
May 30 2004	very nice stay.		
Mar 22 2004	Never again		
Mar 19 2004	Great Family Hotel		
Mar 12 2004	we got walked here		
Feb 25 2004	Nice hotel		
Feb 18 2004	Mixed Feelings		
Jan 30 2004	First time in Vegas		
Nov 15 2003	Nice room bad service		
Oct 25 2009 	Great		
Jun 3 2009 	Super Hotel		
May 25 2009 	?????????????		
Feb 22 2009	?????????		
Aug 31 2008 	excelente relacion calidad precio		
Aug 30 2008 	plutot bien pour la famille		
Jun 29 2008 	Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Jun 13 2006	Aus den Augen aus dem Sinn		
