Nov 20 2009 	Ok but there are better hotels in Asia	Not as plush as other Asian hotels. Restaurant is just a little bit less than others, and so are the rooms. Bit old, bit noisy, bit small (compared to for example Renaissance).Also the lobby entrance felt more like a freezer due to a horrible draft from the outside stormy wheather.It also doesn't help that during our stay Obama was in town next door at the Ritz Carlton and that traffic around the hotel (and city) was completely blocked...	
Nov 14 2009 	very good central hotel	Hotel quality is very good, rooms are large good equipped. Only thing I could complain is internet cost (around 18 $ per day)	
Nov 7 2009 	comfort location and value	Spacious rooms, good service, good value -- this is a good choice in central Shanghai. Restaurants in hotel are only fair, not very good.	
Sep 14 2009 	Not bad at all!	I am currently staying in this hotel, so thought a 'live' review would be handyFirst of all, its a large business type hotel, big lobby area with restaurant and bar. The room is a nice size , some would say its dated, but actually it seems okay to me. Personally I would say its a bit 1990's but not as bad as some other reviewers give the impression of. There is a mini-bar, tea and coffee making facilities, a nice sized desk for me to work on, but will say internet connection is not the fastest speed and apparently you cant access the 'facebook' website in China, although I hear there are ways round it! The bathroom is fully tiled, quite modern with a bath tub and shower unit, all very clean an pleasent. The bed is nice with soft pillows and a good sized wadrobeI had breakfast in the restaurant this morning. Its the typical business hotel breakfast with many choices. I must admit, the bacon, baked beans and hash browns were surprisingly nice considering I am in China so thought (maybe unfairly) it wouldnt taste so good. The downside is the price...about £20 as I write, so if you are like me, and just want a small bite and a coffee rather than a full slap-up, then you'll find it very pricey, so if you have breakfast here, make sure you get your moneys worthI had dinner tonight in the steak restaurant, very posh looking and lovely food, although the portions were smaller than I was expecting, again a bit pricey but being dinner and in plush surroundings its not too bad I guess.The fitness room is a good size and has a fair range of machines and weights and the massage spa is lovely. I had a wonderful 1hr massage but again, the price was quite a lot -£80.....Some reviewers complain about the service at this hotel, although I have found it fine. Okay, there isnt the 'in your face genuine smiles' that you get in the Dubai hotels, but its not the cheesy American &quot;have a nice day only because I want a tip&quot; type service eitherArea: well, all of Shanghai in my view is scruffy and this no worse than the 70kms I covered around the city today...this hotel is handy for shops and there are a few local restaurants nearby, but none that took my fancy...a bit too down to earth for my taste!Overall a decent business hotel, not a bad location, internet speed a bit slow, restaurant pricey, but yes...I would return here	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice enough location not perfect.	Had a suite which was nice. The steak restaurant was good! Location good for shopping, nothing else.Service was ok for foreigners, but abusive towards chinese.All in all, I'd rather have stayed nearer the river.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great location clean room 	Great location &amp; amazing service , It is reasonably priced and has wonderful pool and room facilities. I highly recommend it and will consider it again on my next visit.	
Jun 1 2009 	Lovely Five Star Hotel	This is a five stars hotel located in the central shanghai business area. (tripadvisor indicates it is 3-star - which is wrong.) It is good for business traveller because of its location. Good value for money for hotels in this area.	
May 16 2009 	never take hotel services	Good hotel for the price but never take the hotel services because you will not have enough for your money, it cost me 95 US dollars for couple of pieces of laundry and internet very expensive too. However, staff very nice and pollite.	
May 12 2009 	Chinese New Year delights!	Out of the 4 Hotels I stayed in during my 10 day visit to Shanghai, this was the 1st. I decided to go a couple of days prior to my business meetings as I got a great discount on the rate in celebration of the Chinese new Year. I splurged in a limo pick up &amp; somewhere along on the way to my room, I misplaced a little money. I am so impressed with the Mandarin's Security for following it through so thoroughly.The Hotel is easily accessible to Shopping and sight seeing and walking distance to theatres, etc. The Room service menu is great - chicken rice a must try. The view is even better, esp at night when the city is lit till 10pm or so.	
Mar 4 2009 	Needs a refit	I have to say I’m disappointed with this hotel given the price of it. Outside and the lobby are nice but the corridors and dark and dirty looking; the rooms are a good size but shabby out of date furniture and décor. I’m here on business for a week and the lack of a proper desk and desk chair make working on the laptop quite uncomfortable after a while. I don’t think it represents value for money; the only good thing is the location. I haven't tried the food. Next time, I’ll stay at The Equatorial which is only about 10mins walk away and much better value for money.	
Sep 13 2008 	OK but willing to try something else next time in Shanghai!	Spent 3 nights at this hotel. Lobby is very nice and fresh. The staff is friendly. Rooms are ok but needs for sure renovation in the bathroom. The water doesn't smell nice when you take a shower. Lot of stains on the carpet in the room and in the corridors. I haven't tried the breakfast because it was too expensive (RMB235 or so! like 25EURO)...probably very good though! Instead you can get a coffee and scone for 40 RMB at Starbucks located 2 minutes from the hotel. The hotel is located in luxury street where all famous brands have their shop. They have a quite big SPA and swimming pool. I have tried massage - really expensive (cheapest is around 80EURO) but it was really professional. Worth the try if you can.It takes about 1h by car (when no traffic jam) to the Pudong Airport and costs about RMB150.For diner, dare go out (it is very safe-mind your wallet though!) and you will find good local restaurants at very reasonable prices.	
Jul 10 2008 	Not a 5 star as they claimed	Currently staying at JC Mandarin Hotel, am very dissapointed with the room! It is old and outdated, the carpet has stained so badly, it is dusty and still using the bath tub concept for a shower. As we have stayed before in the Meritus Mandarin chain of hotels, we expected to have a good weekend relaxing in the room as we have been travelling a lot and the meritus hotels we stayed in Singapore was really good and the bed was very comfortable so that's why we choose this place for our stay in Shanghai. So we do feel cheated for paying a the price of a so called 5 star hotel when i would really rate it as a 3 star hotel!We encounter a problem during the check-in, our long journey flight arrived 7am, so we wanted to check-in and they refused us as we were too early. The manager spoke to us and told us that for the price we are paying at a 5 star hotel it is the best rate ever compared to so many 5 star hotels and they certainly cannot accomodate us to check-in early and if we want to, they would have to charge us a half day rate. With many 5 star hotels we stayed in, when the flight is an early arrival, they do accomodate as the guest would normally be very tired and need to freshen up. The manager said to us that they could only extend a courtesy to check us in at 11am so we were left waiting. We were so tired and we really did look forward to resting and by the time we got our room... big dissapointment! My husband is allergic to dust and he has been sneezing ever since we gotten our room! We will never stay here again and we would rather pay for a better package at another hotel. Even though they did have a good rate, we still feel cheated as they did not live up to the name and the 5 star rating!Jancy TanA frequent traveller!	
Jul 1 2008 	Reasonable for price	Good location, great breakfasts. Rooms spacious but would be four star only just. Service good, but food and beverage very expensive compared to other great restaurants in the area.	
Jun 10 2008 	Time to refurb	Currently staying in the JC Mandarin. On entry to the lobby it doesn't look too bad, however the rooms are old and dated. The carpet looks dirty and does't feel too nice on your feet.The mini bar is very expensive as is the cost to browse the internet, which is very very slow. On the plus side the food is pretty good, if not a tad expensive. Although you have to be very clear on your order as mine was messed up twice !	
May 26 2008 	Suitable Hotel	I would absolutely stay here again if the price is right. Our room was clean and had a nice view. There was road work in front of the hotel which made the streets very dusty. Otherwise, neighborhood is nice. The Ritz Carlton is just across the street. My partner and I had dinner there and it was horrible. The restaurant at JC Mandarin was much better. But, when you're in Shanghai go out to eat! The concierge gave us great recommendations. She also helped book excursions for us to Shouzu and an ancient water town.	
May 17 2008 	acceptable accomodation but not five star	The JC Mandarin is a perfectly adequate and clean hotel. However, it just isn't up to five star standards. The rooms are clean but the carpet is worn and the furniture out dated. I went to use the Jacuzzi and it was warm not hot. The sauna and steam room in the women's locker room were turned off and there was no one there to explain how to turn them on. On the plus side, the service was generally prompt and efficient. The food was reasonably good although not exceptional. It is in a really central location and very close to the French Concession, one of the nicest areas of Shanghai. The staff was courteous and efficient. The gym is in pretty good shape. I guess there is a reason that this five star hotel is significantly cheaper than the others in its class in Shanghai. It really is more of a four star. But, if you are looking for a clean, well staffed, and convenient place to stay the JC Mandarin is fine. Just don't expect anything special.	
Apr 20 2008 	Yuck ! Old - poor service - dirty carpets	Poor Service - dirty carpets - expensive - I stayed at this 17 year old hotel for 5 nights in April 2008. It has seen better days. The staff does not speak English very well. There is a lack of service -not a good price/value ratio. I stayed on the &quot;Club&quot; floor and moved to one of the remolded rooms on the 6th floor when the phones in my room did not work. The sixth floor is NOISY.The &quot;Club&quot; floor rooms are OLD and dirty - the carpets are dirty and the rooms smell off. There are many problems with things not working in the rooms. The phones are very old and the hotel charges for every call - even to a calling card access phone number. The food in the club on the 2nd floor is limited in options. Overall - NOT a 5 star hotel at 5 star prices. It is more a 3 star hotel - OLD - DIRTY - BAD SERVICE.	
Mar 30 2008 	No complaint	First impression from the lobby once got in gave us some mixed felling. It was all very clean and nice, and while lobby design was somewhat 90's, the rooms were probably designed a decade earlier. Dated and nothing special, but very clean in the room and bathroom. Staff were good, but mixed feeling from the check-in/out. Internet and minibar charged standard ripped off price. Take it or leave it, no LCD TV but the old one worked fine. Great varieties breakfast and in good supply, great service from friendly staff, buffet dimsum also very tasty and highly recommend.At this price, absolutely no complaint, and considering it's convenient location on Nanjing road, I have no problem to stay here again. Great for business / pleasure in SHA.	
Mar 19 2008	Worked well	I just stayed here for a week and had no complaints really. They did mess up a late night room service order, but not a big deal. The hotel was clean and the rooms were plenty large enough with a good view of Nanjing Road. They had plenty of staff on hand and the breakfast which was included in the rate was pretty good. We used the health club a couple of times and they had plenty of equipment, especially since we were the only ones in there both times. I would have no problem recommending this hotel again.	
Mar 19 2008 	lively hotel	Nice and lively hotel! Clean and spacious rooms with up to standard bathroom. Outstanding breaskfast buffet. Quite goood location: easy access to taxis and 5 minutes walk from metro stations. Good availability of english speaking staff. Booked through hotels.com and gained a good internet tariff which made it a very good value for money. Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 16 2008 	Mandarin	Nothing special. Functional. Big rooms but a bit dated style-wise. Solid breakfast. Business services over-priced. (internet at China Telcom at airport a tenth of cost).	
Jan 1 2008	Nice Hotel - Mega Breakfast	Shanghai was our first stop in our china tour and we stayed in this hotel for two nights. The hotel, the rooms and toilets were clean and tidy. Pre-booked our room and our tour guide dealth with the reception staff so there was no hassel, we just sat down and waited for the keys while everything was being sorted out. The room was lovely ans spacious, nice bed. Clean bathroom with a nice shower!Breakfast was the best we had in china, the presentation was grand, so many choices of foods you kinda walk around not knowing what to have. healthy options, fried options, western options, eastern options, great!! maybe the Tea was a bit dodgy, i like my tea served the british way, i dont know what was wrong with the tea there, the land of the tea, maybe it was the water or the milk? lots of fruit juices so you can always go healthy!and oh yes the chefs, about 4-5 behind the counter will also make you omelettes, and they are always cooking to make sure none of the food plates are empty.decided to head down to the piano bar for a drink, turns out there are other possibilities once you get down there, the drinks are quite expensive as that is not the main needs of a customers who would go down there, its a good option to have ;-)The location of the hotel possibly isnt the best if you are in town for a few days as a tourist, its in the middle of two metro stations so you have a bit of a walk in either direction, metro is easy to understand. lots of shopping centres by the hotel, the one right next to it is all designer stuff, if you are into that sort of thing.final conclusion : i would recommend this hotel to anyone, only possible let down is the location.	
Dec 27 2007 	Bungled Reservation but the breakfast buffet's not bad	Flew into Shanghai in late Aug. At check-in, they gave us two twin beds in a smoking room instead of the non-smoking double bed I booked (I booked the 2 nights well in advance). Once in the room, there was a noticeable odor from the bathroom, the carpet was worn, and the bathroom tiles had plenty of cracks. Even though we were on the 4th floor (again, I had requested something a little higher, but I understand that's not always possible), the view of the street was nice. The internet charge, though not exorbitant (i seem to recall 50rmb) seemed a little steep, especially considering that there are web cafes around and we're already paying plenty. You can't fit much in the room safe (I tried my hp tablet laptop, to no avail).The location is fine, not too far from the Nanjing West subway stop. It's caddy corner to the Ritz-Carlton. There are loads of shops around, and though we trekked it all the way to the Bund from here, I wouldn't recommend it. The staff was snappy, not warm. I'd say the best part of the whole stay was the breakfast buffet, which although fantastic, hardly made up for the rest of it. For the money, I'll stay somewhere else next time I'm in Shanghai.	
Nov 14 2007	great location but a bit tired	i stayed at this hotel for business purposes and the location is fantastic. The rooms are a bit tired and lack any sort of special 5 star touches. They charged me for receiving an international call so watch this! I have to highly praise Frank the concierge who was extremely helpful to me when my baggage was lost by the airline. I found the spa to be very nice but also extremely expensive. All in all its okay but nothing special.	
Nov 12 2007 	Good Hotel for Business Meeting	I stayed at JCM for a business meeting. After reading the postings, I was not sure what to expect, I have to say that I did have a good stay at the JCM. The room was a bit dated but clean. The shower was hot and strong. Bathroom amenities were on par with high grade hotels. Beyond the normal soap, shampoo and lotion, they also provided toothbrush, paste, sewing kit, nail file, cotton balls and 2 bottles of water daily to brush your teeth. They also had slippers which I have only gotten at hotels like The Regent.Airline lost my luggage and the laundry service was very good, housekeeping came by nightly to pick up my clothes for laundry and returned them early next day.Internet service was good. I did not have a problem, I even used it to call home via Skype so connection was consistant.My room came with a breakfast buffet, which was very nice. The service was as fast as I could help myself. Buffet was very bountiful and had both Western and Asian selections. Coffee is very strong and was cold one morning, but I mentioned this and it was fixed right away.Our meeting was in the Ballrooms on the 3nd floor and 6th floor. The meeting rooms were very nice and seem to be updated. My only complaint is that one of our speakers requested a wireless microphone, which is standard AV equipment, this never happened.As a single female traveler, I was concerned about the posting regarding the red light district and prostitutes. I never saw working girls nor did I every feel unsafe at the hotel. I even wandered across the street one evening and walked around the mall before they closed. Hotel staff watches everyone that enters the building. Although their hallways can be better lit.	
Oct 18 2007	It's gone DOWNHILL	This is my fifth stay at this hotel. Unfortunately the rooms seem to have gotten worse over the years. I can tolerate some wear and tear but the room smelled like cat urine and that made things worse. You really didn't want to walk on the carpet without shoes. It is quite disgusting.You must be very careful when booking this hotel and bring all your documentation with you. I overheard a conversation at the front desk about a price change in the middle of someone's stay. I've encountered this before with them and believe me they won't budge even if you have a confirmed reservation. It appears the only confirmation they will be sure to honor is one made directly through the hotel's website.	
Sep 16 2007	Great loca. don't expect good internet service	The location of this hotel is great-- right in the shopping district of Shanghai.However, as a biz. traveler, my main requirement is reliable high-speed internet service, and, having traveled all over Asia and the world, this hotel's internet service is one of the worst. It is hard wired, but automatically logs you out every 30 minutes! The staff is incredibly attentive and tries to be helpful, but they have poor knowledge about their system. The people were great, and the food excellent. If i didn't need the internet, I'd stay here again. But, for business, think twice.	
Aug 31 2007 	A very good value at $120/night	It's not the St. Regis so don't expect overdone rooms with over-the-top baroque styling and ridiculous bathrooms. Also, this hotel doesn't feel terribly new ... not worn out, but not new. Overall, I'd stay here again in a heartbeat. The price is good, the location convenient (3.5 blocks from the metro), the staff most helpful, and the rooms nice.The bed and linens are great, and the room's amenities are all good. Sure, there's no 37&quot; LCD TV, but the fabulous breakfast buffet and good exercise facilities are included for free. Also, the Hotel's bars are genuinely nice places to take a nightcap or chat with friends.Save about 50% over the St. Regis and spend it going out for a nice dinner and drinks afterwards.	
Jul 14 2007 	Value for money	There appears to be a number of differing opinions as to this hotel. I was initially put off by the reviews that gave very poor ratings and suspicious of the overly glowing reports. I hope my account will be somewhat more objective. Most are in agreement that this hotel is in a good location along Nanjing West Road, known for the supposedly fancier shops and malls. A taxi fare for 11 RMB will get you to most of the other tourist attractions. In the evening outside the hotel on the roadside, you will find a few locals peddling their wares, and pimps and prostitutes will approach hotel guests that leave the premises on foot. A firm &quot;no&quot; (or &quot;yes&quot; as the case may be) will usually be all that is required. The much talked about lobby with the mural was nice, but most people just walked past it on the way to the lifts after seeing it once. There are no seats in the lobby for guests or their friends to sit and relax. Instead they have seating that is part of the cafe and restaurant which would feel awkward if not buying anything there. The room itself was clean and comfortable. There were all the usual amenities, however the room lacked an iron and board. The decor I agree was not modern, but it was not outdated. The broadband internet connection was variable and could be slow at times. The internet charge was 120 RMB per day which I thought was unnecessarily high. The water pressure for the shower/bath combo was strong. However the water did take an unsually long time to drain from the wash-basin. The air-conditioning functioned well. The carpet was not worn out as some reviews had mentioned. Room service was usually prompt, however some items on the menu were occasionally not available (usually in the early hours of the morning). Housekeeping were quick, but had the annoying habit in hotels of calling the room in the afternoon to ask if they could clean it even if you have the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign hanging.Most of the staff spoke English, and though not fluent, was certainly adequate. The concierge service was helpful, but limited so be prepared to do your own research. The front door staff were useful interpreters for the taxis. However it is much faster to walk the short distance to the roadside and hail a cab. The breakfast on the ground floor level 1 was good, with a decent variety. The service in the other restaurants was slow at times. Overall I think the experience was entirely satisfactory. There was nothing outstanding or extraordinary about this hotel, but it certainly provided a good standard. It certainly wasn't perfect, but for me personally, I didn't find the minor defects much of an issue. The cost of the room was much less expensive than the other 5 star hotels. The location was good, and all in all I think this was a value for money stay.	
May 7 2007 	Perfectly Lovely	We where staying on the Club Floor and had an amazing room, it was clean and comfortable. The pool was great for my neices, I was just disappointed that we where not going to be there on the days they gave yoga or belly dancing lessons in the fitness club. The staff was extreamly helpful and our every need was their top priority. The club lounge was great and they accomidated our desire for a private room so the children could have free run and not both other patrons. We will definately stay here on our next trip to Shanghai.	
Feb 1 2007 	Excellent Service Comfortable and Convenient	My business counterparts and I took an extended stay at this hotel and were very impressed.Service is impeccable. The front staff was plentiful and always willing to help. The manager even sought me out in the lobby to ask for my business card so that he could give me a corporate rate during my next stay. The concierge helped me with sending FedEx packages and even arrange to get a box for me.The restaurant on the main floor offers a wide variety of Asian and Western food, especially in its buffet. I personally enjoyed the fluffy pancakes and made to order omelets in the morning. The table staff was extremely prompt to take away dirty plates and bring you fresh drinks.The business center and &quot;Mandarin Club&quot; staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. They worked hard to learn our names so that they could address us by name. The Mandarin Club itself is a quiet place where you can conduct business meetings or just enjoy a quiet drink or breakfast. It is located away from the main action on the 2nd floor.The gym on the 4th floor is large and has everything under the sun you would want to use to work out. State-of-the-art treadmills for my morning run.If you stay here I recommend getting a room on the &quot;Mandarin Club&quot; floors. It is about $40 more expensive but you get free drinks, breakfast, and afternoon snacks You also get larger bottles of water in the room and a 50% discount on your laundry. Also get one free item pressed per day.We'll be back!	
Dec 14 2006 	Overpriced but Central	Hotel general areas are nice but the standard rooms are quite worn out and old. The size of the room is spacious and clean but need to be refurbished. Internet surcharge is expensive and so does everything else inside the hotel!Btw, hotel booking online via Chinese travel agencies (websites), you'll get better deals.The taxi price is very cheap in Shanghai so I would recommand people to stay a bit outside the center (i.e. the bund &amp; main shopping street, Nanjing east road).	
Nov 27 2006 	So many staff on duty at wrong times	Ho hum.....is the best way to describe this place. There are a heap of staff behind the desk at useless times of the day and 2 on duty during the 10am - 11am check-out rush. Rooms are TIRED and have a certain dusty feeling about them. They've basically done the lobby up to look incredible then done nothing with the rooms. There are so many better places to stay like the Ritz Carlton, Four Seasons or Sofitel....all onthe main street there.	
Nov 19 2006 	Beautiful Hotel	This hotel was excellent. I spent 3 nights here while on a business trip and I have no complaints. The service was excellent and the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The lobby was incredible. There's a nice coffee shop and a restaurant and both were great. Check-in took about 3 minutes and all of the employees were friendly and very helpful.	
Nov 3 2006 	Great experience at the JC Mandarin	I stayed here with a group of 21 Americans while on a tour of China. To a person, we were delighted with this hotel.There are some mixed reviews on this site, but I think they date back to when the hotel was in the middle of a renovation, which by 10/06 had long been completed.The rooms are very nice; almost as nice as the Ritz Carleton across the street where I stayed two years ago. Very luxurious and well-appointed. Mine was starting to show a few signs of wear in the carpet and grouting on the tub, but nothing to get upset about.The location is great for Westerners and sightseers: on one of the big shopping streets, Nanjing Lu, with many familiar retail brands all aorund; many restaurants, and night life within close proximity. Central to the French Concession, People's Square with the great Shanghai Museuma and other attractions, and on the subway line to Pudong and Jin Mao Tower in the futuristic new part of Shanghai across the river. (Subway is fully titled in English and easy to navigate.)I especially liked the 3rd Floor Wine Bar and Grille which has a great bar and the staff seems to understand American cocktails, which is a rarity in China. We had a private group dinner here that was beautifully done with wonderful Western food -- a welcome treat after having Chinese food for lunch and dinner for two weeks. The staff did an incredible job with every element of it; so I'm sure it's great if you're just dining their - intimate, modern and luxurious.The door staff was particularly good (and English fluent) in terms of flagging cabs and helping you get where you're going.The breakfast buffet downstairs at Tattler's is excellent. A caution on the little ice cream cafe in the front of the lobby: except for the ice cream, their food comes from Tattler's and takes 20-30 minutes to get there, so you're better off just going to Tattler's if you want food in the lobby. And the lobby &quot;bar&quot; seems to run out of steam early in the nite. At about 10 o'clock we were only able to get wine; no cocktails.Laundry and housekeeping were prompt. The business center was capable and efficient.Overall, a great place to stay in Shanghai (and I've stayed at 5 different hotels there.)	
Oct 5 2006 	Not a bad place to stay	From noida , india .Stayed with my husband in sept. 2006 for 4 nights. the location of the hotel is excellent with the high profile shopping area in the close vicinity. We had booked for executive rooms and paid a high room tariff but the room was quite ordinary . Infact wondering what their standard room would be like. We always had to wait for a long time to get a taxi from the hotel lobby. Most of the staff spoke little english which is a major handicap. Served good breakfast. All in all , a satisfactory experience. However would like to try a better hotel next time.	
Aug 5 2006 	Hit and Miss -- Now you've got it now you've not	This is a good hotel insofar that its location is perfect for getting to Nanjing Road addresses, high-end shopping and some nice eating places in posh Shanghai. The metro station is also within walking distance and you can get to many places in Shanghai city proper via the metro.The design of the hotel is a bit dated, admittedly, but I do like some of the chinoiserie feel of the hotel, especially the lacquer panels at the lobby depicting famed Admiral Cheng Ho and his travels, and the spacious lobby and kitschy layout of the common areas in general. It has obviously undergone a renovation, but it seems to me the renovation was not all-out, with some 1980s look still apparent.The rooms look less renovated and more trapped in the 1980s mode. Which is a surprise to me, as I was told this hotel started only in 1990. The amenities of a five-star hotel are all there, but the furniture in the room I stayed in was obviously dated. There were no tears to the sofa or broken legs to the tables, of course, but the age of the furniture definitely shows. The lack of a separate shower was also a disappointment, as I'd expected one in such a supposedly posh hotel. The bed was hard and firm, which is to my liking. They provided me with a foam pillow, as per my request, and I have no problem falling into slumberland during my week-long stay there.I did not taste the food there at all during my stay, as I was out and about most days, returning only late at night. I did go see the gym and pool, and felt that it was adequate but not impressive.Service wise, this hotel is as good as any Chinese-run five-star hotel in Shanghai. Unless it's Four Seasons or the St Regis, I must say that service standard in Shanghai or for that matter in China is generally not great. So, this hotel is not dissimilar in that aspect, and I can say it's like at the Hilton in Shanghai, the Marriot Hongqiao or the Renaissance Yangtze. Nothing to rave about, they do most of the tasks and carry out most of the requests but nothing more. Speaking Mandarin or Shanghainese does help, as most of the staff hardly understand English.For the amount I paid (RMB 970), I think this hotel serves its purpose. I like its location for being so near my Shanghai office, and this matters in Shanghai because transport here is a major problem due to the perenial jams. Convenience was also there, as I have the option of getting cheap food, going to a convenience stall and doing my grocery shopping at a supermart at the Shanghai Center which is obviously catered to Westerners. There is a Starbucks near it, and lots of shopping which is found in any standard Western city.So verdict: I think I will stay here again. Sometimes they get it right, sometimes they don't seem to know it at all. But unless you're looking to be treated like a king, for a spa for magnificent massage, and a huge room with extras such a massage chair, big flat-screen LCD TV and designer-brand bathroom amenities, you'd be satisfied with JC Mandarin.Oh, and one point to note: for some strange reasons, this hotel attracts lots of Singapore and Malaysia-based Chinese. The brand of Mandarin they speak is vastly different from that spoken in Shanghai and most big Chinese cities. I was pleasantly tickled by this twang of theirs, and had a good time observing these folks spouting their, I'd say, patois, even as they look similar to any Chinese out there. Reminds me of my stays in Singapore, just that I didn't notice how different their Chinese is.Later, I found out that the group running this hotel is Singapore-based. Ah... is that the reason for the Admiral Cheng Ho murals for his travels to Southeast Asia, and the attraction to the Singapore and Malaysia guests?	
May 1 2006	Holiday Inn at Best		
Feb 4 2006	comfortable good location		
Jan 17 2006 	rooms very tired. not 5 star		
Nov 21 2005	Loved My Stay at the Mandarin		
Nov 12 2005	Pleased with the JC Mandarin		
Sep 1 2005 	East meets West		
Apr 23 2005	Save your money go somewhere else		
Jun 24 2004	Don't understand the hype		
Jun 3 2004	So Fantastic!		
Jun 3 2004	???????????		
Nov 15 2009 	???????????????		
Nov 7 2009 	?????????		
Sep 3 2009 	??????		
Mar 23 2009 	???????????		
Mar 12 2009 	??????????????????		
Feb 25 2009 	????????		
Jan 17 2009 	???????5???		
Dec 26 2008 	5?????		
Sep 16 2008 	??????????		
Aug 23 2008 	???????		
Aug 16 2008 	??????		
May 21 2008 	Hotel cinco estrellas viejo		
