Nov 23 2009 	Beautiful hotel - Most comfortable bed 	Stayed for a week 12-20Nov 2009 with 370 other travel agents for a conference. Hotel staff are exceptionally professional and very eager to assist where possible. Room service food is pretty good - very expensive though! There are quite a few great places to eat around there that are ridiculously cheap in comparison! Breakfast was a bit of a waste of money in most of our opinions - $50AUD for very little selection - again, there are so may places to eat near the hotel. The rooms are very clean but the furniture could use an upgrade. Bed was EXTREMELY comfortable as was the shower. Very quiet - couldn't hear anything in the hallways or other rooms at all. Get everything you can out of the Concierge - they really are a huge help in this city.	
Oct 26 2009 	Good but looking dated	Stayed in Oct 2009 in a superior king room for 1,900RMB. Good hotel, quiet location away from the noise of the construction going on in the city. Nowhere as good as the Peninsula Hotel in Beijing. Only problem was when staff entered our room even though we had a do not disturb sign displayed whislt we were out. The management apologised and did not charge for one night. Good gym, shower and room size is generous, although fixtures are getting old and dated. The cafe looked so dated, and breakfast was nothing special.Recommended restaurants are:-Din Tai FungYang's Fried DumplingLost HeavenCrystal JadeFu 1088Whampo ClubSee the Bund, Pudong skyscrappers, Jade Buddha Temple, Xintaindi, French concession, and if time allows go to Suzhou and Hangchou. For an excellent tailor, specialising in ladies silks, as well as menswear, go to Lu Ping, Room 157, 168 DongMen Road, Cloth Market (Zhonghua Road). Email address is [--] or telephone [--].	
Oct 5 2009 	Oh no!	Frankly speaking I was a little disappointed after spending 5hrs in Four Seasons Shanghai. I've my foot broken several days before and that's why I chose Four Seasons as an One-stop solution to spend a cozy weekend, thinking that I could enjoy fine dining service and a well equipped room in the hotel. My disappointment start from my arrival because there wasn't any doorman at the gate to give any help. I have to open the hotel door. The frontdesk staff and the concierge watched me passing through the whole lobby to reach the desk for check-in without providing any pro-active aide. It was not until I raise the request that the staff finally find me a wheelchair, and before that the frontdesk staff was just seeing me standing with crutches during the whole process of check-in. Then when I asked if I could have a table in the steakhouse, I was told that it was closed due to holiday, and how about the japanese restaurant? closed as well. And the in-room dining menu shrunk due to the change at same time. That left me very limited choice for food because there's only one restaurant opened to support such a big hotel. The room facilities were old-fashion as well. Nowadays it's hard to find a non-flat-screen CRT TV set even in a motel in this city, but I got it in Four Seasons. Maybe I asked too much, but hey, it's Four Seasons, somewhere which claimed to be able to satisfied any subtle needs of clint.	
Aug 24 2009 	Generlly good but not really up to the Four Seasons standard	The hotel's generally good but not great. Comfortable rooms but relatively small even according to Shanghai standard. I can never get the water temperature right in shower. The breakfast's OK but again, not great. It's located in Puxi but not the best spot. Service's good, can still address you by name, but not great, not very personal.	
Aug 24 2009 	The benchmark	They say first impressions are important - well at this hotel they were a knockout. Picture it, a boiling hot humid day and you step off the shuttle after a long flight. Someone takes your bags, another brings a bottle of water while you are whisked over to an effortless check in. All I had to do was get myself up to the room, the bags followed promptly with a smile. From this moment I received only the best in service from every member of staff I came in contact with. You will love the location, the decor, the comfy beds and soft towels. The quality amenities in your bathroom clearly give you a sense of what this establishment is all about. If I had to say anything negative it would be............ummm.....nope, can't think of anything. I hope the hotel reads this and if you do - CONGRATULATIONS! From a frequent traveller, you did a 10 out of 10 job!	
Aug 13 2009 	Service Exemplified	I never bother writing reviews, but am motivated to do so for the Four Seasons Shanghai because they really went above and beyond with helping with me in a tight spot. Without going into particulars, I can honestly say that I have never been more impressed with the level of service and attention that was provided in helping me secure a room and retrieve items I had left behind in their lounge. Whomever I dealt with, I wish I had gotten his name, was just great.	
Aug 11 2009 	Best in Shanghai for me	This is the best hotel for me. Water is clean and not smelly, while I had smelly water in other 5 star hotels in Shanghai before.This hotel quality is really as same as other four seasons hotel around the world.But this is my business stay, paid by company. I can't mention about price.	
May 28 2009 	Excellence throughout	From doormen on arrival to departure, through reception, rooms, room service, lounge, all dining rooms and bar, especially concierge staff, this was, over 16 days, an excellent and memorable experience.	
Apr 10 2009 	Very average property	Stayed at this property for 7 nights in March 09 in a Premier room. Pros:Rooms are spaciousProperty is location in a very good area for food, shopping and site seeingLots of eating options near by Pool is over 20 meters in lengthRoom service is good, reasonable delivery time, value for money, and practical menu optionsBuffet in the lobby cafe is better for dinner than breakfastCons:Inconsistent serviceStaff can be surly and not like other better Four Seasons propertiesDeco is room and hotel lobby, bar, gym, pool, etc is datedDust in corners in bathrooms, rooms, public areasPool and gym areas are under utilized as they are 'tucked' away and not easy to accessToo much chlorine in poolAirport pick up service with somewhat crazy driver (other drivers kept honking)Overall, not satisfying stay at those prices. Could have stayed at hotel across the street (Howard Johnson Business Suites) for 1/2 the price and get the same service and amenities.On the other section across from the hotel, land is being cleared and its suppose to be a New World property - keep checking as this location is good. That would be the only highlight of the trip for us.	
Apr 10 2009 	Loved the Hotel - Not the Location	The Four Seasons Shanghai was really nice (as you would expect from a FS), but we didn't love the location and would probably choose to stay in a different area next time. We got upgraded from a basic room and were on the top floor next to the Presidential Suite, so we had a good view of the city. The room was really big and the bathroom was huge, but the TV seemed a little bit outdated. The staff brought us fresh fruit each day and made sure we were comfortable through out our stay.We checked out the gym and the spa and they were both excellent. There's a decent size swimming pool and jacuzzi adjacent to the gym, plus a men's/women's lounge with fancy toiletries, a sauna, and a steam room. The lobby is definitely impressive and has a nice bar for cocktails at night. I used the business center twice while we were there and it's probably the nicest hotel business center I have ever seen.One thing about the hotel is that it's entrance seems to cause much confusion for Shanghai taxi drivers. When we first arrived, our driver drove up on the side walk in front of the hotel before realizing that it was not the entrance. Overall, we liked the hotel a lot, but it didn't love the location. The staff was attentive, but did not go out of their way to do anything special (as I have seen at other Four Seasons in the past). We will probably stay somewhere else next time.	
Mar 9 2009 	The Best Hotel in Shanghai	The Four Seasons Shanghai is truly an oasis nestled within the concrete and steel chaos that defines Shanghai. This is primarily a Four Seasons for business travelers and tourists making a quick jaunt around the city. The location is excellent, with great shopping and tourist sights a short walk away. The employees' level of English is fair, certainly not proficient, but the concierge is multilingual and eager to help or translate in any situation. I have yet to encounter a hotel in China with a staff of fluent English speakers.The breakfast/brunch is simply outstanding with freshly baked European style pastries, croissants, omelets and other dishes with top quality ingredients. Fabulous coffee, freshly squeezed juices and fast, attentive service. The toiletries are L'Occitane of course and are well stocked and of the highest quality. The sheets are a high count egyptian cotton with a generous down duvet making for a comfortable sleep. Our bathroom was well designed with great water pressure.Spa is excellent. Had a great massage and manicure.The top floor bar is a treat at the end of a long day with a pretty decent band and great views of the city. It may not be like a Four Seasons resort, but it is an amazing hotel.	
Jan 11 2009 	One great hotel!	Great location near the main shopping street but just off so we didn't hear the noise. Lovely rooms and great staff and the lobby lounge was particularly great- it had the high ceiling so you could really relax and just stare up and dream away to the music playing in the background. I was there for business, so a short trip and not much time in the hotel, but I am sure if I had stayed longer, I could have used more of the facilities. The breakfast was great though- food quality was exceptional and the service staff were friendly and polite. Business center was large and had the separate workstations with individual printing station. Nice magazine and newspaper selection as well. Overall a great stay- wish I could have spent more time there!	
Nov 18 2008 	Great service lovely room classy hotel but so so food	We stayed at the Four Seasons for 3 days in November on the following package:Bed and breakfast for 3 nights;Dimsum lunch at Si Ji Xuan restaurant; andSpa voucher of RMB1200 (RMB600 for 2 persons).The room was classy and stylish and the design couldn't be faulted. We loved the bed and the pillows and had great rest every night. Location was good and within walking distance of a metro station and getting a taxi was always easy when we needed one. Perhaps it was because we could speak the local language but we found service to be impeccable. The staff were responsive and unobtrusive. We enjoyed our dimsum lunch and our spa treatments although if it hadn't been for the spa voucher, we would have given it a miss as the prices are way beyond typical Shanghai standards (although very much in line with hotel spa prices). It was our first time at a Four Seasons Hotel and we don't think it'll be our last.We had a few quibbles about our stay though. First, the shower cubicle in the bathroom had a door with no suction and could be easily swung open. Also, the water drainage system in the shower cubicle took a long time to clear. When the two combined, it meant that water flowed to the bathroom floor each time we took a bath. That was quite unsatisfactory.Second, we didn't find the breakfast spread very impressive at all. Selection and variety were small and the quality of food was mediocre. We stayed at the Regal International East Asia for one night and also at the Peninsula in Beijing and both had far better breakfast spreads. At RMB470 for 2, we felt it overpriced - if we did not have it included in our booking, we would definitely have looked for alternatives. That said, Shanghai food is generally cheap anyway so there is no need to gripe about a lousy hotel breakfast; I just thought I'd highlight it as part of the entire Four Seasons breakfast.All in all, apart from the above minor flaws, we were very happy with our stay and the service we received and felt the Four Seasons did live up to its hype.	
Sep 26 2008 	Good hotel but not quite the usual Four Seasons standard	A nice hotel in a greal Location of Shanghai, near exclusive shopping, great restaurants, etc. While the building is good, with a nice lobby lounge, good restaurants and nice rooms, it doesn't quite come to the usual Four Seasons standards (especially the quality of service leaves a lot to be desired). Room was nice enough (stayed in centre suite), food at the hotel restaurants we tried was fine too, but service was not very satisfactory. Most of the staff spoke very little english, especially the night satff at the reception etc, so communication was mostly tiresome and lengthy. The hotel also [--] up our laundry on the last day, creating unnecessary stress before departure. All in all a nice experience, but one would definitely expect more when paying a grand a night. The worst Four Seasons I ever stayed so far. Next time in Shanghai we'll be staying at the Grand Hyatt in the awesome Jinmao Tower, which is a gorgeous hotel with fantastic views all over town, good food and great rooms (spent a bit of time there). Shanghai itself is a great city, well worth a trip and with plenty to do for 4-5 days.	
Sep 3 2008 	Getting old....	The four seasons Shanghai is getting old ! Nice location, great service but room above average.Don't give me wrong... ...it is a nice hotel but needs some work to do...	
Sep 1 2008 	Always first class	The Four Seasons in Shanghai is always a first class experience. they never fail to meet me at the door and welcome me by name. The rooms are fresh and immaculately clean and in perfect working order.For brief business stays where you need everything to work as advertised and for a relaxing 'homecoming' at the end of a day in Shanghai, it's my number one choice.Keep it up Four Seasons.	
May 13 2008 	Four Seasons is the Four Seasons	I stayed at the Four Seasons Shanghai for a 4 day work conference. I found the room to be extremely comfortable (in the same way that the other Four Seasons I have stayed at have been - Toronto &amp; Sydney). The twice daily maid service was prompt and thorough. My only &quot;complaint&quot; would be about the gym - although it had all the expected equipment, it was in a small room (not stuffy - it was air conditioned) without windows. If I was staying for a holiday, I probably wouldn't have cared - but on a business trip, the gym is often my only escape. Overall the food was decent, but it would not be fair for me to judge as my employer arranged for all meals and I am sure that cost was a factor (as well as feeding a large number of people). I did not have the opportunity to dine in any of the restaurants a la carte.	
May 13 2008 	Pure Class	Four Seasons Shanghai is without doubt the best hotel in Shanghai.The Location is good with plenty of things to do nearby and within a mile there is a selection of shopping mall's stocking world class brands.The FS is a relatively new hotel that is kept immaculate throughout, we opted for the bigger Premium room and was delighted with our choice lots of space and furnished to a very high standard.The bathroom area in particular was well designed and featured lots of wardrobe space, it is not high tech by any means however it is what you would expect from FS.The Lobby area at this hotel is amazing with a central bar and sophisticated reception featuring some of the best flower arrangements we have ever seen.This hotel although busy had a certain class about it and at no time did we feel uneasy, the staff were attentive and spoke very good english.We dined in all but one of the Restaurants and they where all first class, as was the Jazz Bar on the very top with great views of Shanghai as you sip your champagne a Mezzo selection was available and came in handy after our 2nd bottle.The Spa is very chic, a great selection of massages available and at a reasonable price and the masseurs are all very well qualified.Overall after looking at various other hotels whilst there I know I made the right choice, we nearly went for the Grand Hyatt this was very good but a little to hectic and not in the same class as FS.Overall I expected this hotel to be good because at the end of the day FS offers this across the board in all of its hotels and resorts, this one though will remain very special to us both as we celebrated my Wife's 40th Birthday there.The staff and the manager went to great lengths to make her day a special one from the flowers and cake to the signed card. I even filled out the hotel questionnaire and was pleased to receive a personal e-mail from the manager thanking me for my time.Finally a little advise on tours, we opted for a 1/2 day city tour that covered most of the sights this was great as we had our own guide and Mercedes book this with the concierge at a very reasonable price.A real peace of heaven in a hectic but like-able city.	
Feb 24 2008 	Five Star World Class Hotel	I spent a couple days at the Four Seasons in Shanghai and was very impressed. The hotel is kept in immaculate condition and the service was exceptional. The rooms have plenty of space and the beds were very comfortable. The bathrooms were huge and very clean. They even had L'Occitane soap and Shampoo which was a nice touch. I went swimming in the pool which is a nice place to relax after a hectic day in the city. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone that is planning to stay in Shanghai.	
Jan 19 2008 	Standard business hotel	Good hotel for business stays, but nothing more. I liked the location, but the hotel itself is not interesting - very similar to hundreds of other &quot;five stars&quot;. If you want to feel something unique try Hyatt in Shanghai	
Jan 12 2008	Good Business Hotel	The Four Seasons Shanghai is a good business hotel; rooms are comfortable and spacious, bathrooms are beautiful, lobby bar is okay, location is convenient. Overall the hotel is not a typical Four Seasons; it doesn't have that contemporary elegence feel, the restaurants and bars feel like hotel restaurants and bars. The pool and spa facilities are nice, but not amazing. The service is up to Four Seasons standards in every way. The staff will go out of there way to help you. And for Shanghai, the views are not great - so if you're lloking for the impressive skyline form the privacy of a hotel room, check in somewhere in Pudong.	
Nov 4 2007 	Very nice modern hotel - but expensive	This is a a typical smart modern hotel with good facilities and friendly staff. It was expensive and not quite in the centre of the action but a perfectly good place to stay with all the bits and pieces you would expect	
Oct 25 2007 	Service service service! great service	I've stayed Shanghai Four Seasons 4 times last year. I'm very satisfied with the room, service and food there. The only thing I have to complain is the coffee is too light for the breakfast buffet. when I stay there last time. I went to 4th floor (swimming pool) to get the coffee there.	
Sep 18 2007	Beware if you are organizing an event	We held a seminar for a week at the Four Seasons. While the level of general service and quality of food were very high, the audio-visual support was non-existent. Here are 2 examples: When their speakers failed us, the staff behaviour showed their complete lack of skills and could not fix the problem; and while checking the PA system in another part of the hotel they fed the sound into our room while our session was in progress. In addition, the meeting room had horrible acoustics. Finally, the moment our meeting ended they rushed in and removed our tables to prepare for another event. Fair enough -- that was when our booking ended -- but there was no warning and our material that was still scattered around found its way into the dustbins. Not exactly what you would expect from this class of hotel.	
Sep 16 2007 	nice hotel but not worth paying the big bucks for	I stayed at this hotel as part of a business trip. It was quite expensive. The hospitality was nice. They welcomed me into my room, brought in refreshments and tea. Took the luggage up for me... all good and probably expected of such a hotel. However, for the money spent per night on room, which was more than $200 a night. It was a very simple room. I mean, sure it was clean and comfortable. but I don't see anything too special about it to justify the money you are paying. It wasn't that big either. The hotel itself is nice and grand. the area around it was so so.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great Stay and Good Value	Stayed at the Le Meridian, Four Seasons, &amp; JC Mandarin in Shanghai during this trip. Here are my comments on the Four Seasons.Location: I prefer the less crowded location. Four Seasons located a several long blocks off of Nanjing and the JC Mandarin. There's a great local food street on Wujiang Street. About a block a way on Dagu Road you'll find a several coffee shops, day spas (e.g. Dragonfly), and dvd/stores.I thougt the Four Seasons was the good location because it was close to things and subway but still removed a bit from the crowds.Room: More of a tradional room and indicated by some of thecandid photos from previous posts. Very Clean and very nice. No plasma tv but still a great room.Service: I found the service the best at the Four Seasons of the places I stayed this trip. Seemed to me like the folks at the four seasons were a little more experienced. I had issues with a slow drain in the Four Seaons. Some came up and fixed it immediately. Four Season concierges were very helpful. Breakfast &amp; Fitness Room: Breakfast was similar asian breakfast. Solid.Cost/Value: Four Seaons ran a buy 2 days get one day free special in July through its website. Cheapest room was 1900 RMB/night w/ breakfast. Factor in the free day. It was a great deal. For a late night snack near the Hotel, walk to Wujiang street, wait in line and try Yangs Fried Duplings. About 3RMB per order. Cheap!Overall great stay.	
Aug 19 2007 	Great value	The four seasons in Shanghai may not live up to the standart of its bigger sister in New York, however she is great value. The price Vs. performance, is far better than in NY. It may not be as stylish and more of a &quot;buissiness interior&quot; But its clean, modern and very well run. If you are picky when arriving and inspecting your room, the friendly staff does anything to help you to be satisfied.We had a room at the top floor witha fantastic view overlooking the superelevetad highways, scyscrapers, superconstructions and the buzz of this supermetropolis. For us the locations was just great. 5 minutes to all major attractions by taxi. Not like the &quot;Regent&quot; where we stayed for the first night. That was far out of town, and thats why we changed to the Four Seasons.The spa area is superb, with a superb pool and superb service.Breakfast rich, however a bit factory like. But hey! its a BIG hotel and the food served for breakfast was great.I would book it any day again if i get a good rate.	
Jun 30 2007 	Horrible Experience - Stay at another Hotel	This hotel was terrible and the service was bad at best. The location is in the middle of nowhere, although taxis are cheap to get around in. Also, they served me raw chicken in CHINA!!! We were sick for days. They did apoligize, but the apologies certainly seemed empty.Also, we did a wine and cheese night and the staff had no idea what the wines and cheese were. The night was a debacle and again, we got apologies. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The management did not go out of thier way to help our situation either, even the upper management of Four Seasons. Trust me, you don't want to get sick from raw chicken in China. If this was a 3 star hotel, maybe this would be okay, but when you pay for the best you expect the best! Don't stay here!	
Jun 22 2007	Clean lovely pleasant hotel	I have nothing bad to say about the Four Seasons Shanghai. I wouldn't say it was utterly spectacular, but it was a VERY pleasant stay in a lovely hotel; very nice, attentive staff, incredibly clean, cozy, modern rooms, and a wonderful breakfast buffet. But it's very obvious once you step inside the hotel that they are mainly catering to a certain clientele - business men! They're everywhere. Like a freaky Magritte painting, men in business suits are all over the place. The lobby is small and sparse. I do however, have to compliment the incredibly kind front desk staff. Not one hitch during check-in; in fact I informed them that my husband would be arriving before me, and he had no problems obtaining a key even though the reservation was under my name. A bit on the pricey side, so we only stayed one night - but a very memorable stay over all.	
Jun 17 2007 	Our Favorite In Shangha	This is our favorite hotel in Mainland China. We have stayed here five times and each time we enjoyed our visit. There is an attention to detail we do not find at other hotels in this country. The warm service, the perfectly maintained and clean surroundings, the lovely rooms and the outstanding food. This is not to say this is a perfect Four Seasons, but compared to other Chinese Hotels, we find this property in a league of it's own.Rooms. We have tried the cheapest to the suite and prefer the Premier Room. It is very spacious and luxurious. There is a nice dressing area plus a good sized bathroom and a seating area. Some have fabuluous views. Service. Our first visit, three years ago was a bit rougher than our last visit this spring. They have really put together a great staff. They have a warmth you often don't find on hotel staff in China. Last visit they did the check in, not at the front desk but in our room, plus they usually send up a basket of goodies for my son.Upkeep. So many Chinese properties start to look run down quite quickly with chipped paint and stains, etc. Not here. It is all just like new.Food. Lovely breakfast with terrific service which has improved. Dinner service at the restaurants this last trip was not up to the standard we experienced previously.Location. Not as good as the J.W. Marriott, but worth the walk. Much better than anything in the Bund.	
May 11 2007 	Should not be a Four Seasons	This Four Seasons hotel did not live up to the Four Seasons standard which is usually great, so it was not good value for the money paid. FIrst of all its location is poor, not near Bund nor Old City, or shopping (to get there it's a 15 minute walk through a poor area). It's a 20-minute walk to the Shanghai Museum, but the hotel itself borders a traffic area with crossroads and overhangs. It is not near the Bund nor Pudong.The room was clean but small for Four Seasons standards, the lobby was loud and even the fountain was not a soothing presence but more of a rushing river that only added to the comomotion. Not a good value for the money spent, unlike other absolutely wonderful Four Seasons in Hong Kong for example. But in Shanghai, opt for the Hyatt in Pudong for view, location, ambiance and luxury. The Hyatt bars and restaurants which we visited were excellent and there were plenty of choices of restaurants there.	
May 7 2007	first class	I am setting in the lobby bar having my morning coffee. This place is spectacular. First class accomodations and first class service	
Feb 5 2007 	Beautiful Property Quite Central	This is a beautiful Five Star property in the center of Pu Xi, the Western (and livelier) part of Shanghai. In case you need to say the name of the hotel in Chinese it is Si Ji Jiu Dian. Although there are no malls or lively street life nearby, it is only really a 5 minute cab ride away from a lot of diifferent attractions. The rooms are very tastefully decorated and don't have that look of wear and tear so often present in Shanghai hotels. I stayed only one night, I wish I could have stayed longer!	
Dec 23 2006 	I Lived Like a King at the Four Seaons	When we were in Shanghai, we stayed at the Four Seasons for a little over a week and spent another 3 nights at the Intercontinental. Both were rated as 5 star hotels but the reality was, the Four Seasons just wiped the floor with the Intercontinental in so many ways. It was no contest.First things first, the location of the Four Seasons in Puxi was perfect. Situated far away from the crowds of Nanjing Rd but within a comfortable walking distance to Huai Hai Rd (and Xin Tian Di), I could not think of a better location in Shanghai that offered a better insight into the city. This area had character. It was more than just the glass and concrete high-rises, the chaotic crowds, the insane traffic and the general hustle and bustle that is Shanghai. You had the restaurants and night markets along Wu Jiang Rd, the high-street fashion of Nanjing Rd West, the modern but pleasant shopping strip around Huai Hai Rd (unlike Nanjing Rd East) and the more eclectic nature of Puxi rather than the staid and clinical air of Pudong.If you enjoy exploring a city on foot then this is the place to be. The nearest subway station is also a stone’s throw from the hotel if you get sick of walking everywhere and taxis are dirt cheap if public transport is not your taste. Pudong is nice but I felt more at home and welcoming in Puxi.We stayed in a regular Superior Room and didn’t have the luxury of being upgraded to a deluxe or premier room but it didn’t matter – it still felt like heaven. The rooms were ultra clean, the service was impeccable, the staff were friendly and helpful and the facilities were top notch. My missus works in the hotel industry and she is uber-critical when it comes to accommodation. Even she had a hard time faulting the Four Seasons Shanghai. I made use of the business centre and was highly impressed with how everything was setup (except for the slower than usual broadband internet connection) and the gym and pool would be the envy of any paradise tropical resort. It honestly felt like we were on a second honeymoon if it weren’t for the fact that I was actually in Shanghai for work.I highly recommend the Four Seasons if you can manage to get a better deal than the burn-a-hole-in-the-wallet rack rate of 3,300 RMB. Otherwise, you would expect nothing less than being treated like royalty if you had to fork out that sort of dosh. This hotel was the highlight of my stay in Shanghai.	
Dec 8 2006 	Spacious excellent service and one of the best hotels in china	This is one of the best Four Seasons I have ever stayed. The service is amazing, the rooms and bathrooms space are amazing. The space compared to the other 5 star hotels in China is incredible.	
Nov 21 2006	Great gym	For the wonderful name that the Four Seasons has, I thought the rooms and hotel were just adequate to nice. It's a nice hotel, but not fantastic or exciting. I will give it the highest rating as having one of the best gyms of any hotel I've been to. Also, the bar was pretty lively with a really cute singer!	
Nov 11 2006 	Should be called the Two Seasons?	A major disappointment after our stay in Hong Kong at the Ritz Carlton! Although we had arranged a Club Room, at check in, which should have taken place in the club lounge, we had a somewhat cold reception from an incompetent employee. Having been told our room would not be ready for some time despite it being about 1345, half way through the process we were abruptly ordered to the club lounge where everything we had been told to that time was reversed and we were then taken to our room. Disappointment would have to be an understatement! I thought we were at the wrong hotel- was this the 1 1/2 Seasons? Very small rooms, spartan by comparison with other sister properties, and the basic &quot;lemon&quot; decor, of a very low quality did little to make up for the view of the cooling towers of the adjacent shabby high rise we were staring into some 15 metres away out the window! Have you experienced that sinking feeling when you have payed top dollar for what should be a great room only to be greeted with a property that is more in keeping with a basic business hotel in Wuhan? Further, having highly recommended the Four Seasons chain to my &quot;well to do &quot;,but frugal friend, I was acutely embarassed! The &quot;limp&quot; fruit bowl thrust abruptly through the door a few moments later did not improve my feelings about the place. The staff had little English, seemed poorly trained and almost unfriendly. Such a contrast to the excellent Four Seasons Singapore which I love. The lounge was ok; again better English is needed and the Stalinist attitudes need to be reviewed. I could not help but feel there needs to be more &quot;hands on&quot; by the manager and better training all around. This is not the Four Seasons as most of us know it. The surrounding area is uninteresting and seemed miles from anywhere. The concierge was helpful with print outs of areas of interest.I could not help but think that a number of &quot;generic&quot; hotels looking all much the same had been put up in this area of Shangahi, and the Four Seasons had picked one up to get a foot hold in Shanghai. Whatever, the brand is not represented well by this property, and the hotel to us was a big disappointment, particularly aftger staying at their properties in Singapore and Hong Kong. I gather they are building a property in Pudong- let's hope it is better than this place!For the money, there must be much better in Shanghai, but would someone please let me know where it is!	
Oct 24 2006	One of Best Hotels I have stayed at	The best way to sum up my experience at the Four Seasons in Shanghai is to say this is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. I have stayed at many Four Seasons and Ritz Carltons, etc., but this hotel exceeds all others. The facility is new, so the rooms, etc. are all in excellent shape. The food is excellent, but what truly distinguishes this hotel is the service. The staff at the hotel cannot do enough for you, and truly treat you like royalty. After making the long trip to China, there is no better place to get over the jet lag than at the Four Seasons.The location of this hotel is great as well. You are walking distance to museums, shopping and restaurants and just a short cab ride to the bund. No negatives, if you are going to Shanghai, can't go bad staying here...	
Sep 29 2006	Lovely Lobby	This hotel is lovely from the moment you walk in. My room was elegant with a beautiful bath. Very clean room, excellent laundry service and lavish buffet breakfast. Very nice little hotel shop too. The business center is small but nice and I never had to wait for a computer. I felt very comfortable here. It has a relaxing atmosphere which is welcome in such a large city.	
Aug 27 2006 	Excellent!	Everything about this hotel is true 5 star quality. We stayed for 3 nights in a Premier room (60 sq. m.) with a king and a cot for our teenager. Requested and received a high floor view. Room, bathroom and all fittings and fixtures were immaculate. Airport pick up service was great as was check in. Food is spectacular in the main cafe restaurant. Had the evening buffet one night and thought I'd died and gone to heaven. Location is close to Nanking Road with interesting side streets and local restaurants. The Four Seasons will not disappoint and in my opinion is even better than Four Seaons Singapore, which is also a great hotel. Don't hesitate to stay if you can afford the slightly high rates.	
Aug 14 2006 	Fabulous Hotel!	Our stay at the Four Seasons in Shanghai was fabulous, we traveled with our family including 2 children ages 10 &amp; 11 yrs. The kids loved the pool and swam everyday! The staff is very friendly and concierge spoke exellent English. Be sure to have the concierge write on a card where you would like to go in Mandarin then you can show it to a taxi driver, they have these nifty cards with a map on the back that made traveling around the city very easy by taxi. The buffet breakfast was great, as well as the other restuarants in the hotel. Be sure to check our #580 Nanjing Lu Road for ALL of the shopping knock offs, if you don't see what you want just ask, much is in secret rooms in the back (hidden from officials). Be sure to visit &quot;Cloud 9&quot; top of the Grand Hyatt 87th floor for good views! We will definitely come here again, and you can not go wrong staying at the Four Seasons!	
Jul 7 2006 	Great Asian hotel	This hotel is the best in China that I have encountered. Very nice and large rooms with good spa facilities. Chinese restaurant is excellent and breakfasts are wonderful with a great selection. Food is varied enough that I did not become bored with selection even over a multi-day stay. Best of all is the service level. I became ill and the concierge found me an excellent English-language health clinic. Other aspects of service are also excellent. I find the neaby neighborhood interesting (in contrast to some other reviews) since a little bit of &quot;old Shanghai&quot; remains, with a few block walk, which is fast disappearing throughout the city. Overall, the 4S in Shanghai rates with the best hotels found in Bangkok, Singapore and Hong Kong. I have been there twice and look forward to returning.	
Jul 6 2006	Nice but rough around the edges	I stayed at the Four Seasons Shanghai for a week in late June while my husband attended a conference. I think his company booked almost the entire hotel, as our group of over 400 had the run of the place for the week we were there. We might have overwhelmed the staff, since the service was a bit inconsistent, and the food was only so-so at the (admittedly huge) breakfasts, lunches, and dinner buffets. I ordered room service once, and it was a lot tastier than what they served during our meals!I also had several spa treatments, which were pretty inconsistent. The pool was amazing though--I quickly established a daily ritual of swimming right before breakfast every day. The hotel is nicely decorated, and the staff is eager to help if a bit rough around the edges. All in all, doesn't live up to some other Four Seasons, but its off to a good start.	
Jun 18 2006	Wonderful Service but so-so location	Fabulous service especially if you include Club Floor privileges. They greet you at curbside ( I had ordered a car from the hotel) wisk you to your room and check you in there. Rooms are great..bed was very comfortable..bathroom very luxurious. Club Floor was terrific..you can have them make dinner and other reservations. You can even checkout there. Great wine, 2 computers for your use and good breakfast and cocktail hour. A great place to start out your visit to Shanghai. While centrally located there is nothing interesting to directly walk to within a block or two from the hotel. Surroundings are a little dumpy. And everything that looks like 2 blocks on the map ends up being much farther. But definitely a good choice for the first couple nights. Much better than the Ritz which has a location too far away from anything but designer stores...why go there..we have those in the US. Also the Ritz has a very bad, huge covered entrance..with many tour buses etc. J. W. Marriot has a better location than either of these.Right acoss form People's Park and the Shanghai Art Museum and Katheen's 5 restaurant...all great. I did not go inside the JW but it looked good from the exterior.	
Jun 7 2006	Fantastic Hotel	I just returned from a three night stay in this fantastic hotel (May 27-30, 2006). Service was superb, rooms were spacious and very comfortable (Premier Club room), Club Lounge was very comfortable &amp; efficient with excellent choices for breakfast and great selection of drinks in evening (as well as appetizers). Location was good (closer to Bund than Ritz Carlton), with a nice (long) walk to the Bund. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Shanghai. The hotel went beyond my expectations and I've stayed in many fine hotels around the world. After departing the hotel and arriving in Beijing, I realized I'd left music CD's in the room. I emailed the hotel to see if they could ship them to me in Atlanta...they offered to overnight them to my hotel in Beijing, free of charge. Excellent choice in Shanghai. Also highly recommend Jean Georges for a splurge dinner in Shanghai. The view of the bund and across to Pudong with the light show at night is spectacular.	
Jun 4 2006	Great Hotel	An oasis of calm, luxury and comfort in the heart of Shanghai. Everyone from bellman to the spa staff are polite and helpful. The rooms offer all of the comforts of home - bright open spaces with a great view of the Shanghai skyline - wonderful as the sun goes down and the lights come on.Want to arrange something extra special? Call on assistant concierge Tristan Huang for all of your needs - a delightful person and true professional - to make it happen.	
Jun 3 2006 	fantastic four seasons	Just back from a business trip to Shanghai and loved the Four Seasons Hotel. Room:I was in one of the Superior rooms which was very large by European standards. There was a king size bed, widescreen TV &amp; DVD player, an armchair, internet connection, excellent clothes storage &amp; still plenty of free floor space to move around in. The bathroom was also very big, immaculately clean with a brilliant shower. Other nice touches included the complimentary L'Occitane toiletries (refreshed as quickly as you used them), the bathrobes and the slippers. Breakfast:It was buffet style &amp; had pretty much every conceivable style of breakfast food you could think of ordering. Everything I tried was good. We had 1 meal in the restaurant (the Chinese one - there are other styles available), and though not the best meal we had, was pretty good for a hotel.Location:Regrettably, I didn't have time to do as much exploring as I would have liked, so didn't get a great impression of the lie of the land &amp; where the hotel was in relation to other sites. It seemed central enough though - you could walk to the Bund in 30 mins &amp; there were interesting markets and stalls in the near vicinity.Service:I'm usually a little scepical about service, and would be of the attitude that the most important thing about a hotel is the room. It has to be said though, that the staff at the Four Seasons really do go out of their way to make your stay comfortable. All staff, without exception, were very polite, any requests I made were dealt with immediately &amp; there were some other nice touches such as complimentary water and fruit in the rooms.Gym:I didn't use it, but one of my colleagues said it was the best he'd ever seen in a hotel.Price:I paid around EUR 100 a night (excluding breakfast) - amazing value for the quality of the hotel for anyone with a European perspective.Overall, I whole-heartedly recommend the Four Seasons.	
May 15 2006	A haven of calm	My wife and I spent three nights here in May 2006. We ended up getting upgraded to an executive suite, which is always a nice way to start a stay. The executive level on the 37th floor provides a lounge with free breakfast, nibbles in the early afternoon and cocktails in the early evening, as well as two PCs for internet access. Rooms. The room we had (admittedly a suite) was spacious, and had two important features: a really excellent shower (with good water pressure) and a very comfortable bed. The Chinese seem to go in for very hard beds in even their luxury hotels, and so this was a relief in that it was an excellent matress - extremely relaxing to sleep in. The TV was OK rather than gigantic, and the level of furnishing was of a good standard. The room was maintained very well. Also, bedside lighs were of good quality and so allowed reading in bed - frequently a problem even in expensive places.Laundry - though I ticked the &quot;ordinary&quot; box (next day service) this came back within four hours!Si Ji Xuan restaurant (one of six in the hotel). This did good quality dim sum at a very fair price (around GBP 10 for plenty of food and tea). You can find better in Hong Kong or London is you search it out, but this was nonetheless very good. We also tried it for dinner and had a pleasant meal: good Sichuan prawns though a rather ordinary Beijing duck (go to the Grand Hyatt in Beijing for this) but certainly a very pleasant meal. Service: Excellent at all stages in our experience: friendly, competent. Pool and spa. There is a very pleasant indoor pool (though no view as such) on the fourth floor. The gym is of a very good standard, with plenty of cardio machines and a reasonable range of weights, including free weights. There is just one rowing machine which I never could figure out the settings of. Machines mostly have little TVs which you cna plug headphones into and wathc while you exercise. Decor: there are some nice art deco style touches e.g. the 37th floor lift area, though overall this is an America busness hotel, so the style is tasteful rather than very stylish.Location: conveniently near the French quarter, which has a delighful pedestrainised area with bars and restaurants (e.g. the excellent T8 restaurant) popular with expats. It is a few minutes taxi ride away from the Bund, and doesn't have a particularly spectacular view (go to the Grand Hyatt in Pudong for 87th floor views). Perhaps a setting on the Bund would be better for tourists, but this is certainly not inconvenient. Overall, a very good stay, and I would be very happy to return.	
May 11 2006	Four Seasons saved our trip tp Shanghai!	We moved to the Four Seasons having checked out after one day from the Grand Hyatt (see my review to know why!). The FS is everything the GH is not. Discrete. Calm. Welcoming. Well-located. First the location. An earlier reviewer commented negatively on the neighbourhood but I couldn't disagree more. The neighbouring streets offer a very interesting insight onto Shanghai life away from the high-rise and always felt safe to us. Plus it is a five minute walk to the main metro line (which runs to the Maglev terminal, if you're travelling that way). The hotel is also on the edge of the French Concession which we found to be the main area to go at night for restaurants and during the day for shopping. We had booked a Premier Room but, after a bad experience at the Hyatt, asked to see the room before we checked in. They were very patient and showed us two rooms before me made the choice. The room was a very good size with an interesting view back towards the downtown area - beware, however, as I heard someone in the lift complaining that their room overlooked a building site on the other side of the hotel. I can understand those reviewers who complain that the standard of fittings in the room just isn't up to the luxurious standard expected from a FS. The cupboard doors and drawers were very thin and poor; the tv was small; and the room generally just didn't seem to have enough furniture in it. But it had everything we needed, there was plenty of space and the bed was wonderful.Service levels in the hotel, while not quite up there with the FS Hong Kong, were a welcome relief from the standard Shanghai brusqueness. Do go to the Chinese restaurant for a dim sum lunch - the lady who served us was delightful, talked us through the different choices and their sauces and kept our tea cups constantly filled! As we had just decamped from the Hyatt this lunch - a mere 15 pounds a head - calmed us down and assured us we had made the right decision. Special mention also to Helen the concierge who arranged everything from restaurants to train tickets efficiently and helpfully.This may not be the best FS in the world but it must surely be one of the best hotels in Shanghai. This is not really a city for tourists and even the FS was mainly filled with business people. Yet the atmosphere was so much more congenial and relaxed than the Hyatt and the location for sightseeing is unbeatable. Stay here and you won't regret it.	
May 6 2006	Loved It	Stayed here for 5 nights in March and I loved it. Excellent service all around and with great L'Occitane products for use. Concierge was very helpful when needed and hotel is pretty close to Xiang Yang Market, Xian Tian Di, Yu Yuan Gardens, Nanjing Road, etc. I would definitely stay here again in the future.	
May 2 2006	An oasis in Shanghai	We stayed 4 nights at the Four Seasons on the 30th floor in a Center Suite. We were upgraded from our reserved Executive Suite. The room was wonderful with every amenity that you would expect from a luxury hotel. The service is incredible and we looked forward to the welcome back greeting every time we returned to the hotel. The concierge staff handled all our plans without a hitch. It could not have been better. Breakfast at the Studio Cafe was elaborate and delicious. The Four Seasons is an elegant retreat in hectic Shanghai. We couldn't have been more pleased with our choice.	
Apr 30 2006	A very nice business hotel in Shanghai	True to the Four Seasons brand, this is an excellent hotel to stay at on the Puxi side, very centrally located and not too far from anything. The rooms are very nice, the bathrooms have L'Occitane products.	
Mar 20 2006	Great hotel with excellent rooms	Stayed two times in March'06. Excellent rooms with great views. Great breakfast buffet with fresh orange juice (a rarity in China). Great facilities, including spa. Very convenient location close to People's Square and the French Consession.	
Feb 19 2006 	The best hotel I have every stayed in	I work in corporate travel and have been fortunate to stay in some great hotels throughout the world. The FS Shanghai is probably the best hotel I have yet stayed in. From the moment you arrive, you are treated with the most wonderful, courteous care and attention and made to feel very special. The room I stayed in was a junior suite and was very generously sized with separate seating area. The bed was enormous and extrememly comfortable with very soft sheets and a quilt. I especially loved the bathroom which had a very deep decadent bathtub and separate walk-in shower cubicle. The complimentary toiletries are by French Provence company L'Occitane and smell delightful. Running a bath takes around a minute thanks to some very powerful plumbing! At the time of my visit I had been feeling unwell and the hotel were very attentive, sending their own in-house Doctor and translater to my room who gave me exceptionally good care. I ate in the hotel on three occasions- room service Chinese breakfast which arrived promptly and was delicious and also a buffet breakfast and brunch in the ground floor restaurant. The choice of food at the buffets was staggering and lovely touches like ice-sculpted swans made it feel very special. If you are going to Shanghai then the Four Seasons is the ultimate in comfort and combined with the wonderful staff and great accommodations I wouldn't stay anywhere else. Absolutely fantastic.	
Jan 12 2006	Great Hotel - Don't stay anywhere else	Stayed at the Four Seasons 28 Dec 05 for 6 nights. What a lovely hotel. The staff were fantastic. Each time we returned to the hotel we were greeted with &quot;Hello and welcome back&quot; We had a centre suite which was extremely comfortable and spacious. Very large bathroom. Nice little touches such as fresh flowers around the suite. We got a great deal with their &quot;third night free promotion&quot;. The gym was well equipped. The change rooms/spa area was the best I have seen in a hotel. There was EVERYTHING one would need. It is a little further away from things than the Marriott (which did not seem as personal as the FS) but taxis are so cheap it didn't matter. If going to Shanghai stay at the FS. I have stayed at many excellent hotels around the world and the FS rates up there with any of them. Also visit Jean Georges Restaurant at Three on the Bund. - Fantastic!!	
Nov 25 2005	Very Nice Hotel Would Stay at Grand Hyatt Next Time	Stayed at the Four Seasons for 2 nights in June 2005. Beautiful hotel, as you would expect from the Four Seasons. The room was huge, had a separate dressing room, and a large gorgeous bedroom. Service was excellent. The spa was wonderful and very reasonably priced. Loved the Western-style buffet breakfast. The only drawback was that the hotel was a bit out of the way. The Grand Hyatt in the Jin Mao Tower with all its great restaurants is obviously &quot;the place to stay.&quot; It's younger and more touristy. The Four Seasons is more mature and private.	
Nov 14 2005	Great Hotel	Great hotel. Excellent service, well located to the main attractions. Maybe I expected a little more from the breakfast, but a plus is that it can be served in your room at no extra cost (at least I wasn't charged anything).Hotel is new, rooms are good size, nice bathtubs. I'd stay there again for sure. A downside is that restaurants close at 10pm, but it's like this in all of Shanghai (don't ask me why, I simply can't understand...). Make sure you eat before that!!!Tip - do use the taxis, they're convenient and incredibly cheap.	
Nov 10 2005	Sooo Bad! Usual 3 star experience from Four Seasons!	My wife and I went on a Spa package that they offered. We had to carry our own bags as we entered the hotel. Front desk courtesy was poor. The Spa was a awful. The massage was terrible, quality of a 5 year old giving it to you. We contacted the General manager Peter Weber. He never stepped out of his office to talk to us. He gave us a 30 US dollar credit for the bad massage, but he just gave us our money back. At the Breakfast Buffet they had you set up amoung the uncleaned bar from the night before. Also witnessed very unhealthy practices at the breakfast buffet by the employees.1. Waiter digging his hand in the cold dry cereal containers to grab a hand full to put into his mouth. Several times.2. Chef sneezing without covering his mouth in the middle of the breakfast buffet, then touching all hot food chaffing dishes as he visual inspected. Several sneezes/touched every dish.Peter Weber the General Manager never came to visit us face to face as we requested. The hotel is flawed in many ways! Recommend staying at the JW Marriott, better local and great service!!!	
Oct 20 2005 	Getting better as it goes....	The FSS has improved since my last stay there in June. Its service standard has gone up and I am impressed that they treat their return guests very well. The nice touches of remembering my preferrence for Chinese snacks (and not milk chocs), my love for dark chocolates and my need for extra mineral water, etc all these tell me that I should return to FSS again... which I will do so in Fenruary next year!	
Oct 10 2005 	beyond my expetation	Four Seasons in Shanghai is a low-profile luxury kind of hotel. It's a hidden gem. I fell in love with it the moment I stepped in the lobby.It's spotless clean, the flower arrangements are breath taking and the staffs are friendly. I tried 2 of their restaurants, both are good.I really enjoy my stay. Highly recommand.	
Aug 30 2005 	Pleasantly surprised		
Aug 8 2005 	Oasis in bustling shanghai		
May 2 2005	Lovely hotel in Shanghai		
Jan 19 2005	Fabulous 4 Seasons		
Jan 15 2005	Very dissapointing for a Four Seasons		
Jan 6 2005	Four Seasons in one day!		
Dec 6 2004	Good but atypical Four-Seasons		
Nov 24 2004	A rather dissappointing stay at this Four Seasons		
Oct 13 2004	OK but more like 3 or 4 star service		
Jul 4 2004	Loved the fresh flower arrangement...		
Aug 19 2009 	????????????????????		
Oct 29 2008 	???????		
Oct 27 2008 	excelentes detalles		
Oct 24 2008 	????????		
Apr 2 2008 	exzellentes Hotel in guter Lage		
Sep 2 2007 	Un buon albergo		
