Jun 7 2009 	Good Location Small Suites But Comfortable	The Hotel Location is perfect, close to the downtown. The Suites are pretty comfortable with one Living room, a Kitchenette &amp; a bedroom. If you want to cook something then its a good place. The rooms on higher floor gives good view &amp; people seem to know this place very well.	
Feb 11 2009 	Very nice clean suite	If it's not for the subpar location, this hotel would have been a great pick. Located at a quiet residential area of Shanghai, this hidden gem has one of the biggest hotel rooms I have ever seen and I have been to quite a few places (see my profile) !As the hotel name has suggested, all hotel rooms are suites with really nice living room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. I had the best sleep ever on my business trips here. The only knock was its location. Some of the local taxi drivers did not know this place at all so be sure to carry a local map or the hotel's business card with you just in case. There's no decent restaurant within walking distance other than a Shanghaiese restaurant to the left of the hotel next to a motel. No convenience store could be spotted nearby as well.	
Nov 5 2008 	Excellent	I was there for 3 weeks. This HOJO is nothing like the North American HOJO, this one is so so much better! I've travelled quite a bit and I can tell you that the rooms are as good as it shows on their website. There are lots of hotels which tries to show how pretty the room is but when you're actually there, the quality of the room is nothing as it looked on their website, but for HOJO, you won't believe it but its better than what it shows on their site. Believe it! Beautiful suite with a nice kitchen &amp; sink but you'll have to buy your own pots &amp; pans :) which is no biggie..The bed is king size...good mattress, pillows...everything was excellent..there is nothing I would complain about this place and trust me, I am very picky person, so if I say its good...its REALLY GOOD!! You'll thank me for this recommendation. Another good thing about this place is because I stayed from 3 weeks, the sales person, his name is Frank and he offered me a washing machine in my room. The moment I checked in, they brought the washing machine in and set it up in the balcony. This was very convenient for me because as I said, I'm picky person and I would prefer to do my own laundry. He also gave me free access to internet. The staff are extrememly friendly and the cleaner cleans the room every single day and by the time I'm off work, the room is nice and fresh! The bathroom is equiped with almost any need..and they replace every single day! The only only thing that I should say is missing is a swimming pool, that would have been great had there been one..but its no biggie for me because Shanghai is such a beautiful city and I'd rather go out and visit places. Convenience wise, its ok...doable...I should say...taxi is available anytime ...of course...anywhere else...during rush hours its always longer...but otherwise its great! Staff downstairs are very friendly and helpful. There is a travel agency downstair and the guy working there is also Frank. Very helpful at all times and took real good care of me and help me organise my weekend trips to Hangzou etc. Finally...its a really nice hotel ...and worth the money...and honestly...it made my stay very more comfortable! Would definitely stay again if I'm back in Shanghai!	
Jun 16 2008 	Great rooms with friendly staff	For approx A$120 per night we had a magnificent apartment with King size bed. The quality of the fixtures and fittings were top class. The facilities were excellent with separate TV's in lounge and bedroom, and fully equipped kitchen.Prices and food quality were also very good in the Monet Restaurant - but, there were only a few tables occupied on the Saturday evening we were there.The staff were efficient and very friendly - broken English, but passable.Yes, there is a downside and that is distance from centre of town. However, a taxi to The Bund will only cost you A$4, so is that really an issue?We would stay there again, and thoroughly recommend it.	
Mar 2 2008	Like your own private apartment	Was booked at this hotel by my local business contact. I have to admit I was not feeling good about being in a Howard Johnsons, but this hotel is a former luxury apartment building. Each room is a lavish suite with kitchen, bath, separate bedroom, living room, and office nook. Beautifully appointed. Nice big walk-in shower. Fancy bathroom sink. Highly recommended.	
Jan 15 2008	A recommended hotel	The hotel has an excellent location. Just a few minutes walk from Nanjing Road and the subway stations. It does not take you long to walk to the Bund as well.( Last time I went to Shanghai i stayed at Westin. Of course the services provided by Westin provided was of higher quality, but the cost was much much higher too.)We had 2 rooms and both were clean and comfortable. The serivce was quite good as well. We booked the hotel through a travel agent. The price was reasonable compared to the services provided. I will recommend my friends to stay there if they go to Shanghai.	
Aug 15 2007 	Best Hotel in Shanghai	Howard Johnson All Suites Shanghai is the place to stay! I am a frequent traveller where I travel from Hong Kong to Shanghai every week, arrive on every Friday and depart on Sunday. Somtimes I stay for 3 nights depending on the situation. The hotel itself has a nice lobby, although the staff members sometimes are not too quite friendly but it is manageable. The room itself is very large and clean! No complains there. Comfy beds and for the price for around 500 - 600 rmb, you get a suite with the necessary amenities, coffee maker, mini bar, refrigerator, bottled water, washroom amenities. Transportation is very convienient versus the 5 stars hotel like the le meridien etc.. As the hotel is located in a more suburb area, taxi quantities seems to be more around that area!	
Jul 16 2007 	Good Hotel	The Howard Johnson offers you more than only a hotelroom; large suites with own kitchen and seperate living and bedroom.The Howard is small compared to other big Shanghai Hotels. The rooms are very well equipt, chairs, a large sofa, flatscreen television and large workdesk. The bed is large and sleeps ok. The rooms is decorated very nice with good paintings and colours on the walls.The bathroom is ok, large but simple equipt.The staff is friendly but thats all, roomservice menu is small but quality and pricing are ok.So far everything is ok, altough I personally got one negative point.Because the rooms are large and equipt as a appartment and because all the rooms are located very private you can feel lonely. Maybe a litlle bit strange to post in a review but i really felt it this way, the rooms remind me at home, and you dont see lots of guests. Overall; good place to stay, reasonable pricing, small.	
May 11 2007 	Good Value for Money But do not expect a good service	I stayed in the HJ All Suites Hotel last year for the whole December before I found a nice Apartment. The Suites are about 50 sqm. You can choose between 1 or 2 bedroom suites with spacious living area, small kitchen but no kitchen supplies and a more or less big bathroom. The shower was ok and the heating bulbs were working. The Air condition, which is at the same time the heater was not really working in the bedroom. Therefore I had to leave my curtains closed for almost the whole 4 weeks. The staff is firendly but of actual no help. At the check in they could not find the reservation made by my company. It took me about 1 hour to check in. I ate only one time in the restaurant and had twice room service. It was ok but I thought a little bit too expensive. The location is only reachable by Taxi or you walk about 15 minutes to the next Subway station. The door man were friendly but did only know the famous places in Town. Otherwise you are better off without them. I would recommend the place again because of the spacious rooms but not because of the service.	
May 7 2007 	Small but good rooms	Neat and clean rooms.Good value for money. Some of the rooms are small and can do better. We didnt have the air con working in the sitting area, but didnt matter too much and they could have fixed it. Overall average experience, could have been better	
Feb 22 2007 	Good for Business not for Pleasure	I was recently in China on business and had the chance to stay in some pretty nice hotels. I ended my trip with a few days in Shanghai for some relaxation and stay at the Howard Johnson All Suites Hotel ( not to be confused with the Howard Johnson Plaza Hotel). If you are staying at this hotel, make sure the taxi driver knows which one it is because mine didn't. I ended up at the Howard Johnson Plaza which is quite a ways away and actually in a better location. Who would have thought there would be two Howard Johnsons in Shanghai?Getting back to the hotel experience. Everyone was very nice and helpful, for the most part, when I arrived and checked-in. The only problem I had was the bell hop never brought my bag to my room. I ended up having to go back down to the lobby and get my bag and bring it up myself. No big deal. The food at the hotel was average but they did have a good breakfast in the morning. The room was very big with a seperate sleeping area, kitchen, large bathroom and living area. My only complaint about the room is the bed. The bed was hard as a rock. As this was true, it isn't necessarily a bad thing in China. Every hotel I stayed in had rock hard beds and they were all &quot;5 star&quot; hotels. One of the other American hotels in Shanghai may have softer beds.As for the location of the hotel, it isn't very good if you are there for vacation or leisure. There is really nothing within a short walking distance. I went out for a walk on a Saturday night and found no nightlife or shopping in the area. I did happen to find a cool hole-in-the-wall bar called Charlie's Coffee Bar on Nanjing W Rd. It had a nice atmosphere and the drinks were expensive.Next time I will stay closer to the shopping areas when I am in Shanghai but if you are there on business, this is a great place to stay.	
Aug 29 2006 	tasteful	The business suite was huge and you could really make it your home away from home there was even a kitchenette which I did not use but was a nice touch, the serivce was excellent, and the rooms very clean. The location was a bit far from everything and there were no special restaurants or attractions nearby but then you can't have everything, as the price was good. I would stay there again, it's close the hongqiao airport as well, and the hotel is well managed!	
May 29 2006	Suites a good choice accommodation	I stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment (2 couples) and we all enjoyed the stay. The rooms are large and each bedroom has a very comfortable Kingsize bed. Only one toilet/ bathroom. But has a kitchen, small office area and large lounge area. Also stayed for 2 nights in a one bedroom suite. This also had a good kingsize bed and small kitchenette. and shower (in both suites - no bath).Good small gym and business centre (open 8am to 10) Internent 10y for 10 mins then 1 y for each other minute, not fast, unfortunately.Service by the bellboys/conceirge was very good. Free China Daily and USA today available if you are fast.Check out service could do with some modernisation.I booked thru an internet site wotif and got excellent rates for the first 2 nights and when I wanted to extend my stay in the one br suite they sent me back to the website because they could not match the price.I would definitely opt for this choice if back in Shanghai. Caution There is a HJ hotel and a HJ All suites Hotel in Shanghai.	
May 7 2006 	A ship is only as good as its crew	A ship is only as good as its crew. The Howard Johnson as a hotel appears magnificent and there is no reason why it should not be. However;1 Arrived at the hotel to have room number scribbled down wrong.2 Showed up for breakfast and did not find bacon, sausages, hash browns etc in their places and had to chase up staff to get on top of the situation on 3 separate occasions (we stayed 5 nights).3 Used the shower after use of the pool and stood on a cigarette end in there.4 Had no faith in the door staff putting you in a taxi and sending you in the right direction, on our leaving we did use them one more time to ask taxi driver to take us to maglev train, to take us to airport, he took us straight to airport!!5 Hotel concierge by name only, great if you don’t ask any questions.Chose this hotel on recommendations from web, I suspect a managerial shake up would improve things here, as its stands I wouldn’t go back. Great hotel, motley crew!	
Mar 19 2006	On your own!	I hate to have to write this review, but after nearly missing my flight due to the negligence of the staff, I feel like I need to warn others. The Howard Johnson is indeed a luxury hotel in terms of appearance - a beautiful lobby, rooms, and spa. But it is not a luxury hotel in terms of service. I had booked transportation to the airport through the hotel and was told to wait in the lobby and they would inform me when the shuttle had arrived. 10 minutes after the scheduled departure I became worried so went to ask at the desk. As it turns out the shuttle had come and gone with no notice from the staff. To make matters worse they offered no alternate method of transportation, or even an apology. Thank God my partner spoke Mandarin and we were able to get a taxi (at 3X the price) to take us there. It was such a terrible way to have to end my vacation in Shanghai, I just don't want anyone else to have the same experience.	
Dec 2 2005	Fab suite!	We were upgraded by reception to a deluxe suite - and it was lovely! Very clean, recently refurbished, and it even had a small balcony. It was fairly modest, but you had more space than a hotel room.The hotel staff were very friendly, with a handful of them speaking fluent english.The only disadvantage was the taxi drivers seemed unsure of where the hotel was - even though it was on a main road. But the key card reception gives you has a map on it, so this helps. Would definately stay here again.	
Nov 10 2005	2 weeks at the Howard Johnson	My first trip to China and the company put me into the HJ for the 2 weeks. This is a brand new hotel and the numerous staff do fall over themselves to help. The suite I was in cost around 1200rmb per day and was really impressive with bedroom c/w king size and TV; kitchen; bathroom with shower and living room with seating for four or five, big TV, and desk with high speed access. The suite has more lights and light switches than an average house with as many as 8 light switches just to operate all the lights in just the bedroom alone!The good bits were1. A dining room that catered to western tastes including on-demand eggs the way you like them in the morning.2. An incredibly swift and efficient valet service that didn't keep my clothes for more than about 8 hours no matter what speed of service I requested.3. Good in-room internet access 4. Excellent coverage of European soccer on the cable feed!The drawbacks were 1. An air conditioner that just couldn't handle the Shanghai humidity even in November or keep the suite cool enough for a Canadian's taste2. An on-demand hot water system that had a mind of it's own and gave wildly fluctuating shower temperatures for about 45 seconds at a time.3. It's location out on the Yanan Road W. is not the greatest for reaching anything interesting on footAs a rookie to China, my feeling was that this was decent value for what I got compared with more central, downtown hotels.	
Feb 22 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 5 2008 	??????????		
