Oct 14 2009 	Excellent Location and Service	First time to stay in this hotel. Location is excellent. 2 minutes walk to subway station and they have a excellent manned cab station (the person in charge of the cab stationis from the cab company)Room is smaller than expected but adequate. Excellent service in almost all areas including the coffee shop, the lounge bar, the Japanese restaurant, housekeeping, etc.Will come back if the price is right	
Aug 11 2009 	Better than before	This was my 2nd time to stay at Okura Garden.Room was renovated and became much better than before.Best in this hotel is not smelly water. I will stay here again when I save some money rather than stay at 5 star hotels.	
May 30 2009 	Value for money	i have been many times to this hotel excellent service but little bit costly laundry is really very costly other wise everything is ok	
Apr 27 2009 	Lovely hotel but poor value with uncomfortable beds and best avoided for Westerners	The historic luxury hotel in the old French club has one of the most beautiful hotel lounges you will ever see as well as a lovely garden and for a European the Japanese orientation adds a further exotic spice to your stay. Previous comments about the old decor really miss the point as it is exceptionally beautiful (be sure to look at the function rooms upstairs which are fine examples of art deco). Service too is excellent in the Japanese tradition. BUT it has some Japanese-style disadvantages too - very few staff speak significant English, the beds are as hard as the floors and it is very expensive. We stayed in a club room with access to the club lounge - a total waste of money as the room is not very comfortable, the staff were uninterested and there was little on offer, not even enough food for breakfast (and staff had too little English to understand when I complained). I would not recommend this hotel for Western travellers.	
Sep 15 2008	Nice hotel but a bit dated	I stayed at this hotel as part of a tour. I didn't know the history of this hotel until I came back home. At first glance, the hotel seemed like any other older hotels. However, as I walked around the first floor and saw the nice staircase, I knew this place must have been of some historical significance.The room itself was ok size, but I felt that the furniture, TV, and the bathroom were a bit dated. Since this is a Japanese chain, the appliances (TV, hairdryer) are from Japan. I did enjoy the heated Japanese bidet, a welcoming surprise when you go to the bathroom in middle of the night. I also enjoyed the bath salts provided in the bathroom.I thought the location is pretty convenient, close to the shopping district on Huaihai Road. It's also not too far from the Yu Garden, Nanjing Road, and Xintiandi -- just a quick tax ride.	
Jun 17 2008	Good Location	Good hotel good location all the staff were exellent we booked a Deluxe King Garden View room. Located close to shops and restaurants and the garden is a nice place to walk if you dont want to venture out late.	
May 23 2008 	Below average for 5 star	In the competitive Shanghai hotel marketplace, the 5 star Okura Garden ranks far below many other hotels of similiar class. The hotel suffers from being older and not as fresh as other properties in the city. The room was clean, contained all the amenities that you would expect in a 5 star hotel, and had a helpful staff. But, the room looked and felt dated as did the lobby and other common areas. Location was good and provided easy access to the city, airport and train station. There is absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel but in Shanghai, there are much better choices for the money.	
May 2 2008 	Good hotel	We were at the Okura Garden during a week long business event. The hotel staff was very accomodating and helpful. The rooms were nice, clean, and well supplied. The Rose Garden restaraunt was adequate for breakfast. We enjoyed the local suggestions made by the concierge staff and they were very helpful in calling cabs and making arrangements for attractions.One of the benefits of this hotel is its proximity to many other ammentities. The subway is one block away as is a grocery store and a major shopping street.The location is one of the true strengths of this hotel!	
Apr 24 2008 	Quaint hotel refurbished from an old part of Shanghai	I like this quaint hotel for its preservation of the old French Club building, which has become most of the lobby and some of the shops and coffee house. The restoration was sensitively done, which shows through the details of the neo-classical style architecture and the decor choices e.g. the chandeliers, the tiles and marble used etc etc. You will feel a good piece of 1930s Shanghai in la belle epoque, something which excites me each time I go through the lobby.The rooms are a drab too old in my opinion. They look like trapped in 1980s style, with the carpets worn (but clean) and the TV set from my high school days! The bathroom was small, with no separate showers and the tap was reeking with rust and age. I thought the room which my colleague stayed in at the 22nd floor looked much better. I think the renovations have yet to be carried out to the lower-floor rooms, one of which I was staying in.Otherwise, the room's amenities were adequate. The toilet seat was an interesting electronic one, Japanese style, which sent out a jet of water each time I press a button. To wash the soil out of your you-know-what! Trust the Japanese to think of this!That the hotel was Japanese run was obvious from the moment you stepped in. The counter staff display a badge stating how proficient they are in the Japanese language, and the number of Japanese guests could have been in the hundreds. THere are also displays in Japanese throughout.SO being so Japanese means service levels should be higher than what you'd usually get in Shanghai. And for this, the hotel did not disappoint.Let me quote you an example: I asked for a big bed as that's my preference. They originally run out of such beds when I first booked, but I think they noted my preference and when I checked in, they allowed that for me. Nice touch and means so much to me.All in all, this hotel is a dated outfit with some parts crying out for an overhaul. But its software makes up for a lot of the wants in the hardware, and I think I will likely wish to return, especially to one of their renovated rooms.	
Apr 16 2008	Quiet clean a bit dated Japanese hotel in China	The Okura´s entrance is an architectural landmark in a very nice garden in a good area of Shanghai. The lobby is very well appointed and it is a pleasant place to be. Room was very clean all around, comfortable if a touch small and a bit dated. My TV was a very old Hitachi, I mean really old, almost a collectible. Cable reception was of poor quality perhaps for that reason. If you like quiet and don´t mind staying in a 1980s feel Japanese hotel, this might be your choice.	
Dec 9 2007 	Central and comfortable	Not a bad spot and recommended to me by a well travelled Japanese friend. In my case, the stay involved an overnighter after a 3 week business trip in China and so I appreciated the calm and cleanliness of the rooms, the view of the gardens - especially watching the people exercise in the morning, tea in the lobby lounge, an excellent sushi dinner and very good morning breakfast. I also enjoyed the elegant style of the place despite its occasional 1970's appearance tower block. Service was friendly and the porters were excellent.There are probably better places to stay in Shanghai but this hotel was central and comfortable.	
Nov 11 2007	Deep in the French Concession	The Okura Garden Hotel is top notch. The lobby area and public rooms are in the old French Club, which was the social center for the French expatriates living in the old French Concession. They have been beautifully restored, especially the lobby lounge. There is a lovely garden, actually a small private park, in front of the hotel. The hotel rooms are in a 33-story tower that has been added at the back (ala the Helmsley Palace Hotel in NYC). Our room(#2222) had a king-size bed and lots of storage space, but the sitting area was pretty tight. The bathroom was outstanding with plenty of counter space, a large square sink, a toilet with a heated 'bidet' seat, and a separate glassed-in room with a shower area in front of a tub with a window looking into the bedroom (for watching TV during your bubble bath? for putting on a show for your significant other?). Fortunately, for the more modest there was a venetian blind on that window.The lights for reading in bed were completely inadequate. The table lamps next to the bed are too dim, so you need the ceiling light in the center of the room to read a book or newspaper.High-speed internet is 120rmb per 24-hours. We had a problem with a loose connection and the hotel's tech guy was there to fix it immediately. The bell staff and room staff were all cheerful and spoke adequate English.The staff at the concierge desk communicated effectively in English and understood and responded to our needs. The front desk staff was a little less able to communicate. Room service dinners were excellent and the service was impeccable. The breakfast buffet was ample with plenty of choices of American-style food. Unfortunately there was always a line for tables.The hotel's location is a little bit remote from The Bund and People's Square area, but it is just two blocks from a very nice shopping street and taxis are cheap and plentiful all over the city.The Okura Garden is clearly a 5-star operation, well-managed, comfortable and sumptuous.	
Jun 15 2007	Okura Garden Hotel	The Okura is in a 1920's ish building, which is located in the French Concession area of Shanghai. The lobby area is well maintained and has a nice historic feel to it. The hotel seems to target Japanese business travelers and the tour bus set. The rooms were only so so. For the price, I expected much more. But then again the last time I was in Shanghai, I stayed at the Le Meridien so anything would probably pale in comparison to that, at least room wise. The decor was dated although everything was clean and functional. The bathroom did feature a typical Japanese toilet, with a variety of functions. Seat warmer, multiple spray options, etc. Whenever I turned the light on for the bathroom, the toilet made a &quot;start up sound&quot; so that took a bit of getting used to. The internet cost was 120 rmb. Sadly it didn't always work and was painfully slow when it did.The breakfast buffet was good and offered a large selection of items. The breakfast room was very busy.The hotel staff was very good. All of the employees wore a nametag that indicated the languages that they spoke.The hotel is located on a side street just off of Huai Hai Zhong Lu, which is one of the main shopping streets for Shanghai. A metra station is on the same block as the hotel. A Parkson's department store is also on the same block. The Parkson's has a nice grocery store in the basement and the ever popular McDonald's and Hagen Daz (sp?) at the front entrance of the store. A Starbucks can be found across the street from Parksons .If you have time, take a walk around the neighborhood as you will see a nice mix of old and new China.	
May 11 2007 	Love the renovated rooms especially the shower area	I have stayed at this hotel 2 years ago and did again recently when my usual choice in Shanghai is unavailable. I was booked into one of the renovated rooms and was pleasantly surprised. The renovated has a new furnishing and bathroom. The bathroom is excellent. Plenty of bright lights and very large shower area. The water pressure of the shower is real stress reliever after a long day. Being a Japanese hotel, a lot of attention has been paid to the bathroom, not forgetting the the toilet seat with warmer! The bed was on the hard side and the small pillow are not my favourite. While the rooms are very modern looking, I cannot help but noted the hotel lobby is in need of an update.	
Apr 20 2007 	Very pleased!	Stayed for five days in March and was very pleased. The hotel was undergoing renovation on three floors but did not impact us in any way. Our room was a bit dated but well appointed and comfortable. The bath was great and one of the best showers I have had in a hotel. Concierge staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. The breakfast buffet should no be missed as there was delicious food for many different appetites. It was a great way to start the day. The location is great for touring and restaurants. The garden is beautiful and a serene spot in the busy city. I would definately recommend this hotel, however, I suspect the price will be higher when renovations are complete.	
Nov 29 2006 	Nice hotel	The Okura Garden Hotel in Shanghai was a very pleasant stay. Located in the French Concession area of Shanghai, it was only a quarter mile from Metro Line 1 and a major shopping area. The rooms were very nice, clean and well-appointed. The lobby, bars, and fitness facilities (3 treadmills, 2 bicycles, stairstepper, rower, freeweights, and benches) were excellent. For over $250/night U.S., it should be good! Majority of the guests were Japanese.	
Nov 24 2006 	Good hotel but not the Deluxe service advertised	The write-ups and reviews of the Okura Garden led me to believe I was in or something truly special. The reality fell short of this. As a westerner perhaps I am not this hotel’s main targeted demographic, (this is a Japanese chain aimed very much for that market), but my expectations were not met. First, let’s review what the hotel did well:- The staff are all polite and friendly and many are multi-lingual, - the views from the rooms are impressive, - the food in the three in-house restaurants is good and the rooms are kept clean. - the hotel is also conveniently close to a station on the excellent underground Metro system, which I used several times and found by far the cheapest and safest way to get around the city. (Taxis are plentiful but they drive like utter lunatics, and with seatbelts almost unknown here you risk much!)- There is the grass garden area out front – which is pretty unique in the city. The area is not vast and the proximity of traffic and the associated smog (in sunny weather especially) means this is not quite the oasis they describe, but it is still a nice feature. Now for the bad news:All the talk of 5-stars, best hotel in town, etc. both on this site and others made me expect the very best hotel experience, which this was not. For this money I expected an iron in the room, not a pressing service you have to pay extra for. The air conditioning was rather old and worn out, it taking most of the day to modify the room to be comfortable, as well as taking a day or so to clear the musty smell from the system. The promised internet access proved too mysterious for my laptop to handle, which was annoying for a business trip. My minibar contents had not been replaced in so long that not only were they all well past their use-by dates, but one glass bottle shattered in my hand when I just tried to lift it – a casualty of being in the very cold fridge for months if not years!The bed’s mattress was very firm and on one morning I found that my bedsheets had been replaced with a set that was very over-starched and that made my skin crawl. Not a good move.I also wish the staff would learn the difference between being attentive and being pestering. I didn’t need a maid to come in for a second time in the evening to “turn down” the bed and rearrange all my things gratuitously. Maybe this is a service others value and expect but it’s the first time I’ve encountered it and I found it intrusive and rather patronising. I don’t want to give the impression this is a bad hotel, because it is certainly a good one with service levels above many I have stayed in before. It just, in my view, does not justify the deluxe price tag -- especially when it has the competition in Shanghai from a wealth of other chains: Hilton, Four Seasons, Hyatt, etc., some of which I visited and was *very* impressed by.	
Jul 10 2006 	Quiet comfortable great service	I enjoyed my stay at the Okura Garden very much. The garden is large and welcoming -- an oasis of peace and tranquility in a noisy city. The food was excellent and quite diverse, though pricey in the upstairs European and Japanese restaurants. Not especially fashionable but the service and wonderful location more than make up for the slightly worn quality. Rooms not large but well equipped, clearly aimed at Japanese customers. Bathrooms lovely, with old marble and huge bathtubs. Easy walk to best open air market in Shanghai as well as many other sights - wonderful spot in middle of French concession.	
Mar 20 2005 	Close to marketplace and good value	This is hotel was presumably was built to welcome Japanese guests during Asia's go-go 80's. While it remains well cared for by the daily staff, the only way to reverse the aging of a hotel is to renovate. In the case of the Okura Garden, one can't help but notice the dated decor and tired carpets. Its older ambiance stands in contrast to the many newer addresses in the world's most dynamic city. All that said, the staff are superb, the facilities (including restaurants) entirely correct for the price. Rooms are clean. If you want Shanghai chic, stay at the Westin. If you want a good deal and good service, stay here.A major bonus with this hotel is its location near Shanghai's best outdoor marketplace. Louis Vuitton's worst nightmare, no doubt, but a really fun place to stock up on snobby brand knock-offs and nice silk items for friends back home.	
Nov 18 2009 	?????????		
Oct 27 2009 	??????????		
Oct 27 2009 	???????		
Oct 21 2009 	???????		
Oct 21 2009 	???????		
Oct 7 2009 	??????????????		
Sep 11 2009 	??????		
Aug 30 2009 	??		
Aug 11 2009 	????????????		
Jul 18 2009 	????		
Jul 18 2009 	??????????		
Jun 10 2009 	????????		
Mar 20 2009 	??????		
Mar 13 2009 	?????		
Mar 10 2009 	?????????		
Mar 8 2009 	????????		
Feb 2 2009 	?????????????????????		
Jan 25 2009	???????		
Jan 4 2009 	??????????		
Oct 24 2008	?????		
Aug 29 2008 	????????????		
Aug 28 2008 	???????????????????		
