Jul 29 2009 	Comfortable and convenient	We found this hotel to be clean, well-equipped and convenient. We booked a standard room, which was comfortably big enough for our young family of 3. The hotel was only 10 minutes walk to the subway station, from there we could get to the city in no time. For those time when we didn't feel like eating outside, there was a good Cantonese restaurant in the same building. The hotel had a money changer offering decent conversion rates, a real time saver because there were not many money changers in the city. In-room Internet wasn't free but was cheap and fast enough (make sure to ring the lobby to activate it). Overall very good for a 3-star hotel.	
Nov 2 2008	Reasonable 4 star hotel	You might end up here if you book with Wendy Wu 3 star tour. If so this will be one of the better hotels that you will stay at and certainly good enough. Only the bathroom is a bit of a let down with the odd bit of mould but this does not mean that the rooms or bathroom are dirty. Food is okay. Generally a good experience.	
Oct 31 2008	Very good hotel in a gritty location	Stayed her as part of a tour. was our first stop in China. Rooms comfortable, nice staff, beds firm but OK, Sensational Breakfast (mixed Eastern and Western). Just a bit far out of town, but otherwise good. Was nicest hotel we stayed in in China	
Sep 24 2008 	Enoyed The Ramada	I started my trip to China in Shanghai, taking a 20 hour train journey from Hong Kong to Shanghai. The Ramada is only a 10 minute taxi ride from the Railway Station - can't be walked as too many flyovers between the Station and the Hotel. It is not in the tourist part of town but has a decent coffee shop and although it does have Internet facilities available on site, these are expensive but 2 minutes along the road is a huge Internet ccafe (for want of a better word) where there is good, fast, cheap acccess. Lots of little supermarket shops around, plus a market and a small park where you can join in with the Tai Chi in the mornings when the locals bring their caged birds out to hang in the trees and get fresh air.After my other two stops at hotels in Xian and Beijing, this hotel was definitely the best and the staff were generally very helpful.	
Dec 3 2007	Good hotel but somewhat remote from the main Shanghai sites	Stayed at this hotel as part of a Wendy Wu Tour. It is now under the Ramada brand. Hotel is a good 3 star. Rooms are of a good size and have a typical hotel layout. They are clean and comfortable, bathroom in good condition - I even had a bath!! Complimentary water in room. Breakfast was included and was good, a selection of both western and chinese food. The only fault with this hotel is that it is quite remote from the main sites of Shanghai. However, the subway is within walking distance and taxis are very cheap. If you go out of the hotel lobby and turn left you will come to a small park where locals practice tai chi in the mornings and gather to dance in the evenings. Also men come to show off their caged songbirds. If you go out of the hotel and turn right there is a little supermarket selling lemonade, wine and snacks. Also if you keep on walking and turn left and follow the block you get a sample of the lifestyle of the locals. It is very safe area. If I were to stay in Shanghai again I would probably choose a more central hotel.	
Nov 10 2007	Small but OK	My wife and I were on a package tour of China as part of a Wendy Wu Tours &quot;China Experience&quot; tour staying at Shanghai, Xian and Beijing.The first port of call was Shanghai where we stayed at the Ramada CCECC Hotel Zhabei. For a communist country this hotel ws not too bad however, if you are expecting 5 Star luxury then forget it. It is classed as a 4 Star Hotel but this must mean by China standards but even so was still a pleasant place to stay.Breakfast was OK with a variety of Western and Asian food to satisfy most tastes and the rooms were cleaned daily to higher than expected standards. The only fault that we could find was that the standard room only had a double bed which was very hard but bearable.Staff treated us very well and nothing was too much for them to handle with the majority of them being able to converse in English.A reasonably priced hotel within striking distance of the major tourist venues and nearby to a small park that has a variety of locals doing their morning Tai Chi etc.	
Jun 7 2006	My nicest stay at Shanghai	This is my second time staying at this Hotel in Shanghai. I loved the place so much I stayed twice! The rooms are in good size with all you can wish for including a minibar, cable TV, tea tray, etc. The bathrooms are great, in excellent condition, clean and good size. The shower is powerful and the tub is clean.The CCECC hotel, also called ZhongTu, has 4 lifts so you wont have any trouble regarding the floor you stay on. The reception is big and the staff speak good english. No communication problems whatsoever.This hotel is conviniently located close to the railway station but far enough (5mins) as to stay away from pickpockets (always mind your wallet in Shanghai though). Closest subway station is 5mis walk from the hotel and taxis to major atractions are cheap cheap cheap. Advice: do not stay at hotels way too close to the railway station! Difficult to get a taxi and the are is full of pickpockets!The laundry service was excellent, cheap and fast. Well done guys.My wife and I had a lovely stay at this hotel and I'm sure I will be back for the 3rd time! Until then: Zai jian!	
