Nov 10 2009 	VERY GOOD FOR BUSINESS	Spent 3 nights here and enjoyed the services, clean and spacious rooms, gym, and terrific breakfast. The room was quite impressive for the size, cleanliness and decor. The complaint here is that the lights were insufficient for working, IMO. Room rate was quite good I thought.We had some meetings in the spacious lobby bar which has high prices for tea/coffee but this is not unexpected in such a hotel; but one of our meetings was held with complimentary beverages due to my local rep making a deal.  The gym is very large but the equipment is average; the size of facility and lack of staff or users made it more like a quiet cavern on that Friday night. Neighborhood had so many bars and nice restaurants, and I really liked the residential feel. There are tall and leafy cottonwood trees lining the avenue for a long distance, and many quiet residential buildings in this area. Plenty of tennis being played on the Saturday so activity is strong around the hotel. This is good.Recommended hotel and neighborhood.	
Aug 8 2009 	Good hotel good location dont confuse with a hotel at the stadium (similar name)	Most of the reviewers are not smart enough to check that this hotel is not the Regal Shanghai East Asia Hotel which is located at the stadium, but a different hotel. I got a room in some management rooms - you can get their only by using a card in a lift which will take you to the upper floors. It is a good deal as i had breakfast included plus free internet. In addition to it you have your own breakfast area if you want. I liked the location - i was close to all the places i needed to go. Plus there is a great Mexican place Zappatas not far from the hotel. I really liked going there as i was slightly sick of the Chinese food.	
Jul 25 2009 	Poor Management Excellent staff. 4 star hotel	After having stayed here many times over the last 4 years, the hotel has deteriorated to 4 stars:- Poor management from a Hong Kong Assistant Manager who is arrogant and detached from his clientelle.- Stupid yellow smiley faces being worn by hotel staff (is this Mcdonalds ???)- Cheap brown 'new' uniforms being worn by embarrased reception and concierge staff.More importantly is the continual messing about with room rates and benefits.As a Regal Reward Platinum Member I was upgraded to Regal Club floor - only to be told 3 days later that I could not have any of the benefits.Unfortuantely the General Manager is on holiday and unable to respond to my complaint.In Shanghia, you can go better....	
Apr 3 2009 	excellent business hotel	I've stayed here twice - for 10 days end of March 2009 &amp; earlier on 6 days in Nov 2008. I like this hotel. Check-in was smooth, room's spacious, clean, quiet, restaurant staff friendly &amp; helpful. Since I was here over a weekend, I used the gym which is very well-equipped. There's a spa &amp; swimming pool here as well. You can play tennis &amp; squash as well.The hotel's located near the business area, no where near the popular tourist spots. I could walk to the office blocks in 5 minutes. A large park is just across the hotel &amp; it's a pleasant walk across this park to the business area. The park is full of activity all day - people playing at the basketball courts, kids in the playground, people enjoying a stroll by the small lakes, &amp; in the evenings folks gather to dance (line-dance, ballroom, etc) which always attracts a big crowd.The location is in what used to be the French Quarter of old Shanghai so there are lots of colonial buildings to look at. The streets around the hotel are tree-lined &amp; away from the hustle &amp; bustle of the main roads. Good for exploring.	
Mar 12 2009 	i hated it how depressing	if this is the regal east in the football stadium, think twice about staying there....not nice at all. the rooms, mines anyway, was so small and the furnishings basic, more like a travel lodge. view to the back of a stadium, shower height for a midget, bed hard, towels grey, room smelled of smoke etc etc, and it wasnt cheap at 897 a night. staff not nice to me either, e.g. I asked for a breakfast included rate, they wouldnt help me with it at all. they had the cheek to call my room to ask about the service of the stay, when I had put do not disturb on....they really didnt have the first clue about service. No bath robe or slippers in the room either. The most depressing stay as a solo traveller yet...never going back.	
Nov 18 2008 	Got what we paid for; good location	We had a great last minute rate on the Regal as the accommodation we were supposed to stay in became unavailable unexpectedly. I would not consider the hotel a 5-star hotel but would think it measures up very well as a 4-star. The room decor was dated and the bed was harder than usual. However, everything worked well so we really had no complaints. We liked the pillow selection option and thought it a nice touch. The breakfast spread was very good (much wider than the Four Seasons Shanghai) and we loved its location. The hotel didn't have much of a personality but it was certainly clean, well appointed and more than adequate for our purposes, which was a night's stay before travelling to the airport.	
Aug 26 2008 	Exceptional Service	Exceptional &amp; personable service from the moment I checked in for this biz trip until (I'm betting) I check out tomorrow... Breakfast, dinner and brunch buffets amazing and reasonably priced. My back was bothering me and I requested a feather pillow top (thinking it unlikely) and within 10 minutes, housekeeping had it on my bed:). I couldn't resist pushing my luck and called to see if I could get an ergonomical desk chair and it magically appeared. Massages always available and very good. Pool incredible. Concierge resolved a taxi charge to Yunan Gardens that I questioned without a second thought. Laundry service within hours. Good, consistent internet service. Room service always within 15-20 minutes.Maybe the quality of service is just this high in Shanghai but if I return, I'm staying here.	
Aug 18 2008	Alright but smallish room	Service is ok, better than at other Chinese hotels, but again nothing impressive. The room was quite small, and the decor a bit passe', but all in all functional and clean. I liked the local Chinese restaurant's food, but I am sure there are better options a few minutes from the hotel.I found this hotel too expensive (RMB 1200+15% fees) for its quality (but perhaps Shanghai is like this, I do not know honestly), had to pay for Internet (normal in Chinese hotels..) and breakfast was not included.. Four days after checking out they still haven't cancelled the pre-authorization on my credit card, which is a bit annoying. It is convenient if you come from Hongqiao airport, less so from Pudong.	
Aug 3 2008 	Clean haven in Shanghai's French neighbourhood	Have been in quite a few hotels in Shanghai, but since a local friend recommended this hotel to us, we have stayed here twice. It is a clean haven in a nice neighbourhood. The staff is friendlier than in most Shanghai hotels. The rooms are quite large for a Shanghai hotel. The bed was enormous!The only problem I had with the room is the difficulty to regulate the temperature. The aircon seemed to be set fixed to 24 degrees which is far too cold when it is 37 outside. Whatever we tried, we could not get the temperature up or the aircon fan down.The food in the hotel is not special, but in the neighbourhood there are some very good local restaurants.Before we have stayed in the other Regal East Asia hotel in the stadium, be this one is definitely better!	
Jul 6 2008 	Good business hotel far from tourist sites	Stayed for four nights in June 2008. Was attending an international conference. The room was nice, although the bed was a little hard and not particularly comfortable. The staff was polite and reasonably helpful. The food at the restaurant was good, although similar food could be found for about 1/3 the price about a block away at a local Chinese restaurant. Although the hotel was adequate, it is very far from most areas that tourists are interested in, so is recommended more for convention/business travelers.	
Mar 23 2008	Perfectly Fine	I have stayed at the Regal a number of times over the past few years when we come down from Beijing for a break. It is a good hotel but definitely not a destination hotel. It is a place to go if you are looking for clean and comfortable in a fairly good area.The rooms are pretty good and the beds are comfortable. Internet is quite quick and housekeeping do a good job. This is very definitely a business hotel - I probably wouldn't recommend it to a tourist.The concierge is helpful if you have a simple request but they can really struggle if you are looking for something complicated. For example we were trying to find the location of a restaurant and we had to prompt them to go and find out instead of just saying &quot;I don't know.&quot;The bar is pretty good and prompt though the drinks aren't outstanding. I mus admit that I have never eaten there tho I often go across the road to Kevin cafe for cheaper eats.The subway is very close which is good but it can be hard to get taxis (which is true for a lot of hotels in Shanghai).All in all a good business hotel but probably not worth the price.	
Mar 16 2008 	Great Hotel for Price	Hotel is in diplomat area on Heng Shan Road. It is a beautiful street lined with trees that bloom in the spring. The hotel is in front of the Shanghai International Tennis Center and near a lot of pretty old houses in Shanghai. I am a regular in the hotel because of proximity to my offices. But it is close to good restaurants, shopping and a lot of bars and pubs on Heng Shan Road. Breakfast in hotel is a big spread and OK quality. Parking is free for guests and the car park is well lit and big.Here are the negatives: The regular rooms are kind of old and need upgrading so I choose usually to go to club floor rooms by paying a bit extra. Heng Shan road is very busy on Friday nights and can be difficult to get a taxicab. I am spoilt with free Internet in many hotels in China and hate them charging US$15 per night for it. As a guy there are sometimes pimps wandering outside Heng Shan road offering &quot;services&quot; and they are a nuisance.But all in all a very decent hotel for the price.	
Jan 8 2008 	A good choice	Having lived in Shanghai it is nice to return to this area and this particular hotel. For those wanting the hussle and bussle of Nanjing Road / The Bund head for JW Marriott / Le Meridien etc, however this hotel is in the middle of the old French Concession / diplonatic area and has lots of lovely bars and restaurants within a short walk - you just have to look around a little bit.The metro station is close by, the bars and restaurants of Hengshan Road are minutes away and a taxi can take you to the famous parts in 5-10 Minutes. The hotel has been refurbished and the standard (deluxe) rooms are spacious and well-appointed. We did not upgrade to the club floor as we preferred to have breakfast out in one of the little coffee shops in the adjacent tree-lined avenues. I am not sure it is worth the extra as the standard rooms are great.Service is good and the location is quiet and nice with great access to all parts of the city. Restaurants close by include Thai, Shanghainese, Vietnamese, Indian, Japanese. Bars include Cottons, Sachas, Irish Bar...Overall a big recommend.	
Dec 10 2007 	Just OK	The hotel is OK; very friendly staff, however it is not really close to anyplace and is quite expensive. The breakfast buffet has a wide selection but is not the best I've had. There are so many options in Shanghai, I'd prefer to stay at a different location next time.	
Nov 30 2007 	Good place	The hotel has a shuttle that you can arrange to meet you at the airport. It is not cheap, but it is very nice to be met at the airport with a sign with you name on it after a 14 hour flight. The staff at the airport speak English, but the drivers do not. Nice rooms, in nice location (in the day time) Close to a park and in a quieter area. I felt very comfortable walking around in the day time. Another associate was not a happy when walking after dark in this area, he had many offer of girls that he did not appreciate.They will ask if you want to upgrade to the Regal club floors for an extra charge, but unless you plan to have a lot of drinks at happy hour, or have a lot of time off during the day, you will pay a large premium for free Internet and breakfastDon't worry too much about getting a room on a high floor, the air pollution in Shanghai is so bad that you will not be able to see that far. The view is a bit clearer on the weekends compared to weekdays.The rooms are nice, with individual climate control that worked well. The beds were a bit firm, but this seems to be a common style in China, and I was still able to sleep well. The front desk staff had excellent English skills, and even the housekeeping staff spoke English. The breakfast buffet was excellent. It had a large choice of both western and Chinese dishes to choose from. You could get the chef to prepare eggs the way you wanted. Food hygiene was good, I had no problems after eating here. The lunch and dinner is good here as well, but much more expensive that other restaurants in the area. There is a large over priced shopping area a few blocks away. Lots of designer names, but with price tags higher than in Europe.The room had wired Internet that worked well. The room safe was large enough to put a laptop computer in.	
Jul 27 2007 	A home away from home	The Regal is located very centrally in Shanghai and is close to many restaurants and bars. A short 10min walk and you are at a crossroads of large multi-story shopping malls. Whether electronics or fashion is your thing this is the place to go.The 5th floor has been recently renovated and has been finished superbly. Photos attached. The 5th floor is part of the Regal Club and is available by upgrade. The extra cost of about 400 Yuan is well worth the extra comfort. There are also significant benefits &amp; discounts offered as part of the deal. E.g. Free evening beverages in the club lounge between 5:30 - 8:00, breakfast in the club lounge on the 4th floor (4th floor also newly renovated), 2 items pressed per day, 50% discount on the mini bar, 30% discount off of all food &amp; beverages within the Hotel, Discounted laundry service, express laundry at the standard laundry rate plus many more benefits. It is easy to make the savings of the extra 400 Yuan to make it worth your while.They have also renovated the lobby bar and restaurant and they have again done an outstanding job. As a regular to the Regal, I was very impressed with the upgrades that have been made to the Hotel.	
Mar 5 2007 	A pleasant stay	We stayed at this hotel in May 2006. It is in the French concession which is a lovely, characterful area. There are quite a few restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. It is a lovely area to go strolling. Right across from the hotel is a small supermarket. Although not in the business/tourist district, we took taxis and they were very reasonable. It is helpful to have the Name and address of the hotel and places you want to go to, on hand in chinese. Some cab drivers do not understand English.The staff were very friendly and helpful at all times. We complained about our room smelling of smoke and we were moved to non-smoking floor. The rooms are spacious and comfortable with cable TV. The bathrooms are great as well.The breakfast buffet had a nice selection of Eastern, Western and fruit.We bought snacks from the supermarket across from the hotel. We were about 5 minutes cab ride away from one of the big markets in Shanghai.As female travellers we felt very safe in this area and hotel.	
Feb 23 2007 	ehhh......	not bad, but you can find better. kinda in the middle of nowhere, so prepare to take cabs everywhere. rooms are clean, but kinda plain. bed is so so.	
Nov 21 2006	you can do a lot better	there are a lot of much better choices in shanghai than this place. in need of updating. indifferent service. inconvenient location.	
Apr 5 2006	Great service a delight	My children and I had a wonderful time this past week at this hotel. The room was well-appointed and clean, the beds comfortable. Felix Hu, the senior sales manager with whom I made the reservations, communicated with me by email quickly. He also arranged for our train tickets to Hangzhou where my daughters and I stayed for three days upon our arrival to China before we visited Shanghai. He had a car pick us up at the airport, give us our train tickets, and take us to the train station. On returning to Shanghai, they had taken care of the luggage we didn't want to take with us to Hangzhou and had our room ready. The staff was extraordinarily helpful, all speaking English. The hotel is located in the French Concession area, a lovely part of Shanghai. It's not in the center of the tourist areas or the business district but a much nicer and less crowded area. We took taxis to get to our destinations which cost usually less than $2 each time. The buffet breakfast in the hotel was ample and with great selection. My daughters enjoyed the bowling alley in the hotel several times during our stay. On leaving, Mr. Hu gave us a beautiful photo book of Shanghai to remember our stay. We travel a good deal for holidays and would happily stay here again.	
Feb 27 2006 	A little out of the way	For a Shanghai hotel it really is pretty good for its value. The property is owned by the Hong Kong Regal Chain and one can tell that they paid enough attention in order to cater to westerners. The hotel is a little out of the way so one needs to tack on an extra 10-15 minutes per cab ride. The rooms are fairly large by Shanghai 4 star standard. Unfortunately the carpet is a little worn out and the place can use a little updating. The staff throughout the hotel is very friendly and efficient. For budget travelers I would highly recommend it. If your company is paying for it then head on over to Sofitel or JW Marriott where you will be closer to the business districts. The internet connection is a little pricey. I would just walk around the corner to the internet cafe where 3RMB takes care of one hour of log in.	
Jan 29 2005	OK	This hotel get's mine &quot;above average&quot; rating in fact only for the great and spacious room as well for the delicious breakfast buffet with plenty of Asian and Western high quality food.The total hotel concept is however rather &quot;cold&quot; and check-in feels more like entering a governmental building than a relaxing hotel. I have missed the feeling of being welcome; I just had the feeling of having been booked in &quot;a place to sleep&quot;. I wouldn't advise this hotel for a long holiday stay, but it is OK for a short business visit.	
Jun 17 2004	Nice place but a little noisy...	We stayed 7 nights at the Regal in June 2004. Upon arrival, the hotel staff spoke excellent English and were very pleasant to deal with. The rooms are fairly nice and spacious including these nice down comforters that almost felt as comfortable as the Westin's Heavenly Beds. My only complaint was they placed us in a room next to one that had construction so we heard multiple pounding noises from the work throughout the afternoon and evenings. I would not suggest room service, as the food was mediocre and there are tons of nice and cheaper restaurants nearby. Most service charges in the hotel were fairly high and comparable to any NYC hotel which also quite surprised me. An example includes paying $4USD for a Coke at the hotel when you get one across the street at the store for $0.30. The hotel is also located on the West side of Shanghai so its a bit farther from most tourist attractions. Although, taxis and the metro system there made commuting to those other areas fairly simple and cheap.	
Aug 28 2009 	???????????		
