Nov 4 2009 	Amazing hotel	Stayed two nights on business. The hotel is amazing in all its aspects; location, staff, room, service, the F&amp;B. The price tag is pretty steep but at the end of the day you acknowledge that it' s value for money. Have not seen such a breakfast spread in any hotels so far.The European and local staff are eager to help the guests. The Jade bar at the 36th floor is out of the world with a view of the river front.	
Oct 25 2009 	5++ stars for Location and Service!! Views are amazing!	Wow this place is amazing soon as you walk in the smell is like your in a flower garden. The entire staff goes above and beyond to greet and help you. Its a upper class place and they sure show it. I had complimentary tea brought to my room soon as I arrived. It was also the only place in shanghai that cashed my American express traveler checks. Its walking distance to most of the attractions.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great hotel	Very good hotel. Excellent service, in-line with other Shangri-la's. Great location.	
Oct 12 2009 	Incredible service and location	Definitely the best hotel we stayed at in China. Despite the hotel’s size we always love the personal service we get at the Shangri-la and this hotel lived up to our expectations. Our reservations and special requests had all been attended to. We stayed in a Horizon Club Premier Bund room in the new tower which was exactly like the photo on the hotel website. A lovely big room with separate living area, dressing room and oversize bathroom. All the staff were very attentive and could not have done any more to improve our stay but we must give the Horizon Club (and Judy Leung in particular) a special mention. In the club you were always welcomed by name and the staff took the trouble to remember your favourite tipple, planned visits etc. Breakfast in the lounge was a great way to start the day. There was lots of choice from the buffet but the chef was happy to prepare any special requests. We ate lunch a couple of times at the Yi Cafe where there was a mind blowing selection of international food from ten open cooking stations. The quality and service was pretty good. We also ate at Jade on 36 (French fusion) and food and service was excellent. Our favourite meal was at T8 – a local modern style fusion restaurant recommended by Judy. There was something for everyone on the menu and the service was excellent I had the best steak I have ever tasted and my husband thought his blackened cod was outstanding. There were lots of local wine bars and restaurants nearby which we did not have time to try. 'Mr and Mrs Bund' was another recommendation. My only gripe from our stay is that there are only two internet stations in the club lounge which always seemed to be in use - not a huge problem as there are plenty of other computers is the main business centre.	
Sep 12 2009 	Fantastic hotel	Absolutely fantastic hotel/service. Huge room with 2 large LCD TVs; internet; walk-in-robes, etc etc. Service is exeptional.	
Aug 17 2009 	One of Life's Great Moments waking up with the whole of Shanghai at your feet	To wake up with the Huang Po river, the Bund and the whole of Shanghai below you may be one of life's great highlights!We stayed here to experience the total eclipse of the sun on Wednesday 22nd July 2009 and stayed on for a few days. ( Check-out my YouTube record of the event: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRX_zON85rw)This is one of the Great Hotels of the World in my opinion as I've been lucky enough to stay in quite a few top establishments over the years. We stayed in a sumptuous Horizon Club room on the 30th floor with the Bund just across the river. The view was magnificent and there was a pair of binoculars for our use in the room which we, of course, made good use of which added to our enjoyment. The room and bathroom were magnigficent. There was even a flat screen TV in the bathroom over the end of the tub.As with most Shangri-La hotels the accommodation and service were faultless. The food both at breakfast and dinner at the Yi Café was outstanding. It is an international culinary experience featuring 10 open-view kitchens and a lively cosmopolitan atmosphere. The walk-through design evokes a public market, with gourmet showcases and spectacular live cooking stations presenting cuisines from China, Japan, India, Southeast Asia, Middle East as well as Europe and North America.	
Aug 12 2009 	just ok	thought the hotel was just ok. we stayed for 2 nights. granted we stayed in the old wing of the hotel, but still, we didn't think this hotel was any great shakes. i'd stay some where else next time. the staff though is very helpful. business center is excellent though.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent	Great hotel overlooking the Pearl River and Bund.Quite pricey but worth it for the friendly staff, views and location.Stay in the Horizon Club tower as the older tower is showing its age.Great pool in the new tower.	
Jul 21 2009 	Superb Hotel Along Huang Pu River!	I LOVE this hotel. Everything about the hotel is just perfect. My first night was at the river view and I loved the view. I took alot of photos just from my window. The second to third night I transfered to the new building. The view wasnt that good bec of the construction at the moment but the room's amenities and bathroom are to die for. The location of the hotel is good. Beside is is Super Grand Mall. The subway station is a few blocks away. U can take the subway to Nan Jin Road.Since this is in China, tourists would have a difficult time conversing with the staffs of the hotel. Their primary language is Mandarin chinese. Although there are a handful of staffs that can speak English.	
Jul 18 2009 	Incredible service and wonderful room	We have just returned from a six night visit to this amazing hotel. We stayed in a Premier Bund view room in the newer grand tower and could not fault the room, fantastic layout with large desk, great lighting and views, beautiful furnishings and wonderful bed. The nightly turn down service is amazing with the staff incredibly friendly and respectful and quiet as they went about their nightly routine of turning down the bed, adjusting the curtains, refreshing the bathroom and leaving wonderful chocolates. We also chose the Horizon club room which gave us access to the lounge and nightly drinks and nibbles - incredible! In fact the food, from the awesome Y cafe breakfast buffet to the Horizon club and room service meals, along with Jade 36 were incredible. The food that comes out of this hotel is incredible and has to be seen to be believed - the bakery items, the smoked fish, the chocolates all amazing!! Again, the service cannot be faulted from the Austrian manager of the breakfast buffet who made sure our every need was met and remembered to the conceige staff who recommended a wonderful Hot pot restuarant near his home out in the suburbs - everyone was wonderful.We also used the well equiped gym and could not fault it. Yes it is true it is at times difficult to get to the Puxi side with cabs as there is a great deal of development going on due to the world fair 2010 so the best option is to take the Metro over to the Puxi side and if necessary cab from there but to be honest the metro system is clean and easy for the non-Chinese speaker to handle.The Shangri-La is like an oasis of calm amougst the chaotic charm of Shanghai - yes, I would stay there again in an instant - Class!Oh, it is not cheap but if money is not a major concern I think it is wonderful and the Horizon Club benefits worth it as they are generous and not at all tight.	
Jul 17 2009 	Wonderful	A perfect business hotel - perfect service, room, food, great gym, nice pool, good location. Definitely my favourite in Shanghai so far...	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent hotel exemplary service"	In Pudong this is one of the really outstanding hotels. I would have given it an even higher rate but for a few small gripes. I would recommend the river tower and not the new tower for the views. The view i had was not great as it was over Pudong which is still undergoing frenetic development. for Shanghai Expo 2010. Having said that the room was good, and had a good bathroom and was well appointed, and had alll the nioce little extras. Some of the sockets did not work ,but as it was the last day i did not bother complaining. The staff were superb, really friendly and abundant in number. The limo service to and from the airports was efficient and effective. The hotel has a range of good restaurants, fitness facilities, swimming pools and bars. it even has an on-site tailor and travel agent. You cannot fault the service it is really good. it is slightly pricey but it is a top end product and it is worth it. Everything works well with this hotel, and for a businessman or tourist alike you will have a good experience. I did earwig and overheard some staff discussing a complaint they had recieved, and judging from their reaction they took it really seriously. They were not aware of my presence so i know they meant it. If you want to go to Pudong and stay there...definitely check it out. If you want to stay on the bund side it is a bit of a hike ,and you have to go through the tunnel, but taxi's are so ridiculously cheap you would never ever walk. Just remember when in China to bring directions/addresses in Chinese script to and from the hotel. The staff will help you out.	
Jun 24 2009 	Very good business hotel	Stayed in the hotel for a week. Service was efficient and friendly at all times, food was consistently good (if not outstanding) in all the restaurants/cafes (especially the Chinese in the lobby area) and the room/amenities were excellent. Would certainly recommend for similar trip	
Jun 15 2009 	Excellent Business Hotel	Organized a week long business meeting on-sit in May 2008, very comfortable hotel. Excellent buffet at restaurants.	
Jun 15 2009 	Service not as good as in the past	I have stayed at this hotel several times over the past 3 years. It is a great hotel for business. Service has always been excellent, except for this last trip. I had an issue with my room rate in that it differed from the rate offered over the internet. I asked an attendant at the front desk to explain my rate. While he tried to explain the rate, he was not very professional and first gave me some excuses as to why my rate was higher than what was offered over the internet. He eventually adjusted the rate, but it was not a pleasant experience and very different from my previous stays. I would still recommend this hotel, but I would carefully watch the rate that is being charged.	
Jun 11 2009 	Maximum points for the best staff!	I had a great pleasure to stay at the Grand Tower Horizon Club room(wonderful rooms!) of this fantastic hotel for six days.I can honestly tell You that nowhere have I met such a hospitality andsuch a wilingness to be of service than in this spectacular hotel.Not a single member of the staff I met ( I probably met over 100 staff members) deserves less than maximum points for good service!	
Jun 7 2009 	The Best Hotel	My husband had a conference here and I came along for some sightseeing. First off I have to comment on Shanghai. If you expect a typical Chinese city this place is not for you. You could place Shanghai in any major city around the world. It is modern and very business oriented. The Pudong section is where all the business hotels are located. Across the river is a more touristy and local area.I loved everything about this hotel except the difficuly traveling across the river but I will get to that later.The rooms in this hotel are, by far, the largest of any I have stayed in. We happened to be staying in a suite with seperate bedroom in order for my husbandd to conduct meetings in private. The views are spectacular especially on clear mornings. I did visit some other rooms of collegues and customers and they also were very large. The bedding is to die for and extremely comfortable. The bathrooms are sparkling clean and well maintained.The staff is very accomodating in every way from check in to check out. All of the rooms our group reserved were supposed to be non-smoaking. One happened to be smoking but when we brought this to management attention no other rooms were available due to the convention. They immediatly apologized and sent in a cleaning crew to shampoo carpets, drapes and replace the entire bedding. Afterwards there was no trace of smoke in the room. All this was done quickly, quietly and in a most professional manner.Since this was for business, we ate most dinners in the hotel. The best place was the Yi Cafe. It is a buffet but on a scale not seen before. It is pricy if you are having breakfast there but if on a club floor (as we were) your breakfast is included in the club. For dinner the cafe has multiple stations of international and local food. Top notch all around.The only disadvantage is the location across from all the tourist sites. You can take a taxi for practically no money but be prepared to sit in traffic. The best way to cross the river is by tourist tram - a very Disney type ride in a tram car that goes through the tunnel with flahing lights and out of body music. Fun for kids and adults and about $4 roundtrip. The most efficient and cheapest is taking the Metro. Very easy to navigate and ticket machines have info in English. The station is just across the street and only a stop or 2 for the main tourist spots.All in all the best 5 star hotel I have stayed in.	
May 11 2009 	Awsome Hotel!	From The view of a 13 year old.Our stay here at the Shangri la hotel in shanghai was sensational. I am part of a family of 4 children and we stayed here for 5 nights while celebrating our friends 40th birthday. We had two bund view rooms on the 20th floor and we were part of the horizon club. The views were magnificent although the older building kind of obscured the view. The rooms were massive. One of our rooms was slightly larger than the other because it was in the corner but even our normal rooms was very spacious. A large glass panel stretched the length of the room and the curtains were control from the side of your bed. The bed was very comfortable and the TV had a wide range of channel including my favorite (discovery). The bathtub was big and so was the shower. A wide range of complimentary toiletries were also provided. The wardrobe was big enough to fit by brothers, my sisters and my clothes with space to spare. Our parent’s room was larger with a wood sliding door that separated the bedroom and the living room which was good when at night time they could close it to keep it quiet for my younger sister when she slept. The horizon club was amazing. I took my two sisters up there every morning to let my parents sleep and the food was good. For breakfast they offered pastries, cereal with fresh milk, bacon, sausages, Asian breakfast (noodles and fried rice etc.), fruit, muffins, toast, tea, coffee and more. Breakfast was from 7:00 to 10:00 I think then from 10:00 to 5:30 it was just chips and apples then from 5:30 – 9:00 hot dinner was available. I am not sure exactly but Judy, who I think was in charge of the horizon club was amazing. She is Canadian and she got my sisters and me everything that we needed. Although I never visited the pool at the hotel everybody else said it was good. My mum went down to the gym every day and she said that she loved it. The horizon Club also had two computers that you could use for the internet free of charge. They also had a printer which they said they charged for but I printed lots of stuff walked in front of staff members with it in my hand and never got caught. Overall the Shangri La Shanghai was awesome. [--]	
May 6 2009	luxury	get pampered in this luxury hotel....offering guests luxury accommodation alongside warm hospitality	
May 5 2009 	Location is worth the money- great spot!	We are very happy with our decision to stay at the Shangri-la at Pudong. We were here for 4 nights which is plenty of time to see area sights.The newer tower (Grand) has nicer rooms and doesn't smell 'old' compared to the older River tower and we were upgraded when we arrived along with the breakfast buffet for 350RMB per day. (note: be sure you clarify the total amount, because they always add a 15 percent service charge onto everything but don't quote that in the price verbally) The buffet at Yi Cafe is very good as past reviewers have stated. I love the location for viewing and strolling by the river and it is right by the Pear TV Tower which is the most recognizable building on the Shanghai skyline (Jetson's cartoon looking structure with the 3 spheres). The other side is all under construction for the expo- so not so good over there right now. The hotel staff are very pleasant- smile, greet and open the doors and tell you to enjoy your day at every turn. English still can sometimes be a bit of a barrier in communication, but you just need to be a little patient and try to find another person. Taxi drivers do not understand English very well but do seem to recognize the Shangri-la name so I think that is a benefit to staying here as well. Taxi's are pretty cheap so it is not a big deal to get over to the other side of the river to do site seeing. I recommend People's Park/Square with the Yu Yuan Garden. There are a ton of touristy shops in that area and the traditional chinese garden is nice as well. Walk down to the Bund along Nanjing Rd. to see all the people and all high end shops. We also did a 1 hour river cruise at night which was enjoyable. Went to the aquarium, which is quite good and not talked about much! The Shanghai World Financial Center building I also can't believe is not more talked about. It is currently the tallest building in the world that has an observation deck on the 100th floor- look it up at swfc-shanghai.com. Much better view than the Pearl TV tower or Jing Mao building I think. Last thing I want to mention is that the hotel is also right by the Super Brand Mall which obviously has a lot of shopping if you'd like to do that, but please stop there to try the xia long bao dumplings with the soup inside at the restaurant on the 3rd floor called Ding Tai Feng- they are excellent, this is a world renowned restaurant too and it is not expensive. Oops almost forgot to mention the Jade 36 bar (and restaurant) the bar -has a must see view!Enjoy the sights!	
May 4 2009 	5 Star Prices however not nearly up to scratch	We stayed at the Shangri-La Pudong as a part of our honeymoon. This hotel was expensive - we stayed in a Tower Wing Executive room foolishly thinking we may get a half decent view. The hotel itself is very nice, the rooms are luxurious and clean and lobby areas beautiful as you would expect for the brand and price. One note however is that the leading photo on the website, of the lobby looking over the city skyline is complete fiction. The lobby is indeed very impressive however unless you want to mount a ladder to have your afternoon tea as photographer obviously did to take that photo you will only see trees and the tops of a few buildings. We arrived later in the evening, and after paying our taxi driver, I left my wife with our bags at the front of the hotel while I ventured inside to try and locate someone vaguely resembling a hotel employee that may possibly be able to help with our luggage and possibly even (stretching it) welcome us to their fine establishment. Just as I was wondering if Shangri-La were going to re-paint their hotel orange and call themselves and easy-hotel I managed to find a doorman inside at the far end of the lobby and soon after he finished his important conversation with his mate he was able to help. Three cheers for five star service. We had a few days earlier stayed in a Valley Wing Deluxe room at the Shangri-La Singapore for a about USD 20 more than this room cost, and wow what a difference - its hard to imagine this is the same hotel company.At check in we were told that seeing it was our honeymoon I may want to pay for one of several great upgrades they had on offer - fantastic - thanks but no thanks. This basically summed the place up when it comes to their staff - cavalier, uninterested, and inept. We found that of the four different concierges we spoke to for advice, one knew vaguely anything about the city in which they were working. French Concession, Jade Buda, ferry wharfs etc etc - apparently in Shanghai all these sites regularly change location hence confusing the Shangri-La concierges.We did find the gym to be very nice. The restaurant &quot;Jade on 36&quot; having received rave reviews has just changed their head-chef. We were told that the restaurant had just been re-opened a week ago. Obviously the recently departed chef was he who had earned their reputation as the food was good however not what it should have been for a) the price, and b) the reputation and reviews (obviously all based on the last guy). The views were amazing of course and I would recommend going there for these however don't get any ideas of it comparing in any way to the equivalent in price on the other side of the river or in HK, Singapore etc. Jade on 36 is a half decent attempt at fine dining with amazing views, and waiters who are still coming to grips with the food that they are serving and almost grasping the concept that red and white wines differ in some way.Summary - If your on a business trip then I think this hotel would probably do OK (albeit poor value for money) however for anything else don't bother at all.	
Apr 20 2009 	Terrible Smell of Fumes in the River Wing	I stayed two days at the River Wing of this property for F1. It's a hell. The smell of fumes from renovated floors was so strong that I could not breathe. But I was told the hotel was full booked and they could not change room for me. Suggest to avoid this hotel now.	
Apr 20 2009 	Breakfast One of the World's BEST	Cant really describe the breakfast - for most it would be called a full spread brunch buffet. Simply the best in F&amp;B and the rooms were also great minus the water temperature control that needed to be adjusted several times during a shower.	
Apr 16 2009 	Best hotel we have ever stayed in	Stayed at this hotel for three nights an the end of a two week sightseeing tour of China, and I have to say, we saved the best till last. This hotel is wonderful. I had booked a deluxe room, but when we arrived I found out that it had a city view, rather than a view over the river. We decided to upgrade to a room in the Grand Tower which overlooked the river and the Bund. Looking on the Shangri-la website, I am almost certain that the room we were allocated was a Horizon Premier Bund View room and it was gorgeous. It cost us an extra 550RMB per night, but that included one breakfast in the Yi Cafe each day, which was not in our original room rate and that accounted for about half the cost of the upgrade, so we thought it was well worth it, if for the view alone!The amenities in the room were superb. It had everything, nothing at all was overlooked.The breakfast in the Yi Cafe is fantastic. About ten food stations featuring different cuisines. We ate late each morning, and found we didn't need to each again until the evening (cheapskates that we are). We dined here one evening and again it was lovely, a buffet featuring Japanese, Chinese, Indian, Western, anything you can think of really.There was a drinks package for 'freeflow drinks' which included beer and wine for I think 128RMB per person each meal. which was good value as the drinks kept coming. For comparison, nearly every bottle of wine on the list was in excess of £30, so as people who like their wine this was a good option for us as we probably had a couple of beers and three or four glasses of wine each.What really sets this hotel apart though is the level of service. There must I think, be more staff than customers, there is always someone to open a door for you, call a lift for you, give you directions, and everyone without exception is courteous and goes out of their way to acknowledge you. We have stopped in many 5 star hotels around the world, but this without a doubt was the best.A couple of tips, take a river cruise at night, to get great views of both The Bund and Pudong district. And visit the ERA Acrobatic show if time allows, very entertaining.Also take a ride on the Maglev train (world's fastest passenger train) which runs from Pudong International Airport to Longyang Lu Metro Station in Pudong. This is a 30km trip and takes just 8 minutes. A great way to get from Pudong to the Airport if you have no transfer booked.The only disappointment in Shanghai was that they are hosting Expo 2010 which starts on 1st May and at the moment there is a lot of restoration work being undertaken on the Bund. I am sure it will be lovely when completed next year, but at the moment that area is filthy, dusty and chaotic. If you want to see Shanghai at it's best, I would wait until May next year, if you cannot wait stay on the Pudong side of the river, I would highly recommend the Shangri-La!!	
Apr 6 2009 	Exceptional Service	Even by the standards of the best hotels in Asia, the Shangri La in Pudong stands apart. with service levels of the highest standard, especially for frequent guests. A breakfast waiter remembered my preference for decaff cappuccinos two months after a previous visit!Stay in a room overlooking the Bund on the 28th-30th floors. The Horizon Club is a well-equipped and well-run executive lounge on the 29th floor sthat erves an entirely adequate breakfast and cocktails late afternoon. Horizon Club guests can reserve (for free) a small conference room in the Club. Floors 28 and 30 are connected to the Club by staircases.The hotel fitness center is fine and the pool is good, not great. Unusually, there is a good quality outdoor tennis court (with night lighting) on the 5th level, accessible from the fitness club.There is a diverse set of restaurants, Chinese, seafood, sushi, western but the high quality buffet in the second floor Yi cafe is one of the best values in Shanghai.	
Mar 26 2009 	easy to get use to	Excellent services and room. Spacious. Location very good if business in Pudong, otherwise maybe inconvenient. Best in Pudong that I have stayed in	
Mar 13 2009 	Declining customer service-Pudong Shangri-La	This is my 4th stay at the Shangri-la as of Jan 2009. I found the service has declined, not living up to the Shangri-La brand standard. In previous visits, I am often met at the car (I used hotel limo to travel to and from the airport) by a receptionist and taken directly to my room for check in. This year, I can't even get a bellman to take my luggage at the door. At my last visit, the receptionist told me that it is not possible that I am a repeat guest ( she said in perfect English &quot;I HAVE NEVER SEEN YOU BEFORE&quot;.) She then proceeded to advice me not to stay in the River Wing because of the &quot;renovations&quot; are noisy. She suggested that I take a room in the new wing - for 350 RMB more. I told her that I prefer the River Wing as I like the view of the River and the Bund. She then gave me a room that (to my horrors ) stared directly into what appears to be kitchens of restaurants in the Lotus Mall with lots of sweaty cooks. Since this visit was short, I closed the drapes and remind myself that I can vote with my feet by choosing another 5 start property in the Pudong area. But I found her tactic totally distasteful (bait and switch did not work so she selected a room next to the elevator and with a view most appalling to a woman traveler). My Shanri-La Golden Circle profile specifies HIGH Floor, AWAY from elevator, and view of the River.	
Feb 14 2009 	Flawless from A to Z	That was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. Shangri La is definitely working hard to please. Outstanding food, restaurants, decor, etc. The accomodation rate as well as the price of the room service was OK for the quality I was getting.I got a room in the new wing and it was amazing to look out of the window every morning, watch the sunrise, the flowing traffic and China being built in front of my eyes.Top recommendation.	
Jan 19 2009 	Up to Shangri La high standards	My first visit here staying in the wing closest to the river with great views of the river and The Bund and Pudong skyscrapers. In a well appointed room in good working order complete with binoculars. Its true the TVs are slightly old but the room is an elegant Shangri Las standard. Dinner and breakfast buffet at the Cafe is extensive requiring almost a jog around the various food kitchens. This is the largest area for such a kitchen set up I have seen. Sleek design coupled with contemporary and classical public areas gives a feeling of warmth. The staff were generally very good and experienced which shows through. Of course I will go again. I doubt the experience can be bettered.	
Jan 7 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for four nights whilst doing business in Shanghai.It is ideally placed for a number of malls and restuarants.I would find it very hard to find fault with this hotel.Anything I had to eat in the hotel was very tasty.My room was large and I had a great view.It was also cleaned on a daily basis.The only thing I found frustrating was the cost as the British £ was starting to go in freefall when I was in China	
Dec 26 2008 	(too) huge breakfast	I chose to stay at the Pundong Shangri-La for its location, handy when you come from the aiport. I had a river-facing room in the old wing; as expected the vista on Puxi (directly from my bed - see the pic) was great. I did expect a little bit more from the accomodation itself - the room was not that big, and the furnishing a bit too classic for my taste (the rooms in the new wing seem to be bigger and more modern).The breakfast buffet was one of the biggest I've ever seen - maybe it was even too big (is that possible?!) and confusing. As a Golden Circle member (their loyalty program), I got breakfast for half price, making it a good deal.Service was perfect as one would expect from a Shangri-La.	
Dec 19 2008	Excellent does not begin to discribe this hotel!	We have traveled the world and this is the best hotel I have ever stayed in.	
Dec 12 2008 	High Quality but Pricey	For me this was a case of 'you get what you pay for'. I stayed in the new wing of the hotel and the room was extremely comfortable, very well equipped and had a superb ensuite bathroom. The breakfast buffet was one of the best I have seen - a fantastic array of Westerm, Chinese and Japanese food. However, like everything else in this hotel, it didn't come cheap.There were a good range of bars and restaurants some of which had spectacular views of the Bund.The staff were helpful and efficient but slightly impersonnal.	
Nov 13 2008 	Great Location and Great Hotel	We were picked up by the hotel from the airport. Was fast and efficient. When we arrived we were greeted by one of the senior hotel managers and shown to the check in counter and then to the room by the same person which is a nice touch that makes you feel special. We actually changed to one of the rooms in the new wing and when we walked in the room we were amazed at the size of it. The window overlooks the river and has a floor to ceiling window which is great. Electric drapes and a comfy bed, the room was fantastic. I can't really think of a fault which is unusual for me. The service was great, but the best part was the spa, I normally splash out on massages because of my stressful job, it was one of the best ones I have had, up there with the Venetian Macau and was technically perfect. Definitely will stay again at the ShangriLa Shanghai and I am not even a Shangri La fan!	
Nov 7 2008 	An oasis in Shanghai	This is the first time I've given a hotel 5 stars on trip advisor and I've written quite a few reviews. Although I am a westerner living in Shanghai, my husband and I decided to spend a romantic night away at one of the city's 5 star hotels. We were so happy we chose the Shangri La. From the minute we walked in, our stress disappeared. Everyone of the staff speaks perfect english (a rarity in China- some places may say they speak english but these guys really did). Our check in was quick and effecient and our room- a club level premier room- was HUGE. We stayed in the new wing (Grand Tower) which I would recommend for everyone. The room was spotlessly clean and the beds were comfortable. What made the stay so pleasant was the excellent service from everyone, their positive attitude, and their wllingness to accomodate. I'd also highly recommend club level which gives you a higher floor (away from the noise of Shanghai traffic) and access to the Horizon Club which includes buffet breakfast. The breakfast was pretty good- a mix of chinese and western, and lots of fresh fruit and juices. The location is also ideal for exploring many of Shanghai's tourist sights and is directly across from a huge mall with decent shopping and restaraunts. Also conveniently located in relation to the subway which can get you pretty much anywhere in Shanghai. Overall, a lovely place to stay and we can't wait to find an excuse to go back.	
Nov 6 2008 	ASK FOR THE RENOVATED WINGTHE OLD ONE IS TIRED	I was awoken in the night by the smell of fumes in my room as the renovations above ruptured a pipe thus causing a leak(I'm a fit 31 year old but was left gasping for breath) consequently i was moved in the middle of the night from my room to another wing in the hotel ( hotel has two towers).It was only then i realised how this hotel was a story of two experiences as my new room was brand new and stunning whilst the old one was pretty average and dated.So if you dont get the new wing stay in another hotel like the st regis,which is good.Otherwise i found the hotel to be very good,but on the very large side thus lacking character.	
Oct 26 2008 	A great hotel	We stayed for 4 days at the Pudong Shangri-La and had a wonderful experience. Upon arrival we upgraded to the new (1 or 2 years old) Grand Tower instead of the River Wing. The River Wing is closer to the river, but we had a river view from our room that was nearly unobstructed. The room was huge with a large sitting area and every possible amenity. Service was excellent. The hotel has a huge staff (for example, one or sometimes even two people just to hold the door to the elevator on the lobby level and one or two to open the doors when arrive or depart). The River Wing and the Grand Tower are connected at the lobby level and the second level where many restaurants are located, so it's easy to use restaurants and facilities in the whole hotel. We ate in two Chinese restaurants in the hotel and both were good, but not great; however, not too pricey for hotel restaurants. We found it best to take taxis to and from most Shanghai locations from the hotel. There's a lot of construction in Shanghai at the moment, so it's dusty and sometimes difficult to navigate certain areas on foot. Taxis are very reasonably priced and ubiquitous.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great Stay	Very pleased with Pudong Shangri-La.1-Jade on 36 has a fantastic bar with amazing Bund views.2-The River Wing rooms, albeit the old tower, was tastefully decorated and disimilar to other ultra-modern hotels like minimalistic Westin rooms.3-In-room Internet connection was very quick.4-Rooms were thoroughly cleaned, clothing was unexpectedly folded, receipts were stacked together and not thrown away.5-Concierge staff were very knowledgeable and managed to arrange some great reservations for dinner.After the chaotic treks back and forth from the F1 track in Jia Ding, staying at Pudong Shangri-La was a truly relaxing experience.	
Oct 14 2008 	One of the best rooms I've stayed in	On arrival I was offered an upgrade to the executive floor, as this included breakfast etc I accepted. The room was very large and the bathroom as good as any I have seen.The full-height windows offer stunning views of Pudong, the Bund and beyond, and it is ideally located for shopping in the Mall next door, site seeing up a choice of towers, and popping over to the Bund via the excruciatingly awful but somehow wonderful Tourist Tunnel.	
Oct 2 2008 	loved the Shangri-la in Shanghai	We stayed at the Pudong Shangri-la for 3 nights as part of the National Day Holiday week in China. Our room was on the 32nd floor of the Grand Tower, overlooking the river on the bund. The attention to detail in the hotel and our room was superb, and a real oasis given the chaos that was Shanghai during the public holiday. We ate breakfast each morning in the Yi Cafe which served a very good buffet, and also at e a buffet dinner there one night - plenty of choices available. My husband went to the Chi Spa twice during our stay and thoroughly enjoyed a Himalayan bath and massage. The gym was small but well equipped. Our package included return airport transfers, unlimited laundry, free internet access and breakfast. We had access to the executive floor lounge which had a happy hour for 2 hours each afternoon - including drinks and a range of snacks and canapes. Highly recommended hotel in Shanghai, right next door to the Super Brand Mall.	
Sep 20 2008 	How a business hotel should be	This is how a business hotel should be. Very close to the convention center and a small shopping mall. Service is excellent, all business related amenities are available.As going around in Shanghai is quite a challenge in terms of communication, the hotel staff are very attentive in providing information to assist in getting taxi rides, etc.	
Sep 3 2008 	Magnificent Shangri-La! But.....	The Shangri-la Pudong is one of the top 5-star hotels in fast growing urban Shanghai. Strategically located in the Pudong business district among a sea of office buildings and opposite the riverbank offering great views of the famous Shanghai Bund. ArrivingMy room package ( call by Shangri-La as “Value Rate” ) includes among many benefits; round trip airport limousine transfer, complimentary breakfast, internet and laundry. The new Shanghai Pudong airport Terminal 2 is massive, and just getting from the airbridge to the immigration counters took 20 mins by foot. Upon exiting from the customs, a hotel staff was on standby to greet me and escort me to my limousine car, a brand new Audi A6. Also provided in the car were cool towels and mineral waters. I had a most enjoyable 40 mins ride to the hotel listening to my own CD thru the car’s excellent audio sound system and also chatting with my limousine driver. Upon arrival at the hotel, a nice lady was on standby to greet me and handle the check-in formalities speedily. I was escorted to my room in no time. The RoomThe Shangri-La has two wings, two separate buildings actually connected by a pathway. The “old” Shangri-La River Wing features rooms with classical décor and and most have direct views of the Bund. The newer Grand Tower Wing features modern contemporary rooms with just a light touch of oriental ascent. I booked the standard room in the Grand Tower which they called “Executive Room”. The Room definitely has a high “wow” factor and is much better looking in actual compared to the pictures on the hotel’s website. It’s feels new, luxurious and refreshing. Every part of the room’s wall is covered with either exotic wallpapers or luxurious panels made from very high quality veneer wood. Well designed lighting effects give the room a lot of cheerfulness while maintaining the overall luxurious feel. The room design is also highly intelligent. Segregate clearly into “zones”, there is a ultra spacious working desk ( which also can double as a vanity area ), a comfy sofa chair by the window, build in wall closet. Floor to ceiling windows offers magnificent view of the Pudong skyscrapers and unlike many hotel rooms, it’s not obstructed by any bulky furniture. There’s a construction site visible from the window but it wasn’t noisy at all. In fact, I think I prefer this view over the more expensive Bund View rooms. The room feels very spacious because it’s a corner room and also the design of the room makes it feel spacious, despite the room being only about 40m2. The bathroom is all marble and glass, with dual light modes, dual sinks, tub and a separate shower cubicle with rainforest overhead shower. It’s a full ensuite and also feel spacious too. There’s also a LCD TV above the bathtub. Toiletries are L’Occitane ( imported, not China made ). Water pressure could do with some improvement though. I’m not sure why but almost all the hotels I stayed in China have to me inadequate water pressure. Room amenities are lacking in nothing. There’s a Philips rotating 32” LCD TV with a DVD player and also wireless in-room internet connection. A spacious electronic safe is included in the closet area and of course, minibar with free coffee/tea. The bed is ultra-comfortable, one of the best I have slept in and featured luxurious 200+ thread count linens. The hotel is obviously very confident about the quality of their beds that they are actually selling the pillows and bedsheets. Overall, everything about this hotel room is very high class, evident from the décor to the furnishing to the design. This is the best hotel room I have stayed in China, far exceeding the other two 5-star hotels that I have stayed before, ie the Le Meridien or Eton hotel in Shanghai. Only the top-of-the-line hotels in Hong Kong and Tokyo have better rooms. Common Areas The common areas of Shangri-la are very luxurious. The hotel owner obviously spared no expenses in decorating this hotel to the max. There’s good “flow” from one area to another. The Grand Tower lobby features high ceiling and veneer wood panels, glass and magnificent crystal chandeliers decorating every corner. The style is a mix of classic and contemporary. I took a peek at some of the restaurants in the hotel and they are all very posh looking with a price-tag to match. I did not have the chance to try out any of the restaurants though except the morning breakfast which was included in my room rate. I also took a peek at the Horizon Club Lounge and was impressed by the cozy atmosphere and great views of both Bund and Pudong area. It’s very spacious and posh. In retrospect, I should probably have booked the Horizon floor. ServiceThe Shangri-la Pudong manage to impress with consistently good service standards throughout my stay. It shows that the staff were all very well trained by the management. An added advantage is that most staff seems to speak much better English compared to other hotels in China that I have stayed in. They have a sincerity to serve and yet have nothing of the “snottiness’ that are quite common among some of the hotel staff in China’s hotels. LocationThe Shangri-La Pudong is located in Pudong financial district, great if you are there for business, but not so great if you are there for sight seeing as besides being connected to a mall, there isn’t nothing much within walking distance for tourist. The other side at Puxi will be more interesting. Getting around in Shanghai could be a hassle nowadays with traffic jam so it’s important to take this into account when considering the hotel for it’s location. The big “BUT”…… At last, nothing is perfect. An almost perfect stay was spoiled by the sub-par quality of the breakfast served at the Yi Café. I have been looking forward to this buffet as I heard so much about the Shangri-la breakfast being the “best in town”. While the variety and selection was impressive, the quality was not. The bread taste rather stale, like leftover bread, the orange juice was bitter and the eggs were not correctly done. It’s very run of the mill. Most of the oriental selections are cooked too oily. And there’s a strong smell of oil permeating the café which was rather unpleasant. The food was by no means unedible, just not of the quality I expected. Also, an incident on improperly washed vegetables caused me much embarrassment when inviting my colleague to join me for breakfast one morning. Although the managers of the café apologize profusely and waived the breakfast charges, still it should never have happened in the first place.This was unfortunate as I observed that the café staff was attentive and tried their best to provide good service to the guests. However, the food quality was really a let down here esp when other parts of the hotel were universally excellent. Perhaps my expectation had been unnaturally high because I heard so much about the “out of the world” and the best in Shanghai which turned out to be very disappointing. ConclusionI had wondered aloud to myself what to give the Pudong Shangri-La, ie a great but short of excellent 4/5 or the perfect 5/5. Without a doubt, this is hands down the best and most luxurious Shangri-la hotel that I have stayed in, which is not saying much because the other Shangri-las I have experienced are frankly rather mediocre. However, this hotel is also the best hotel I have stayed so far in China. It stops short of perfection by the sub-par breakfast, but that does not distract it from other areas which are all excellent. Overall, a wonderful hotel but still short of greatness. So it’s still a 4/5 hotel but it’s very very close to 5/5. I will definitely want to return to this hotel again in future, maybe to try their Horizon Rooms this time. Perhaps in a future stay, if everything is fine, I would be able to revise my rating to 5/5.	
Jul 17 2008	Best Breakfast we have ever seen	This hotel was great. First, it was the best smelling hotel we have ever smelled. It's not something we notice usually, but we did here. Now to the breakfast -- get it! It is the nicest breakfast, with so many Western and Chinese options, you won't believe it. We were on a tour with a lot of seasoned travelers, and even they admitted that it was the best they had seen. Book it, you won't regret it ... the Pudong area is up and coming ... but most of the tourist stuff is in the other end of the city. The cabs are dirt cheap though, so it shouldn't bother you much. Overall, a great stay.	
Jul 10 2008	First Class All The Way	I stayed at the Shangri-La in Pudong, Shanghai for a night on business. I with I could have stayed longer (both for the city and the hotel). This is a first class operation all the way around.My room was huge (an associate arranged for an upgrade) with a view of the river and parts of the classic Shanghai skyline. The workspace was great, and though the wireless didn't work well for me the alternative lan line did the trick. Service is something I'm told is inconsistent in China. Not the case here - from the minute I walked in I was given as much attention as I needed, from taking me to my room to picking up my suit for pressing (and getting it back 2 hours early). There are 2 towers at the Shangri-La, the Grand and the River. I was in the River Tower, which I mention because I was able to use the newly renovated health club. It was spacious, lots of equipment, a great lap pool for swimmers.The cafe for breakfast was a bit of overkill - too many choices. But they were all good. I did get a few eye rolls as I asked for my second and third cups of coffee, but I was told later that it was cultural (and being in need of the caffeine I ignored them).The only downside is location - if your meetings are not in Pudong it can be a long, slow drive across the city. But with proper planning you can work around that. Or you just deal with it. Nonetheless I will stay here next time in Shanghai.	
Jun 17 2008 	Exceptional Hotel with Impeccable Service	I travel often in Asia, but this is the first time I have stayed with the Shangri-La. They completely exceeded and surpassed all expectations with attention to every detail imaginable. Per conditions of our reservation, we were upgraded to the Horizon Club and the amenities included simply floweth!We were picked up promptly at the airport and upon arrival, greeted by the smiling staff and quickly whisked to our spotless, spacious and beautifully decorated room. The bellhop promptly delivered our bags and we unpacked our belongings in a very organized and plentiful shelved closet. We found the large bathroom with double sinks convienent, stocked aplenty with fresh towels and every thoughtful amenity imaginable (nail clippers, razor &amp; lotion, sewing kit, hair band, vanity care items, toothbrush &amp; paste, etc.) as well as a L'Occitane bath and lotion products. The shower, bathtub and separated toliet area were immaculate and the flatscreen tv over the tub was fabulous for relaxing and watching some tellie. All fixtures and furniture are contemporary, but the interior decor harmonizes well with the spectacular Bund view for a refreshing, exciting, and ultimately very comfortable feel. We stayed a week and we felt like we were at home the entire time. The bed was big, comfy and abounding with pillows. Flat screen tv situated between bed and sitting area was accompanied with an easy-to-use dvd player. The room was equipped with wi-fi and internet connection cord, several telephones (as well as a cordless), fax machine and cabinet and fridge stocked with tons of munchies and drinks. The buffet on the 29th floor had plenty of Chinese and American styled foods. One can order personalized omelettes, eggs, drinks, etc. as desired and they are prepared quickly. Liquid fanatics will love their selection of 8 morning juices, coffee and tea selections. The International buffet was delicious with authentic Chinese specialty dishes, and their Japanese food was fresh with very efficient service. Their is a bar on the top floor that offers spectacular views, and the same goes for their amazing feature restaurant, Jade on 36, with innovative gourmet so exquisitely presented- definitely a must try for a once in a life time food experience. Room service was immediate and delectable.Every taxi in the city knows the hotel so getting back from any location, regardless of how far I traversed, was not a problem. Just a short walk away was the Grand Mall with endless shopping opportunities, and the river was just a few steps away, with food/coffee shops and benches to sit and enjoy the scenery. More than once, I left substancial amounts of cash out (via cleaning purse of reciepts before heading out) and nothing was ever touched or missing. I don't suggest you do it, but from my experience, I have never felt safer with my personal items.Overall, I highly recommend anyone who can afford the hotel to stay here. I am sold as a loyal customer and cannot wait for my next trip back, where I will stay here again and again...A heartfelt thanks to Angel and Stella for insuring the stay to be a slice of refined and gratifying luxury often marketed now, but rarely delivered. This Shangri-La is certainly a jewel hotel.	
Jun 15 2008 	A really great hotel - if you want to stay in Pudong	I stayed here for a week at a conference in one of the newly decorated room.Not a cheap hotel, but it was really excellent with terrific service. The bars, pools, gyms were excellent. The breakfast was one of the most amazing I have ever had - nothing missing, I mean nothing.Only down side is the sterility of Pudong. Stayed in Puxi for a few days before, which was much more real China hustle and bustle around peoples square - that is the side to be on if you wish to not have to travel across the river all the time.	
Apr 26 2008	Great Hotel - Run by Bad Practice Con Men	Hi Everyone, I have left a while between arriving back to UK and writing my review, to allow me to settle to enable me to write a more honest and not a hot headed review.Initially I will tell you that we booked the hotel for our trip to the Special Olympics World Games, as I am a wheelchair user I wanted a hotel that advertised adapted accessable rooms, as we were staying for 13 nights and I was sharing with my son, who has learning disabilities and wanted to be reassured I would be able to manage myself. The full package, hotel flights and transfers, were booked via Thomsons in the UK, and 8 people all booked together - 2 x triple rooms and 1 x twin accesable.On arrival at the hotel, we were impressed with the beautiful design, the cool refreshing air conditioning, and wow the beautiful smell! It was a moment of wow on all the senses.At check in, the young lady took our names, and booked us in quite efficiantly and then handed over a range of keys to one of the men in the party, not making clear which of the rooms were triples or which was the accessable room, when I eventually managed to get her attention to ask her which room was mine she told me that they no longer have accessable rooms as people in wheelchairs do not visit China - Hello, I was sitting in my wheelchair and had emailed the hotel on several occasssions prior to us travelling to remind them about my request for the accessable room. The receptionist then just walked off, whilest I was in mid sentence to her.At this point, remebering we had travelled via Dubai and had been traveling for approx 24 hours now, we requested to speak to some of authority who could inform me how I was to manage in a room I could not even get my wheelchair into, through the door.Eventually, after a bit of explaining, the assistant manager came out and explained that the hotel was having a revamp in some of its rooms, and the accessable ones were under repair, that they were not being done away with, but just being upgraded but out of use for my stay. He negotiated with my friend and they then decided that a suite, being bigger, would accomodate me, and my chair better, so we were upgraded to the new tower and I was given a suite; this was lovely, spacious, bright and overlooked the bund, but I still had 2 little problems. 1) that the wheelchair could not get into the bathroom and 2) that my friend, who I was travelling with, were on another floor and around the corner from the lift, so if I needed help, it was quite a way for me to get to them or visca versa. Eventually, they were also moved up onto the 6th floor, with me and given rooms the same as mine, so although it took another 2 hours we did manage to stay together and on day 2 a joiner was sent to remove the offending roor - enabling me to get into the toilet with my chair.The initial room was nice, but this new room was fantastic!During our stay, we used the restaurants in the hotel quite often, the young people in our party loved the sweets available from the Yi Cafe, which became our most popular 'in house' venue because of the range of food available at every sitting, 10 open kitchens each offering a vast array of cuisine from throughout the world, and the most exquisit of delicate little deserts , of which you could choose as many, or as few as you liked. The chocolate fountain was also a favorite.The bar on 36 is a must, a beautiful view, surrounding are great and drinks are delicious and some variations on traditional cocktails with a delicate oriental twist; delicious. Cost was no more than at other restaurants or bars either.We had high tea in the lounge, which worked out a very reasonable option, but they do only have so many, so you need to get in early before they all go.We also had room service on a couple of nights, the first one after the opening ceremony took about 45 minutes to deliver (they had told us 20 mins when we ordered) they appologised profoundly when they delivered it and gave it us for free!On the second occasion, we half hoped that it would be late - but it arrived on time and was again delicous.The cakes at Gourmet, are delicous, and at 7pm are reduced to half price - well worth the visit for a supper snack!The pool is a nice bright area, and when we were ther we only ever saw one other couple. The jaccuzzi is briliant, however if you are travelling as a couple it would be dissappointing, as there is one in the ladies changing rooms and one in the mens - no comunal jaccuzi. Luckily I was travelling with three other women and their husbands minded my son, so we had a lovely time in there. It became a daily routine, after getting back from the games. In the changing rooms, there were chaise lounges a proper dressing room, with moisturisers, talcum powder, q tips etc, and the a lounge area with ginger tea - foc, and a nice relaxing area to get yourself reacclimatised to life after a wonderfully relaxing expeariance. Whilest we were there, there was 1 day when the jaccuzzi did not work, but the water was still lovely and warm and relaxing, it was fixed by the next day.The pool/jaccuzzi area is down about 3 steps and then up another couple to get in to the jaccuzzi - luckily there are always staff around to help, but sometimes you have to actually ask them to help. From the initial disturbance at check in, things had gone swimmingly and we had such a wonderful stay at the Shangri La, the next dissappointment came at check out when we were informed we needed to pay for our stay, as Thomsons had not paid them, and that previously they had not paid for stays made by other people, so we were to pay and then claim the money we had paid back from Thomson; We thought it may have been an error caused by the upgraded room, so got Mr Andy - as he had became known to us, to clarify the situation. He told us that it was correct, Thomsons had not paid them, that they were indeed not charging for the upgrade that was complimentry as they did not have the rooms I had booked, but that he would not charge us for the room again, but requested we chase their payment up from Thomons on our return.On our return, Thomson said payment to the hotel had been made, and we emailed this info to Mr Andy, who promptly debited my friends credit card for the cost of all 3 rooms! After approx 4 months, Thomsons eventually paid up - and my friends card was re-embursed. Thomsons have since offered him compensation - but not actually paid it!!All in all, a lovely hotel, fantastic service in the hotel, a bad time outside of the hotel if you have a disability, but if you do go from the UK please,please, please, dont use Thomsons!!	
Apr 25 2008 	Missed Opportunity	I just got back from our trip to China, in which we stayed at the Shangri La for seven days - April 13 to April 20, 2008. Prior to leaving for this adventure, I had read the prior reviews and, as a result, could not wait to get to Shanghai. Needless to say, the Shangri La missed a golden opportunity to add to its already long list of rave reviews (please see my review of the Moevenpick in Amsterdam).I had three major problems. First, they do not offer free wireless internet in the old tower rooms. For a business traveler needing to communicate effectively and constantly with their company back in the US, it is not 21st century service to require your guests to sign-up everyday for ethernet connections. Yes, it was only $18 US per day, but still.... Second, the carpeting in the room is in serious need of replacement. Third, and most problematic, was the noxious smell that permeated the old tower for several days. One day it was so bad that my wife and I thought we had mistakenly signed up for a reality TV show that required us to stay and live in an oil refinery - it was so bad one night that we had to turn off our air conditioning system because the fumes were making us nauseous.I would like to commend and recommend the staff of the hotel, however. Everyone I interacted with at every level of the organization was top notch in my book. It is only because of them that I can give an overall neutral evaluation of the Shangri La.	
Apr 20 2008 	Nice 5 stars hotel	Very good 5 stars hotel in Pudong, Shangahi, with a outstandings views of the Bund. It is very easy to go everywhere in Shangahi, because the subways is just one block away.The rooms are wide and with warm decorations, and all the amenities needed. Bathrooms are wide enough .There are many restaurants and a beautiful lobby.Staff is very friendly and helpfull.	
Apr 16 2008 	great location	We have just arrived back from China. We spent 3 nights in beijing, 2 nights in xian and the last 3 nights in Shanghai.Although we had the most amazing room, the largest ever! (we upgraded to a horizon room, which I had not done before)However, i am not sure why but was not left with that wow factor that I have got from other Shangri La hotels.The hotel was very large, but also a little impersonal. We still had a great time there and would recommend it. We were just a little spoit in Beijing.	
Apr 14 2008	Solid performer - not outstanding but good.	I stayed here at the recommendation of colleagues in Asia. I had business nearby in Pudong so it made sense. Car from and to airport was prompt (600 RMBs each way) and comfortable. Room was OK - sufficient size for one business traveler. I made use of room service for some western sandwiches a few nights - very good and reasonable. I ate breakfast at Starbucks right around the corner and overlooking the river. I had a drink in the bar one night - OK. I did not use the fitness center or pool or restaurants. I bought a disposable camera in the gift shop because I forgot my digital - the camera must have been way past shelf life as all the pictures came out dark. Taxis were very convenient . If you are doing business in Pudong this is a centrally located hotel. I don't want to sound overly critical - because all in all - it not a bad choice. I would stay here again.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Hotel loved the location	Great location on Pudong waterfront, opposite The Bund and fabulous views from Jade Restaurant on 36th floor are quite unbelievable. Spacious and immaculate room in North Tower, excellent room service at a reasonable price but the dreaded Evian water in room hit a new high of 101 yuan ( with service, equivalent to £7 !!! ) for 0.75 litres, about 25 times the cost of purified water on the street ( to be fair they do give you a couple of bottles of the cheaper stuff each day).Highly trained and friendly staff, outstanding 10 kitchen Yi restaurant does a fine buffet ( Chinese is good too), so no complaints.......our best hotel of 5 in China and well worth its 5 star rating.	
Apr 6 2008 	Good business hotel	Stayed here for a conference in March. Had a standard room in the new tower - very spacious, good size bathroom etc. Rooms with numbers ending 60, 61, or 62 are larger (with a tv in the bathroom) and have better views (onto the Bund) than any of the ones ending in 50-something (which look onto the Jinmao tower and the IFC building site - quite noisy). Ate in the hotel a few times. The Chinese restaurant on the ground floor (Gui Hua Lou) is alright, food was fine, but service was really patchy - loads of mix ups with drinks, and some dishes took forever to arrive. The Yi Cafe on the first floor has a massive breakfast and lunch buffet - avoid lunch on the weekend if you can. I turned up on Sunday and the place was packed with little children running all over the place and congregating around the pudding/dessert area. Had tea in the lobby lounge in the new tower - nothing special. Poor selection, and very smoky. Ordered room service - arrived promptly every time. The gym and pool in the new wing are pretty good - reasonable selection of free weights, but not too many cardio machines. Used the business centre a few times. It's good - you get your own semi-private open office area, but costs a fortune - printing is RMB10 per sheet and internet access is something like RMB150 per 15 minutes. Easiest way to get to the Bund from the hotel is to take the Tourist Tunnel - really tacky and silly, but fun. The shopping mall next to the hotel has a couple of good places to eat if you get bored of staying inside - a Western pasta/smoothie place on the ground floor, and a branch of the Ding Tai Feng dumpling chain on one of the higher floors. Overall, a good hotel if you're here for work, but probably not right for a leisure traveller.	
Apr 6 2008	Disappointed in the Shang	Stayed here 1 night then checked out and into Eton Hotel. 3000 RMB a night for a smallish room which needs a bit of a refurb is over the top in my opinion especially when u can get 2 nights at the Eton with better rooms for the equivalent price including brfast and cocktails on the exec floor.I stayed in the newer wing in the Shang for a week a year ago and this is head and shoulders above the older wing. My advice, insist on a room in the newer wing or else save your money and go to the Eton instead.	
Mar 31 2008 	Nice hotel	The Shangri la was decent enough hotel for the 280 a night cost...I would say with all things being equal I would stay at the Hyatt for the same cost	
Mar 20 2008 	Great View and Location!	We were nervous about staying in Pudong because we weren't sure how easy it would be to get across the river, but it turned out that we were happy with our decision to stay at the Shangri-La. Our room had a stunning view of the Bund, which when lit up at night is beautiful. We could also see all of the river activity perfectly. It is easy to get across the river. You can take a taxi, a public ferry (easy to understand), or this thing called the Bund Sightseeing Tunnel. The tunnel is a tourist attraction and not a serious transportation method, but it is cool to see and definitely a fun way to get across the river at least once. It consists of small glass-walled pods that run on a track. The track goes from one end of the tunnel to the other, and you ride along in your pod watching a lightshow that changes from tunnel segment to tunnel segment, and hearing music and narration. Kids love it, and we adults enjoyed it too. It's fun, but too pricey to be your normal way across the river. In any event, both the tunnel and the ferry are within easy walking distance from the hotel.There is world class dining within easy distance of the hotel, and once you are across the river it is easy to get on the subway and go wherever you want.Our room was perfectly set up to take advantage of the incredible view. The longest wall was made up of floor-to-ceiling windows, which the bed faced. There was also a sitting area in which the sofa faced out. The closet was spacious and nicely appointed with dark woods and cupboard lights that turned on and off when you opened and closed the door.The bathroom was pristine and large enough for two people to use easily. The bath products were Aigner and all nice.The lobby atmosphere was very elegant, with tall women in long red dresses standing by the doors to open them for people. The front desk staff were all attired perfectly as well, with red jackets and flowered skirts for the women (I'm sorry I didn't notice what the men were wearing). These were not your everyday hotel uniforms--they looked like something I would wear to a party.The check-in process was very smooth. We were met at the door by one of the beautifully dressed red jacket women, and she took us up to our room and conducted the entire check-in there. No standing at a desk at the Shangri-La. This was especially nice as we had just gotten off a long flight and were eager to get settled and regroup a little bit.Breakfast in the Shangri-La was great! They had a buffet of Chinese, Japanese, and Western breakfast foods that spread throughout several rooms. There were dumplings galore, a miso soup station, eggs to order, several different kinds of smoked fish, charcuterie, pastries, a smoothie station, salads, granola... you name it. The breakfast was not cheap, but it was delicious and filling, and a great experience to boot.The concierges were gracious and helpful, making several dinner reservations for us and also arranging tours.I would absolutely stay here again if I were to return to Shanghai.	
Mar 12 2008	Wonderful	I was lucky enough to be in a room overlooking the Bund which meant that the TV did not go on once. But what really makes this hotel special is the service. Food is absolutley excellent, from the Sushi place to the Chinese restaurant. And the beds are so so comfortable. Nice little touches with everything at the Shangri-la from lots of chocs when you order drinks to lovely soaps in the bathrooms and very helpful staff. Oh what joy if the British hotel industry learnt from the Asians and Americans...doubtful	
Feb 17 2008 	Best Room in Shanghai Corner Suite in New Tower	Stayed in 3 hotels while in Shanghai- Radisson New World, Shangrila Pudong, and JW Marriott. The best hotel experience by far was at the Shangrila Pudong! As a member of golden circle, upgraded for a discount to the Horizon Club Corner Suite....it was absolutely AMAZING! Had a direct view of the Bund from the living room and spectacular view from bedroom and bathrooms as well. Stayed at the Peninsula Bangkok with a view of the river before and THIS blows it away! The view of the Bund, especially at night, is mesmerizing. Horizon Club was well worth the extra for the excellent food and service. Will return to this hotel in a heartbeat even though expensive.	
Feb 4 2008 	Superb views over the bund	The views from this hotel can't be beaten! The river front location on the Pudong side of the Huangpu means you can see the hustle and bustle of the river traffic right from your window. It's amazing watching all manner of boats that almost seem like they're half sinking making their way with all sorts of strange cargo.The rooms in the old wing are closer to the river, which is where we stayed. However, this does mean that the decor and furnishings are a little bit dated but still very good, in line with what you would expect from a 5 star hotel.The restaurant in the hotel is fantastic and I had one of the best dinners in the Jade restaurant. The fusion cuisine is presented in a very innovative manner, ranging from sashimi served looking like tulips to duck-l'orange served looking like a bacon and egg breakfast plate (the duck was cut and cooked to look like bacon, and you could swear that the curdled orange sauce looked like an egg yolk especially when you poke it and it flows). Amazing! However, it literally did cost 1/2 a (local average person's) year's salary!The only (very slight) downside with staying here is that you would have to take the trains or taxis to get to the main tourist attractions on the other side of the river as you can't walk across - there's no bridges nearby, only vehicular tunnels.	
Feb 1 2008 	Classy Shangri-la	Booked this hotel from our travel agent and got a really good rate ($150/night) for both Christmas Eve and New Year (separately). We got to stay in the old tower. Even though it was named the 'old' tower, the room itself was in a good condition decorated with classic style. The room was quite spacious, beds are fine, housekeeping was quick and friendly. Breakfast was perfect ranging from Chinese to Indian food, from Continental to American breakfast, and they also provide juices and smoothies. You couldn't hope for more! Minor thing was we lost a small doll, but we reckoned it wasn't because it was stolen but probably got washed away with our bedsheets. We did visit the Spa, and even thought it was of high quality, the price was just too expensive. Overall was a qood experience.	
Jan 29 2008	Doesn't lose its charm	Stayed here during a conference - in the old tower. Great service. Very helpful staff, particularly concierge who helped me find a good pearls shop in the basement of the science centre and wrote the directions in chinese for the taxi driver. Always remember guide books are out of date once printed so check with local staff! Conference facilities fine and food good. Certainly go back. Make sure you eat in the French Concession area of Shanghai and have a massage at Spa on the BUnd. the ferry across the river is great too and soooo cheap. Sam from London	
Jan 10 2008 	Superb Experience	Stayed in the original tower with side view of river. Room was large,immaculate throughout and was very comfortable as you would expect. We could not find anything bad to say about this Shangri la hotel, yes it is a large hotel but you know that before you go, all of the staff were very polite and it felt genuine as well. The breakfast buffet was one of the most spectacular we have seen and although not cheap was of very high quality.The hotel is situated right on the river which is a great location with fab views across to the bund especially from the roof top bar 36 storeys up at night. Great hotel in great position and would most certainly stay again if in Shanghai.	
Jan 9 2008	Loved it!!!!!!!! FAB HOTEL!!!!!	Wow!! Great hotel, wonderful staff, they liturally could not do enough for you, I've stayed in some of the best hotels in the world and the Shangri-La, Shanghai is really up there with my favourites. One point I would make is on booking ask to stay in the NEW TOWER!!!	
Dec 27 2007 	Very disappointing	The hotel staff's English was quite limited and they didn't seem very helpful towards me. There was no need to insert your room key to reach the room floors, which bothered me a fair bit since this is a very busy part of Shanghai, and it was disturbing to know that anyone can access any floor. The room was VERY DIRTY. There was black dust all over every surface and the floor looked like it needed a good vacumming. I checked out the very next day and do not ever intend to go back.	
Dec 9 2007 	Jade 36	The hotel is wonderful; however the crowning jewel is the exquisite dining experience of Jade 36. It is hard to imagine a more creative, elegant and memorable dining experience. Do not miss this unique restaurant; no matter where you have been, there is nothing that compares to this.	
Dec 2 2007	Excellent hotel in a great spot	Using the outstanding Maglev train link to get from Pudong International Airport, and a cab from the station to the hotel, we pulled up at the hotel and the place immediately felt familiar. The lobby area of the hotel is reminiscent of a top Las Vegas strip hotel, in its size and slightly vulgar opulence. Some Tripadvisor reviews had warned of over-enthusiastic staff, pushing upgrades on you, but we didn't experience this. We had requested a Premier room in Tower 2, and were very please with it. The speedy lifts/elevators took us up to our extremely high room (floor 34, I think), and we made our way into the large and attractive room. Pulling back the electrically-operated curtains and nets, we had a view of Pudong, which wasn't ideal, but that's what we paid for. The vast amount of construction taking place in the hotel's immediate surroundings meant almost constant noise, but it was OK at night. We were also so far up that the noise wasn't overly-intrusive; just a background noise of pneumatic hammers and piledrivers. This may get worse as the buildings reach higher into the sky (they were still at ground level when we were there.Housekeeping at the hotel was marvellous, and in-room dining very pleasant. There is a supermarket in the basement of the shopping centre next door to the hotel, so you can stock up on drinks and snacks, and put them in the mini-bar. The safe was large enough to contain a 15&quot; laptop and various other gadgets and valuables, and the bathroom was luxurious and large (2 basins, separate shower cubicle with waterfall shower head, flat-screen TV at the end of the bath).The room itself was very comfortable, with comfortable beds, welcome air-conditioning (Shanghai was incredibly hot while we were there) large television, desk, floor-to-ceiling windows, some comfortable seating and ample wardrobe space. Disappointingly, internet access was chargeable, but we found it useful.We enjoyed the bar (Jade on 36) a couple of floors up, though found the drink prices to be a bit steep. It's not a long walk to go over to the Jin Mao building and admire an even loftier view from the bar at the top of the Hyatt hotel. A 5 minute walk in the other direction takes you to the river, where you get a view of the Bund. There are also a few bars/restaurants and a Hagen Daazs outlet by the river. We used a number of transport options from the hotel; taxis are very inexpensive, if a bit &quot;exciting&quot;. The very efficient tube/metro system can be accessed from the station across the road (and slightly round the corner) from the hotel, and the hilarious Bund Sight-seeing tunnel is a short walk from the hotel. This last means of transport isn't the best value, but it is quite funny, and it gets you to the Bund. We liked being on the Pudong side of the river, and transport was so straightforward and cheap, that nothing was stopping us from going back and forth when we wanted to go shopping or sightseeing on the old-town side.During our stay, we were very happy with the hotel, the staff were most helpful, and we would certainly consider staying there again, if we were to return to Shanghai. The only thing stopping us would be the constantly changing selection of hotels, which will doubtless provide the Shangri-La with a challenge to keep up with ever-increasing standards. Right now, however, they've got to be up there with the best in town.	
Nov 22 2007	Very good	A great hotel. Excellent rooms. Good service with English speakers on every desk. A very reasonable price when compared to similar hotels worldwide.Would thoroughly recommend staying here.	
Nov 15 2007	The best of the best in Shanghai!	One of the best hotel in the world. Good location, friendly, clean, and beautiful. High quality food, beverages, and staff. Have been coming here for years, and will not go to any other hotel in Shanghai.	
Nov 13 2007	Loved the Shangri-La	The Shangri-La was awesome! I stayed here twice on business and thoroughly enjoyed both visits. The location is great (I could even walk to work) and I especially enjoyed the Blue Frog and Super Brand Mall. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is traveling to Shanghai and staying on the Pudong side of the river.	
Nov 4 2007	Superb Shangri-La	Pudong Shangri-La is superb, typical Shangri-La rooms, comfortable and the Bund view is fantastic. Food, as always in Shangri-La hotels is excellent, although breakfast is very busy around 8 am, I assume due to lots of business customers.The only downside is that they used DCC on my credit card on checkout, fortunately I spotted it and got them to reverse it and charge me in Yuan. (DCC Direct Currency Conversion is a scam whereby the bank converts your bill to your local currency at an unfavourable rate). The hotel has told me they will make sure that in future they always ask before using DCC.	
Oct 30 2007	Great place to stay	I have stayed at this hotel before and continue to enjoy my experience at the hotel (and the various chains). This time round I believe I stayed in the newer tower (tower 1, which I believe is a bit cheaper). Location isn't probably the most convenient but it is Shanghai and taking a cab or the subway is your best way to get around anyways. You are close to the Bund , the Pearl Tower as well as the Grand Hyatt (I'm guessing a 10-15 minute walk at most). Rooms (Executive room - single) are a good size with modern furnishings and a very nice design. Definitely, a lot bigger than what you would get in HK. Amentities are-a-plenty. Lounge bar, night bar, excellent buffet lunch, decent sized gym (cardio equipment has personal tv's built-in with headphones) etc. I stayed at the Grand Hyatt a few days later and if you ignore the Hyatt's over the top glamour and glitz (don't get me wrong, it is very nice and impressive!) I think you get better value with the Shangri-La. However, if you can expense it, then go for the Hyatt (and check out its bar at the top of the hotel - 88th floor, I believe).	
Oct 23 2007 	Great Hotel Amazing Buffet	The hotel has an excellent location and a beautiful lobby with gorgeous garden views. The rooms are very nice. The service at this hotel was absolutely stellar all around: all restaurant staff, check-in, concierge, bellman, cleaning staff, you name it. The breakfast buffet is the most amazing breakfast buffet display I have ever seen anywhere in the world! I was sad that I did not have time to do a lunch there. It was an international feast fit for any nationality: American, German, French, Chinese, Japanese, etc. Not only was there an amazing display of food variety, but the presentation was so beautiful! The lobby with gorgeous garden views is a great spot to have a drink or afternoon tea. I can't say enough good things about the Shangri La in Shanghai!!!! =) I dream of going back!	
Oct 5 2007 	best location in Shanghai over looking the Bund	This hotel is one of the best 5 * hotels I have stayed in and in my opinion has the best location in Shanghai over looking the Bund and is especially good at night when the lights illuminate all the buildings and they have laser shows. We had a superior room on the 16th floor of the original tower so after an exhausting day we could lay in bed and have a free light show. Its also 4 minute walk from a big shopping mall with many clothes shops and restaurants ( I would recommend the Hongye great food and a menu in English) and 10 minuets from the Oriental Pearl Tower ( the T V tower) a landmark of Shanghai. The check in was excellent with friendly courteous staff . The bedroom was a good size and well decorated with large a comfortable king size bed and a choice of 5 pillows contour, polyester, feather, herbal or buckwheat. The usual slippers, bath robe, tea/coffee facilities, ironing board &amp; iron and a rechargeable torch and smoke masks. YI café served an extensive range of high quality food for breakfast. It could take you 4 minuets to walk around every counter to see the choices from English/ American to Asian and Chinese. They have a great health club on level 4 open 5.30am-11pm with running machines looking out over the Bund and city and also a tennis court, swimming pool , sauna, steam room and Jacuzzi. The hotel has some shops and a business centre. The staff were very courteous and friendly and I will certainly return to stay here on my next visit to Shanghai	
Sep 19 2007 	Fab hotel with great rooms overlooking the Bund	A fab hotel with great rooms overlooking the Bund. My wife and I stayed here as part of a private tour of many cities in China.We used Shangri-la hotels in all five locations and were very satisfied overall. This hotel was one of the two best we experienced. The hotel has a wonderful sense of arrival, a super overall ambiance throughout the public areas and wery friendly, efficient and attentive professional employees.Our room overlooking the bund added to our enjoyment. The only downside was the initial smell smoking caused by previous occupants despite it being a non-smoking room. Housekeeping did their best to remove it and overall the housekeeping standard was excellent.There are a number of excellent restaurants and Breakfast was amaizing. The 36th floor bar was spectacular, next time we will use the Restaurant on that floor.They did get the bill wrong on check out and I am in discussion to have it corrected..... be careful to check your credit card statement after your departure.	
Sep 16 2007 	My collegues 	My collegues were so glad this hotel ended up back on our &quot;approved hotels&quot; list at work. It is a fabulous hotel with a great location. As this was my first trip to Asia, I was really overwhelmed at the great service and beautiful furnishings of the hotelLike another reviewer, I was also pleasantly surprised at how quickly I was checked in and in my room. The service at the hotel was really great. I stayed at this hotel for 2 consecutive weekends, in two different towers. The first weekend I stayed in the old tower on the 22nd floor where I had a fabulous view of the hotel gardens &amp; pool and the Pearl Tower. Because I had internet access in my room, I rigged up my webcam and was able to show my boyfriend a real-time view of the tower. That was really amazing. The room was beautiful with marble floors and shower in the bathroom. I also upgraded so the room included internet and breakfast in the tower lounge. That was definitely worth it since the lounge was quiet and intimate with a great view.The next weekend I stayed in the new tower. The room was much more modern and sleek, with electronically controlled curtains and lighting. The bathroom door was interesting since it was curved and slid along a rail. The room view was not as nice though - a construction site. This room was quite a bit more than I paid in the old tower, and it did not have the view and did not include breakfast or internet. It was nice to try both towers, but I think I'd stay in the old one next time. (I think the room may have been larger in the old tower, too)I didn't try the basement restaurant. I went to the buffet one between the two towers and it was fantastic! The food was to die for and there was something for everyone: traditional asian chinese or vietnamese, seafood, mediterrean food, western food and desserts that you just had to try. There are several kitchen stations with staff there to help you with your selections. Nothing I ate disappointed me. If I end up back in Shanghai, I will definitely eat there again,The location of the hotel was perfect. It was across from the Bund so you had a great view of it but were away from the crowd. I never took a cab in Shanghai (except to get to the airport or out of town), so I took the pedistrian tunnel across. It's such an easy way to get to the other side. If you don't want to go that far, there is a fantastic mall right next to the hotel with tons of shops and restaurants. Overall I was really pleased with my stay and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 11 2007 	Good Hotel Great Food....but could have been better !	Let the title of the review not bother you. This is a good property, excellent location, courteous staff with reasonably good knowledge of English (its important in Shanghai), fabulous service.The BIG Positives for this Hotel are :1. Location - Very well connected to underground rail, taxis are available, the great shanghai bund and tower are across the road, shopping areas can be reached in 10-12 min. and at 15-20 Yuan by taxi or 3 Yuan by train.2. Food - Yi Cafe offers decent vegetarian spread. Italian, Indian, Lebanese, Japnese etc. cuisine options3. Service- Staff &amp; Service deserve a mention. Check-in/out was express.Things that could be Improved :1. BATS - A nightclub in the basement which allows &quot;women&quot; to solicit customers. One would not expect &quot;Shangrila&quot; brand to allow such business officially within its premises.2. Rooms - While rooms are well maintained and have all necessary amenities the overall ambience in rooms &amp; lobby needs some attention to further improve the hotel rating.	
Sep 6 2007	Good facilities and location...	I stayed in the Pudong Shangrila for 4 nights as part of a business trip. First of all, I was very concerned about food being a vegetarian, I imagined that it would be tough to get along but the hotel had a very good veggie spread in its buffet. Rooms were very comfortable and well tuned to a business traveller. Jade at 36 has a fantastic view and the basement pub BATS is quite ok (not great) but has some good singers. Staff is very courteous and rooms are maintained very well. Overall, was a good stay and was conducive to checking out the main sights in the city as they were not far away by cab.ps: The restaurants in the hotel shut down really early like around 930 pm so for late nighters like myself it is quite a problem!	
Aug 27 2007 	Good but not excellent	I stayed at the Shangrila for 6 nights. First, the negatives - I stayed at the grand tower and the rooms were good but nothing special. They were kind of small and lacked the normal Asian hospitality that you get to see in other Asian countries. No fruits in the room, no DVD player, the AC refused to go below 24 degrees C, the TV volume was capped at a certain level and at times made it hard to hear certain channels. Mind you, a DVD player becomes very useful when you are staying for a long time and especially since 90% of the channels are in Chinese. The bathrooms too were standard. The carpet in the room needed a wash in few spots. The hotel has a disco in the ground floor - BATS. The music and the ambience was great but the place seemed to be filled with &quot;friendly girls&quot; (if you know what I mean) who keep approaching you every 10 minutes. This really spoilt the fun of sitting with a drink and simply enjoying the music. Now to the positives, and there are quite a few - The check-in process was the fastest I have seen ever. The attendant escorted me directly from the car to the room. The staff is very friendly and hospitable. The food at the hotel is simply great. The location is perfect with a huge mall beside and right across the bund. The hotel is very well connected to the metro and other transportation. Its probably the best location in Shanghai. The bar on the 26th floor has an awesome view and not to be missed at all. If you are lucky, you may get a room with a direct view of the bund. All in all, the experience was good, but I have been to better hotels in Asia. So, this place is not part of my best 3 hotels in Asia. This place is worth a stay though, simply because of its fantastic location to everything.	
Aug 14 2007 	Lovely experience	A few days after my five day stay at the Shangri La Pudong, I met a few Canadian businessmen in Hong Kong. When talking about Shanghai, I mentioned having stayed at the Shangri La. As I was on there on my employer's expenses, they commented: &quot;Wow, your boss takes really good care of you!&quot; And that indeed sums up the experience. From being received by the hotel's deputy manager (and finding a handwritten letter in my room by the manager, apologising for not having received us), to the view from one of their cool bars &quot;Jade on 36&quot;; excellent.Staying on the 18th floor with a fantastic view on the Bund, I must admit the room was not really my style, but still very clean and comfortable. It's just that I'm not a marble and decorative wallpaper kind of guy. And you'd expect to find big flatscreens in such rooms but hey, Chinese tv is crap anyway.Everything else was just spot on! The only thing that I didn't understand was their complicated system of having to sign a bill at breakfast every morning; I'm sure using the room key would be much more relaxed. When checking out I noticed that this system isn't flawless either, as two bottles of Veuve Cliquot were missing from my hotel bill. No reason to complain about that though!All in all, the Shangri La gives you an experience that has only one huge downside; recent stays in luxury hotels in Europe seemed very average &gt; if not under average. Spoiled rotten!	
Aug 7 2007 	We must have stayed in a different hotel!	first of i'll start by saying, i wish id stayed in the same hotel as these other people writing reviews but our experience was very different. Upon arrival we upgraded 2 the horizion club and for this we will always be grateful and definitly recommend this upgrade, the staff here were helpful and pleasant and the benifits were aplenty from breakfast ,2 afternoon tea, pre dinner drinks and also the internet access and use of conference room and the Fab views of the Bund. Im afraid thats all we could find positive about this hotel.  The hotel inside is nice enough but its like the tin man and its SO lacks a HEART and SOUL.. The staff smile but could care less about ur wants or needs and we found it went in 1 ear and threw the vacant eyes and out the other ear, without ever having registered as an actual question, need or want but that self same smug look just stayed there permanently on there faces and this, i found 2 be the same with all the staff we came in contact with.  We had booked and paid for a delux, family smoking room in the old tower a few months previous but they booked us in2 a non smoking basic room on an non smoking floor (they then told us 2 smoke on that floor, rather than move us) with no extra bed for my 10 year old niece who traveled with us. We had 2 ask 4 a bed 2 be put in the room 4 her and the bed was old and heavy on the springs, infact we had 2 go see them the next morning as the beds were so hard and uncomfortable for us all. Now give them there due's they did add mattress toppers, which helped a bit but we found the beds very uncomfortable 4 a weeks stay, as when the extra bed was added 2 the room u could barely move in there. Its very much a 2 to 3 day stay hotel, infact its just a quick turnover hotel for business.  The room amenities in the bathroom were great and well stocked but as far as tea and coffee goes they were they never replenished and when we called housekeeping 2 request this they couldnt understand and when eventually they did u were brought up 2 milk 1 tea and 1 coffee and no matter how many days they were told this, they still never replenished them the whole time we were there.  with the time difference my niece found it hard 2 adjust and because of this on 3 occasions we were unable 2 go out for a meal and ordered in room service, 1st 2 occasions the meals werent great, the food was luke warm and the beans had not been heated at all but on the 3rd occasion no1 was able 2 eat it as it was stone cold even tho my meal arrived 10 mins after the others as it wasnt ready, it was still very cold when it came. I phoned them up and was told it would be taken off the bill but within 2 mins some1 was at the door 2 take the food away ( if u werent paying 4 it u werent having it) and as happy as we were 2 see the food go, we did find it strange, as it was done with more speed than anything else in the hotel during our stay. We started and ended our stay in Dubai in the royal meridien resort and spa and this may have been a bad thing as the service in the meridien is so good , it just made the shangri la's seem so poor and as every1 no's its the little things that count when ur away from home.  AS A TOP TIP, please make sure u carry toilet roll when ur out shopping as they dont provide it in the malls.	
Jul 15 2007 	Great service with a luxury feel	'In Shanghai on corporate visit with the spouse. I've stayed in Shanghai before, and this is my favorite hotel (although I'm sure the Park Hyatt will give them some compeition.)I sprung for the Horizons Club level with Bund View in the older tower. While it's pricey enough, many extras make it worth the upcharge (e.g. internet acess included, as well as many amenities in the club lounge) and would be a bargain in many other cities.Room 2424 is very spacious, with floor-to-ceiling views of the Bund and the fun-but-goofy Pearl Tower. The view is particularly stunning at night when the Bund's art deco buildings light up, the more modern Pudong buildings put on their lights, and the dinner cruises turn on their colored lights and parade up and down the river. On a Saturday night, we were also treated to fireworks.Again, the room and bathroom are very spacious with spotless housekeeping. Modern/sleek Asian influenced furnishings provided a lot of drawer and closet space, all the usual electronics, and a roomy desk for working. Our room had a sofa in the sitting area, and flowers and fresh fruit were always on the cocktail table. There are many amenities that you expect in a finer hotel, including robes, coffee/tea maker, ironing board, separate tub and shower, loads of toiletries and complimentary necessities (e.g. toothbrush razor, nail clipper, etc. -- you could be shipwrecked here and still look presentable.)The Horizons Club lounge is wonderful, with views to the river and Bund. The breakfast buffet is quite extensive, with many things for Asian and western tastes. This includes many hot items (always some steamed dumplings and other Asian items; always some kind of egg dish with sausages and meats;) many cereals, fresh fruit and juice options; many cold breakfast items (cheese, etc.) exellent bakery and pasteries; etc. The drawbacks are relatively minor: coffee and tea are mostly serve-yourself, and the machine goes ONE cup at a time, leading to back-ups at busy periods. Eventually the staff comes around with coffee or tea to ease the line, but it is not automatic. Also: Monday is cooked-to-order omlet day -- NOT an everyday option.Also in the lounge: the bountiful teatime with pastries segways into cocktail time with lovely snacks and cheeses, and very nice assortment of wine, beer, soft drinks, and liquor available. As you would expect: there is an internet-access terminal available for guests, an assortment of newspapers, sofas and TV, and 2 hours of the use of one of their conference rooms can be reserved.The public rooms and lounges are classy and beautiful. The &quot;main&quot; lounge in the older tower has soaring windows that face the river, but the view may be blocked by landscaping for an immediate view. This room has music (often classical) during formal tea time, and something jazzier in the evening that seems to change nightly. There is also a bar in the new tower with great views, but the music to me is not as pleasureable (that kind of techno-rock that I find grating, but seems the thing to show that you are modern.)Each tower has a fitness area with lap pools and firness equipment. The newer tower has a more extensive spa, which I didn't try.There are a number of good restaurants on site, mostly upscale and Asian. The &quot;all-purpose&quot; Cafe Yi that serves breakfast through dinner has an extensive multi-cultural menu. However, the layout is somewhat confusing, which can lead to buffet diners missing some options. Still, I wish they'd have a plain mixed green salad on teh a la carte menu to accompany and dinners -- the closest they come is a Caesar salad prepared in the classic way -- with essence of anchoivies in the dressing. 'Sometimes you're just not in the mood...The staff throughout the hotel is exceptional -- polished, friendly, knowledgeable, and very willing to help. I especially appreciate the service with taxis. If you ask, the Concierge gives you a &quot;form&quot; note that identifies where you'd like to go. The staff at the taxi stand makes sure that the driver is clear about your destination. There are a number of dining options within walking distance of the hotel, including in the Superbrands Mall (some electronics stores, but otherwise mostly shops that appeal to younger adults.) The dining options there are mostly Asian, but also include a McDonald's, a Fresh Cafe for excellent healthier items (ground level with outside entrance), Hooters (next door, if you must) etc. The riverfront park also has many restaurants and outdoor optons, but we didn't try any of them. We may next time.There are a few excellent (but pricey) restaurants nearby on and near the Bund. Get there via the really cheap ferry that continually goes back and forth across the river. The dock is about a 7 minute walk from the back door of the hotel. Three on the Bund contains many of them: Laris, Wampoa Club, Jean-Georges (yes, THAT Jean-Georges,) New Heights (for more casual, bistro-type food.)Some may complain that Pudong isn't the best location, but it suits my professional needs, and really is not that much of an issue. Again, the ferry to the other side is cheap, and the cabs are still really pretty cheap -- $3 - 4 U.S. gets you to just about any of the Shanghai sites you'd want to go to.An aside from other visits: while the Ritz-Carlton Portman is nice, it feels colder and corporate than the Shangri-La's classy luxury and Asian feel. Also: when we went to the CJW at the Westin (wonderful dinner and service, with a view) the lobby seemed much too loud to be pleasant on a daily basis. The point: I'd much rather stay at the Shangi-La and take a taxi or ferry to other places I'd want to go.I've stayed at other Shangri-La's that were nice but not quite as impressive as this (e.g. New Delhi,) so I don't expect this to be every Shangri-La experience. However, for an in-town stay that didn't involve a suite, this place tops my charts.	
Jul 4 2007 	Great Hotel!	Very nice and modern hotel.Amazing stay at the Grand Tower.- Big comfortable room- Very modern interior- Flat Panel TV- Nice Bathroom with Rain Bath, Tub and LCD TV- Comfortable bed- Wonderful Floor to Ceiling windows- Good Service- Free wifi in the Lobby, but expensive broadband in the room- Noisy construction and street at night- Located beside Superbrand Mall: Lotus hypermarket, Zara, H&amp;M and restaurants like Ye Shanghai, Din Tai Fung and Element Fresh- Near the river promedade with great views of the bund- Elevators and Lobby are busy at times- Great location on Pudong but quite far from other attractions like Xintiandi and the Bund	
Jul 1 2007 	Excellent location	My husband and I stayed here in May while on an independant tour of Beijing, Shanghai, Xian and Hong Kong. We booked via the hotel website and took the value package which included airport transfers, breakfast and unlimited laundry. We were met at the airport and transported in a very nice Merc to the hotel. Cold bottles of water and cold towels were very welcome on the journey.Check in was in the room. We had booked a Deluxe Bund view room in the old tower which was fabulous. Lovely bathroom with separate shower and a fantastic view of the Bund - well worth the extra cost.In the hot and humid conditions we made good use of the laundry service which was swift and well laundered - it even came back in a basket with a lavender sachet!Breakfast was excellent. On the first day we sampled from the counters near our table and were very pleased with the selection. Then the next day we were seated elsewhere in the restaurant and discovered that we had missed as much selection again as there are two parts to the breakfast room, the joining point being where the fruit juices and smoothies are, so bear this in mind! We didn't eat in any of the other restaurants, but if breakfast was anything to go by they should be good.We went for a drink in the bar on the top floor of the new tower, Bar 36 I think it is called. Quite expensive but the view is fantastic and a pink champagne up there was a treat worth every penny.We had room service once, which again was swift, well presented and tasty.If you want to eat elsewhere without crossing the river there are plenty of places in walking distance including a couple of good casual eateries between the hotel and the shopping mall, facing the river. One to be recommended is right at the entrance to the mall and sells 'healthy' sandwiches and salads in a cool, clean and modern setting.There are two fitness centres and swimming pools at the hotel. Both pools are sufficient and nice for a cooling dip. The lobby lounge was a lovely place to relax over a drink in the evenings and they usually had a singer or group playing. Service could not be faulted. Very helpful and friendly staff in all areas of the hotel.Unlike some other reviewers, we didn't think it was a problem being the other side of the river to the Bund. If you go out of the hotel 'backdoor' and turn left, you can walk 10 minutes along the river to catch the ferry across the river. This costs pennies and gives you good views on the crossing. Alternatively, you can go out of the same hotel exit, turn right and after 10 minutes will reach the entrance to the tourist tunnel. This is a cross between a cablecar and underground train system with flashing lights to entertain you as you go underneath the river to the Bund side. Ask at the hotel for directions as the tunnel is not at all well signposted. The aquarium and erotic museum in the same building as the tunnel is, in my opinion, not worth visiting unless you're stuck for something to do. To get the ferry back to the hotel side you need to be on the street level along the Bund rather than on the Prom where other boats go from - hopefully this info will save you walking up and down in the heat searching for the ferry terminal!All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel. Shanghai itself has less to offer than I had imagined but still glad we went.	
Jun 22 2007	Incredible But Some Service Issues	Wow! What a beautiful and amazing place! Excellent location on the waterfront w/great view of the Bund - easy walk across the street. If you like modern decor (and I do) you will love this place. Do not miss the excellent International Buffet in the Yi Cafe. It is truly an event for your palate. The only issue I had was the service in the Yi cafe. Very slow and inattentive wait staff. This seemed to be an issue throughout China so I can't fault the hotel specifically - just know that it is an issue. I will definately book here again though. One of the best hotels I have ever stayed at!	
May 5 2007	Wow	Stayed here for 3 nights in April - here are our thoughts.Rooms - we upgraded for 300rmb per night ( for the room not per person) to have room 2425 - we were not dissapointed. It had a stunning view of the bund - binoculars provided in the room - robes/slippers/upgraded toiletries/fresh fruit/flowers - the bathroom was excellant with a seperate shower and complimentry loofer !!!! With this room you also get access to the horizon club which means a complimentry lounge including first class breakfast with hot+cold food/nightly 2 hour cocktail session where all drinks are free as well as dim sum and other beautifull cakes and nibbles then throughout the day the lounge is available for free soft drinks &amp; cakes - all this for an extra $40 per night ($20 per person ) - fantastic value.Location - doesnt get much better - right on the waterfront - subway station 2 minute walk away - the hotel also attaches to a mall wherby you can access a supermarket in the basement.Staff - friendly - but being a very westernised city much of the chinese peoples strength in being kind and considerate and desperate to help you is lost.Food - only ate at the horizon club lounge but if there canapes and breakfasts are anything to go by then the restaurants in the hotel will be awesome.Facilities - there are 2 towers - the old one on the waterfront and the new one - the pool area in the old tower was pretty average - go to the new tower where you have a stunning leisure complex - the pool is vast, sauna lovely and the best ever steam room ive been in - plenty of towells slippers and robes in the changing rooms as well as tropical rain forest showers !!!! In the changing rooms there are also &quot;relaxation rooms &quot; where you can pour yourself a cup of tea and lie down and relax - the toiletries include lotions and hairsprays. This is all included in your room cost - the Chi Spa looks stunning and has price to match !!! You have to decide if you want a foot massage or buy a BMW - you cant have both !!!!!!Overall - taking everything into account one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in - pay the small upgrade fee to get the view and horizon club facilities - reception came down on the upgrade fee considerably !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 5 2007 	Find your Shangri-la in Shanghai	I stayed in the grand tower of the Shanghai Shangri-La for five nights. Owing to availability issues I took an executive suite on the 35th floor with a panoramic view of the bund and the Pu Dong river.The hotel is certainly opulent with high quality fixtures and fittings absolutely everywhere. Even the elevators had trick interiors with infinity mirror wall cladding!My room was not huge but was a very comfortable living space with very modern fittings. The bed was quite staggeringly comfortable, a huge sprawling double facing the window wall. A switchboard by the bed facilitated electic drawing of both net and drape curtains. The State of the art TV &amp; entertainment centre was easy to use, even if there was a limited number of English speaking channels.There is a free of charge DVD lending service available by calling &quot; one touch service&quot; which helped.There is a very well equipped work desk, with a drawer full of stationary items, and a fax machine if required.Free wireless was available but this was sporadic in reliability. A RMB150 charge per day was required for cable LAN access.Note that many websites, such as news.bbc.co.uk are censored in China. Your firewall is not broken when this happens, don't worry.The pleasant lounge area in the suite made for very comfortable and civilised work meetings with colleagues which went somewhat to justifying the high price for this room.The room was equipped with a &quot;stay boiled&quot; kettle which was very handy, and a reasonably priced and well stocked minibar. Nice touch items such as an unbrella, and an iron were also stored in a cupboard.The restaurants in the hotel were very good, as was teh room service food, but I recommend ducking to the next door shopping mall to eat sometimes, for cheaper and more interesting Chinese food.The gym was once again opulently equipped, and changing facilities truly first class. The bar on the 36th floor gets full of &quot;hostesses&quot; after ten pm, so aquiet relaxing drink needs to be had in one of the ground floor lounge areas, but that is not much of a hardship.In truth it was a fantastically comfortable hotel, that came as closeto being worth its price as any of the great hotels do, and very convenient for many large companies in Pu Dong.Recommended if opulence is of more importance to you than value. Not a very &quot;Chinese&quot; experience but truly one of the world's best hotels.	
May 4 2007 	Beautiful hotel with a few service glitches	Wish I coud give this one a 4.5 - as others have said its a beautiful hotel, elegantly finished, rooms are spacious in tower 2 with top quality bathrooms. But as with other reviewers the first room I was offered was not the one I had reserved, another case of offering a construction site view when a bund view was paid for. Now I know it mst be hard to sell construction site rooms but it was a little disingenous to show me to a room that was below what I had paid for and hope the late hour of check in would mean i did not notice! After that however, all went smoothly , great spa, efficient in room dining etc although will agree getting to the west side of the Bund is more difficult than I had presumed - for Bangkok regulars it is definitely not as easy as popping on the Peninsula water shuttle, its a good cab ride with the potential for traffic or the surreal tourist train!	
Apr 19 2007 	Excellent hotel	Stayed for 3 nights in April having requested an upgrade to this hotel on our China tour. Initially a bit daunting, due to size and numbers of liveried staff, but soon realised it was very friendly and easy to navigate. We stayed in the old tower, had to crane to see the river, but you can see that from plenty of other places. Very good room with quiet and effective aircon and everything you could ask for. There was even an umbrella in the wardrobe in case of rain.The buffet area (Li-YI or something similar!) was huge and when we first looked in we did not realise how much choice there was. We therefore had first dinner at BATS american diner (part of hotel) which was fine but unexceptional. However breakfast is taken in the buffet area and was amazing. The choice was fantastic and very attentively served, to the extent that they re folded your napkin every time you got up!On the last night we dined at Jade on 36 (or 35?)which is excellent value for the quality and imagination on offer. A similar quality restaurant in the UK would be double the price. Our set meal was about £50 per head with wine from about £20. Given the view and the specialness of the venue this seemed fair value.The shops and bars were pricey compared to other places, but this is a top rate hotel. There are plenty of other restaurants nearby and a very good shopping mall. I walked to the Pearl Tower and had a ride to the top (the only westerner there). I wanted to do this, but at £10 it must be very pricey for the locals.	
Apr 15 2007	Simply Stunning	This hotel is as good as its reputation suggests. We stayed there for 2 nights in March/April 2007.The public areas are immaculate, all polished marble and very airy. Restaurants (all 12 of them) are excellent, and the room we had in Tower 2 was superb. We payed a small fee to ensure a Tower 2 room on the 19th floor. And (even though we did not see any Tower 1 rooms) the extra outlay was well worth it. We would have no hesitation in staying there again, although Shanghai itself is not a great city. Very polluted!	
Apr 14 2007 	Great hotel excellent service	Stayed at first in the newer tower then in the old tower, just next to the river. Room rates are circa 20% more expensive in the newer tower than the old tower. Actually room view is better from the old tower, than in the new tower. ShangriLa has many great restaurants, and its restaurant and lounge bar JADE36 on the top floor of new tower, with the excellent DJ &quot;Kiko&quot;.ShangriLa very convenient to SuperBrand mall, and soon to the new IFC shopping mall (similar to HKG).	
Apr 13 2007	A Hotel that Exceeds all Expectations	When booking your room in this great hotel make sure you ask for either a river view room in the old tower, or a room high up in the new tower with a river view. The reason for this being that the new tower is built directly behind the old tower so if your room in the new tower is too low your only view will be of the back of the old tower. Make sure you don't make that mistake! However, this hotel is really is amazingly luxurious. The rooms in the old tower are themselves what one would expect from a 5-star hotel but the rooms in the new tower really do exceed all expectations of what is defined as luxury. The food is, of course, being a Shangri-La, superb and the staff are, of course, friendly. This hotel certainly does not disappoint or tarnish the reputation of the world renowned Shangri-La chain, instead it does the opposite.	
Apr 9 2007 	Pudong Shangri-La	Just returned from 3 nights here. Hotel room and facilities were all fine but was a bit annoyed at check in with the hard sell of upgrades! First I was offered the Horizon upgrade at a cost of 700 RMB per night and was told this would get me breakfast and the afternoon canapes etc, said I wasn't interested as I wouldn't be at the hotel in the afternoons and breakfast was already included in my room rate and I think what the check in clerk was trying to tell me was that it would be a better breakfast! Was then offered an upgrade to Tower 2 at a cost of 350 RMB per night. Although Tower 2 is newer I tried to explain that a room in Tower 1 would be adequate as being a 5* hotel it shouldn't be anything less than in perfect condition for the rate we had paid. He didn't quite understand this. I do think there is something wrong in trying to get you to pay extra for the same room albeit in a new block, I think they should be offering guests these rooms at no extra cost if available.Regarding location, I have to say being on the Pudong side wasn't great. When on holiday I don't mind the adventure of public transport to get around so didn't think this would be an issue BUT the subway stops running before 11pm and we did have a few cabs refuse to take us back over from Puxi late at night.	
Jan 31 2007 	Good Experience	I had the opportunity to stay at this hotel for 5 nights during a business conference last week. The hotel is located across the river on the newer side of Shanghai. In short, its an excellent place for the visitor to Shanghai for staying in: great rooms, service, multitude of bars and an award winning restaurants on the premises, good spa, shopping mall around the corner as well as a few sights such as the Jin Mao tower / Oriental pearl TV tower etc.	
Jan 11 2007	fantastic	Can't say much more than that. Definitely the best in China, and from now on my home in Shanghai. Rooms, staff, view on the river, bar, restaurant, breakfast : now THAT's what I call a hotel.	
Dec 16 2006 	Perfect four days at the Shangri La	We had high expectations for the hotel as we had stayed in the Bangkok Shangri La several years ago and thought it was fantastic. We were not disappointed as every aspect of the hotel from the service to the cleanliness was faultless. We had booked a bund view premier room in Tower 2 which was superbly appointed. The premier rooms are seemingly the largest in Shanghai and worth the money. We visited several other hotels during our stay including the Hyatt and much preferred the Shangri La. As we were on holiday we took advantage of treatments in the Chi Spa and used the leisure facilities which were great.	
Nov 23 2006 	Superb Shangri-La	Brilliant end to 2 weeks vacation in China. We'd booked a normal room but managed to get an upgrade to a suite as we checked in for our last 2 nights. No, it wasn't for free but..... The suite was spectacular with views on 3 sides. The upgrade price also gave us access to the Horzon Club lounge and the 2 hour nightly happy hour. (not to be missed) as well as breakfast in the Cafe (also not to be missed). So it was worth every penny. Overall the hotel is superb. Staff incredibly attentive, public spaces as well as the room spotless. Exactly what you expect from Shangri-La.	
Nov 9 2006	Very nice hotel in a good location	Outstanding hotel with plenty of in-hotel facilities (lounge, bar, restaurants, etc). Rooms are very nice. Location is excellent for Pudong area. I requested and received a room in Tower 2.	
Nov 3 2006	Nice Hotel - But there are better choices in Shanghai	Let me begin by saying this is a beautiful property overlooking the Huangpu River right across from the Bund. If you have a river view room, the view is spectacular especially at night. This is a large property with many restaurants (the ones we tried were excellent). The hotel also has a great spa, one of the nicest I have seen. There are two main downsides to this hotel, one is the cost and the other is the location. As for the cost, I don’t mind spending top dollar for an excellent hotel, but at this hotel you seem to be paying a huge premium for being isolated across the river in an area where there isn’t a great deal of competition. Everything from tea in the lobby lounge (around $10USD) to internet access at their business center is priced more for individuals on an expense account than someone paying for the service themselves. I compare these prices to what we paid at the Four Seasons across the river and it is nearly twice the cost. As for the location, in my opinion, the only benefit to being on the Pu Dong side of the river is the view at night and it is a bit closer to the International Airport. But Pu Dong is a new concrete jungle and you don’t really feel like you are in China – just look around at the Starbucks in front of the hotel, Hooters right next door or Hagen-Daz around the corner. This whole area has been constructed over the past ten years. Bottom line, if you just need a beautiful place to spend a night in Shanghai this is an excellent hotel. But if you want to experience Shanghai, and spend some time touring the city, best bet is to stay across the river – there are many choices and the hotels are equal and some better than the Shangri La	
Nov 2 2006 	Great hotel once they actually give you the room you booked	It's true what several other reviewers have been saying about the hotel not honoring your reservation. I had booked a Premier Suite through the hotel website and received an email confirmation stating that I had a view of the Bund.Lo and behold, when I walked into the smallish suite, I had a view of the construction site next door! The Bund was nowhere in sight. After 30 minutes of speaking to several people at the front desk, the manager on duty finally showed us a suite that indeed had a view of the Bund as promised. It was larger as well, much closer to what I had imagined. The only thing was, it wasn't made up yet.I'm spending $450 USD per night, and they can't even get my reservation right?!? A couple of days before I arrived, they had even emailed me to ask for my time of arrival, which I had provided. I simply don't see why they couldn't have made up that suite in time for my arrival. Were they just trying to put me in an inferior suite?Other than that intial fiasco, the hotel is great. The rooms are gorgeous, the views are stunning, and the service is, well, good for China. Just make sure you insist on getting what you thought you booked! And bring proof.	
Oct 29 2006 	Excellent hotel	We stayed at this hotel in September as part of a business trip in China. It is indeed, as the other reviews say, an excellent hotel. We had a bund view room in tower 1 (the original buidling). The room was spacious and appeared to be freshly re decorated. the bed was huge and comfortable.The bathroom had a separate walk in shower that would accommodate 2 people!The Yi cafe is an experience in itself. You must try the buffet dinner 'with a twist.' Its the most amazing array of worldwide cuisine with lots of individual 'kitchens' serving different dishes. If you dont go for the food, go for the spectacular presentation. Round every corner is another suprise, from the fish tank, to the water wall, to the oriental kitchen - there will be something for you.Breakfast for us was unfortunately a little disappointing. As you usually find in the buffet style breakfast, you queue for toast, by which time the rest of the food on the plate is cold, or vice versa.The leisure facilities were excellent, and we found ourselves in the pool at 6am, and it is open till around 11pm.The lobby lounge bar is very comfortable, and there is another bar which is open till around 2am, where we found a 'late night singer' laid back music and a lovely calm atmosphere. We had a bar snack here at midnight, which was excellent value and a large portion also.We found that drinks in the bars on the Bund were more expensive than in this 5 star hotel! So we went back to the hotel!There are some cheap eating houses nearby, so if you want to keep the cost down, whilst staying in a first class hotel, there is plenty of cheap but good food to be found.Jade on 36 had fantastic views, but we went late night, and for us iit was a little loud and nightclubish, lots of youg people there, so we left and found the quieter late night bar with the laid back music.Tip: dont even try to get a taxi in Shanghai from anywhere except from the rank outside a hotel. The hotel staff will interpret where you are going to the driver. You have no chance of flagging a taxi down, or getting one from a Chinese rank unless you are fluent in Chinese! Stand at any hotels taxi rank - you dont have to be a guest there, but you may have to join the queue for 'non guests' it just takes a little longer!All in all, no complaints from us - and thats unusual! We will probably return to this hotel on our next trip.	
Oct 24 2006	Loved the Pudong Shangri-La H. on Viking's Yangtze R. Cruise	Mr brother and our wives were booked here in August through Viking River Cruises, and this is truly a 5-Star hotel! The rooms we had were spacious and overlooking the Pudong River and the Bund just across the river. With floor-to-ceiling windows edge-to-edge in our Tower 2 room, the view was spectacular!The service was wonderful and the lobby is overwhelming in its beauty and design. Huge, with polished marble floors, but do take CARE in that lobby because, on our very first night, as I was &quot;leading the pack&quot; talking to the others over my shoulder, I didn't see a two-step drop in the middle of the lobby, and fell, breaking a wrist-bone. I was careless, but there should be a little more notice. These stairs go all across the lobby (stadium-type), so it's not obvious you are coming to a dropoff. Even so, we had a great stay, and the breakfasts, Western or Asian, were amazing.BTW, we've stayed at other Shangri-La's (Bangkok &amp; Singapore in the past; Xi'an, and Beijing on this cruise), and I'll put 'em up against any luxury chain. They do it right.	
Oct 22 2006 	Great Hotel-- some words of advice though	All the reviews about this hotel are spot on, however I feel compelled to share my experiences in doing business and traveling in China. If I can help just one person avoid some of the hassles and mistakes I have made, I will have accomplished my mission. I had a great time at this hotel (my fourth trip to Shanghai) and to avoid some of what I am about to tell you, I splurged a bit and booked a suite at the last minute for about $700 US/ night. The most important thing to remember about traveling to China is that the culture is such that honoring a reservation is a distant second to trying to get you to pay more for everything. Don't worry, they don't specifically single out the tourists-- they spend the same amount of time doing this type of thing to one another as they will you. Since I paid through the nose for this reservation, black car service to and from the airport was included-- a little fact the American Express travel agent neglected to tell me. I only found out after I tried to book a car service through the hotel-- and after my american express platinum travel person wanted to offer me a car for $400 US each way. I have booked mutiple reservations (Shanghai, Xi An, Beijing) over the course of several years and many times they have claimed to &quot;lose&quot; my reservation (even the prepaid points reservations from American Express) and I have to fight to get what I have already paid for in some instances. My advice:1. Bring all of your documents of proof of reservation2. If you book through a third party (like a travel agent) and the third party gives you a confirmation number, don't assume the hotel will honor or recognize that confirmation number3. Whenever I can, I'll ask someone local to call the hotel for me and confirm. 4. If you want to arrange for a car to pick you up (highly reccomended) use VOIP to cheaply call the hotel and ask them to do it for you. 5. Be prepared to haggle for almost everything. Above all, try to keep your cool and understand that this is just part of doing business in China. Usually, if you put up a big enough fuss, they will give you what you deserve.	
Oct 3 2006 	Outstanding! The epitome of five star!	This is an outstanding hotel. I stayed in a Horizon Club room in Tower 1 with views over the river and it was superb. The location of the hotel really cannot be beaten. It is within a short walk of many of the Pudong sights and close to the Tourist Tunnel under the river to get to the Bund.The rooms are extremely comfortable and nicely proportioned. The dedicated Horizon Club check in and the use of the Horizon Club lounge were big bonuses.The health club was absolutely lovely, with a small but adequate swimming pool.The staff were absolutely fantastic. Very helpful indeed.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 28 2006 	5 star all the way	The Pudong Shangri-La is a superb 5 star hotel with great staff. I was upgraded at modest cost to a suite overlooking the Bund on the 28th floor-sitting in the window in the late evening looking across the river at the city lights was endlessly fascinating. The Horizon Club is well worth the extra cost with the staff going the extra mile whenever asked for assistance, and the beautiful Spa in the new tower was stunning. One thing to be noted is that to get into the city involves a drive under the river, which in Shanghai traffic can take for ever!! and you can also find , as I did, a great reluctance on the part of taxi drivers to bring you back to Pudong-after five refusals, I walked to one of the big hotels in the city and asked them to get me a taxi and for them it wasn't a problem.	
Sep 21 2006	Absolutely Fantastic	Ok so this is one of the most expensive hotels in Shanghai. If you are looking for a bargain then this is not the place. However, if you want a nice get away or are on a business trip definitely stay here. The rooms are tastefully decorated with facilities that I haven't seen in 5 star European or US hotels. The hotel itself has several great restaurants and a bakery. It is not in downtown Shanghai but then taxis are very affordable in Shanghai and the hotel staff can find you one easily.The Jade on the 36 bar has an amazing view of Shanghai, which is a must see. The other bars in the hotel have their own characteristics and are worth a visit (and so are the restaurants). We had a fantastic time staying there and I would definitely stay there again if I am back in Shanghai. If I were being really picky, I would say that the service at the reception desk was a bit impersonal. However, it was just that the staff's manner was bland. On the other hand, the bar staff were extremely friendly and helpful. And the bar in the lobby has live music every evening. Very Ally McBeal-ish later in the evening (a female duo) but it is not cheesy at all. In fact, it is really great. Worth having a drink or some nice chinese tea there.	
Sep 18 2006 	Stayed Here During The F1 Shanghai Race	Had a little trouble booking in but this was the fault of our travel agent and not of the hotel, however, it did highlight the language barrier problem.The hotel/room was fantastic we have a superb view of the Oriental Pearl Tower, the bell boys were fantastic writing down in chinese places we wanted to go and asking the taxi drivers.If you do go here for the F1 races, complimentary shuttle buses are put on by the hotel to local sports stadiums where F1 buses were waiting to take us to the track.	
Aug 24 2006 	Very Good!!	Moved here after having an unsatifactory stay at the Jin Jiang Tower. Boy, was we glad we chose the Shrangri-la. Hotel was grand and we had a deluxe room Tower 1 which is the older part. They were practically fully booked, so had no choice for rooms as it was last minute stay. Reception was friendly, and service was as expected. Room &amp; bathroom was very clean and very similar to the MO in KL. Breakfast buffet was plentiful and very good. Service needs a little improvement, not anywhere as good as the MO in KL. Overall, a good ending to our trip in Shanghai, which is an amazing city.	
Aug 1 2006 	Absolutely fabulous	I have travelled all over the world experiencing about 70 four and five stars hotels, but this hotel was one of the best. Perhaps only beaten by the Dubai Burj al Arab. We stayed with our two young daughters (2 and 5) and they had a great time - the staff is incredibly friendly, flexible and helpful. It would be unjust to qualify this hotel as a business hotel.The best part of the hotel is its breakfast. A plus! Or 10 out 10.The rooms are spacious, but be wise not to be too scroogy. Take a room with view over the Huangpu-river and the beautiful Bund. The view is a feast for your eyes.Of course, the roomrates are quite high, but I had no second thoughts after staying at the hotel. Quality has its price.We did not eat dinner at the hotel. The proximity of delightful Three on the Bund and M on the Bund proved to be too tempting.	
Aug 1 2006 	Great hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 3nights. I most likely won't return to Shanghai as i think one visit is enough, we ran out of things to do. The hotel was amazing. the food was great. There was such a variety. For dinner there was italian, austrailian, indian, chinese, thai, and that was just the buffet. You could either have buffet or choose from a menu, however i never saw anyone ordering from the menu. The staff were all very friendly. I stayed here with my family, and there werent many other tourists when we were there, however alottt fo buisness people, probably because we arrived on week-days. The hotels appearance is great, and my first impressions were positive. We were on floor 18, and had great views of the telephone tower, (which you can go up and get great views, however make sure its a clear day) We found China to be very muggy, and it never brightened up. The locals said it was due to pollution. I'm not sure. When going up the tower i wouldnt recommened paying to go right to the top, jus go to levels 1 or 2. After a while they all look the same. I liked that there was a huge shopping mall right next door, that was very handy, there was a supermarket in the basement, which had everythinggg. We went to the aquarium, which was around 5mins walk from the hotel, it was good, and little kids would love it. If you dont want to eat in the hotel, you arent short of other options, whilst walking to the aquarium, i found Hooters (which i think is a burger place), and a lil bar. But you have a huge shopping mall next door with everything in, pizza hut etccc. We were told that all the main shopping malls and sightseeing places were on the other side of the river (the hotels right next to the river) so if i had to return to Shanghai, i'd perhaps go to a hotel on the other side.	
Jul 31 2006	Bunderbar	Amazing hotel with superb room sizes.We were upgraded to rooms with a view of the Bund - worth asking for as the sight is spectacular and they know it - in fact they give you powerful binoculars to survey the skyline from the massive windows. Great idea.Everything about the room was perfect and everything you might have wanted was catered for. There was a huge separate walk-in closet and a stunning bathroom with TV.The whole design was very contemporary and felt very new.I didn't get a real chance to try out the restaurants but they looked great and if the breakfast buffet was anything to go by (which was AMAZING) then booking a meal in any one of the several restaurants can't be a disappointment. The hotel is split acorss two towers so be sure to ask which Tower you are in before coming so you get out of the cab at the right one. Also make sure you get the train from the airport - it takes 7mins at 301 km/h rather than a taxi which takes about 1.5hrs at 4km/h. Its only £9 but worth £90!Truly spectacular hotel.	
Jul 29 2006 	The best Brunch in Shanghai	It's got to be the Yi Cafe, Shangri-La Hotel.Popped in several times during a four week stay in Shanghai, May 2006.The food is absolutely fantastic with five chefs providing the most mouthwatering dishes from all over the world.You can spend as long as you like on a Sunday afternoon, savouring all manner of delicious foods from oysters and tiger prawns to Malaysian curries. No worries for vegetarians with plenty of variety to tickle the most fickle of palate....and then cometh the sweet dishes, every type and colour imaginable with mind blowing ice creams and all manner of scrumtuous toppings. You can even request a small gift box and fill it with sweets / nuts etc.Even the kids have a great selection to choose from.The cost is extremely good for a ranked 5 star hotel - around £14.If you just want to dip in for afternoon high tea or for a snack pre -evening event, then visit the groundfloor lounge.The atmosphere is relaxed,often providing a talented musical ensemble to accompany your visit. The food is of a very high standard, plentiful and truly mouthwatering. Sit under the chandelier with a glass of champagne and unwind after the hustle and bustle of downtown Shanghai.For anyone thinking of visiting Shanghai...go on.. indulge!...or if you want to go local...then nip to nearby Carrefour and pick up a bullfrog from the live produce counter.	
Jul 20 2006 	Excellent business hotel with a wonderful restaurant	Just came back from a stay of 5 days at this hotel in Shanghai, I stayed in a deluxe room in the old tower with a magnificent Bund view. While the rooms are a little bit older and a touch outdated, the room is of generous size and includes a bathroom of a more than adequate size with separate showerstall. Bed is very comfortable, only criticisim is that the furniture is a little bit outdated and the entertainment center (TV etc.) is not newest either (no LCD flat screen). High speed internet is available (for a charge of 120 RMB per day, or 40 RMB for the first hour), although it is not yet wireless in these rooms, I understand they have it for the rooms in the New Tower.Overall I was very satisfied with the room and housekeeping quality.Wonderful is their all day dining facility (Yi Cafe) which boosts just incredible buffets for breakfast, lunch and dinner. It is just unbelievable how many choices exist and how good the quality is. I even consider this buffet better than the one at Island Shangri-La in Hongkong.Also nice is BATS Bar, their nightclub where they have good live entertainment.Overall a very satisfying experience and I would definitely return again when in Shanghai.	
Jun 22 2006 	Few hotel can -- me off - this is the one	Originally booked for 4 nights, left immediately after the first night:(1) No one come and help me when I arrived at the hotel with lot of luggages;(2) Given a room which is VERY OLD and outdated;(3) Room is dirty, and my skin becomes very ichy;(4) complainted but they just kept asking me to add money;(5) when I agree, they say there is no room;(6) twin beds for single traveller, booked non-smoking room, but given smoking room;(7) I requested to see other room (as from the hotel ad, the rooms are nice), they just say &quot;we are very busy, can you come in 10 minutes&quot;? (8) I was rushing for a meeting from breadfast, but found that I room was mistakenly locked (by hotel staff), and it tooks 15 minutes to open it;(9) RMB 46 for 15 minutes internet - it is just a robbery;(10) Have not been greeted despite a lot of staff around;(11) Swimming pool is very smelly - so as the gym	
May 20 2006	Wonderful hotel	My husband and I recently stayed at the Shangri-la, having been steered away from the Hyatt by our travel agent friend. It seems the Shangri-la has a reputation of being more elegant, less touristy.The hotel is indeed beautiful, and our rooms overlooked the Bund and Tower 1 of the hotel. We were on the 29th floor in a club-level room.The views were fabulous and it is wonderful to have access to the Club for breakfast and evening cocktails. We actually made a dinner of the hors d'ouevres one night, as they were so good.Beds were very comfortable, the room spacious and well designed, and the bathroom luxurious.Bouquet of orchids by the bed a nice touch. Service was excellent, and we had no difficulty getting help at the lobby for taxis, etc.Only &quot;negative&quot; is that it is across the river, and at rush hour taxis in downtown may not want to go to Pudong.(It only takes 5-15 minutes, and costs about $2-5, depending where you start from). Its also nice to be a bit away from all the hussle and hassle on downtown.If you're thinking of doing a lot of shopping about the city, we'd suggest hiring a car and driver from the hotel, armed with a list of where the shops and markets are in chinese.Overall, a great place to stay in Shanghai.	
May 10 2006 	Love the dining!	I love the hotel mainly because its dining area where you can eat buffet breakfast or dinner was just gorgeous. I mean gorgeous not only because the decor and the settings were perfect, but also because the food was superb -- Japanese, western, ethnic, and Chinese dishes plus cakes, chocolates, and pastries....The room was also spacious and immaculate with the river view. Truly, this is one of the best hotels in China.	
May 9 2006 	Excellent service	A typical conference hotel in the middel of financial/commercial district. Very noisy and smoky lobby, especially in the evening. The hotel is conveniently located just a few steps away from a major shopping mall, with excellent shopping and restaurants. The staff were friendly and helpful in general, but it was rather difficult locating a cab at the door since there was never an attendant there assisting guests in need. I was upgraded to a room on the 23rd floor. The room was fairly large with a nice view of the Bond and the park. A few days after I left the hotel, I remembered that I left a coat in the closet. I called the hotel. they located my coat and sent it to me via FedEx. I was quite impressed by their efficiency. I will probably stay there again for the location and service.	
Apr 7 2006 	Wonderful Hotel	I have now stayed in four different 5-star hotels in Shanghai--Grand Hyatt, Four Seasons, J.W. Marriott and Pudong Shangri-La--and I think the Shangri-La is my new favorite. I reserved an executive room, and was upgraded to a deluxe executive room in the new tower (Tower 2). This room was easily the largest I've stayed in within Asia. In addition to the expected luxurious bath with bidet and separate bath and shower, the room included two desks (!), a large sitting area, 37&quot; plasma TV, two closets and miles of drawer storage. As others have mentioned, the breakfast and lunch buffets in the Yi Cafe are fantastic, perhaps the best and freshest I've ever had. Two reasons why I prefer the Pudong Shangri-La to the others: (1) better staff; and (2) a true walk-in lobby (unlike the Grand Hyatt and J.W. Marriott). I highly recommend this property.	
Mar 8 2006	One of the Best		
Feb 25 2006	One of the best ever		
Dec 28 2005	Excellent property in an exciting city		
Dec 16 2005	Loved it		
Oct 22 2005 	A wonderful hotel with perfect views		
Aug 9 2005 	Fabulous Hotel-expensive but worth it.Book river view room.		
Jul 5 2005	Excellent Hotel		
Jun 6 2005 	Relaxed in Shangri-La		
Dec 6 2004	Great hotel just inconvenient for tourists		
Nov 12 2004 	Lovely hotel may be on the wrong side of the river for some		
Nov 3 2009 	??????????		
Oct 9 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 19 2009 	?????????????		
Mar 28 2009 	Fabuleux		
Feb 9 2009 	??????		
Feb 7 2009	Je me souviens d'un parfum...		
Dec 27 2008 	????????		
Oct 28 2008 	Buen hotel aunque caro		
Sep 3 2008 	????		
Aug 19 2008 	Très bon choix à Shanghai		
