	Wonderful Hotel	We stayed at Le Meridien during our Shanghai part of our China trip. I had a cold and was feeling a little miserable when we arrived. But as soon as I entered the room, I had forgotten my cold! Our room was on the 36th(?) floor and the view was wonderful. Although the room was not large, it felt spacious. The furnishing was modern contemporary. My husband liked the rain shower. The location of the hotel was ideal for sightseeing. The only thing was internet was not included, and we thought we could do without. (We had internet with our previous China hotels and we thought we did not use it that much. But we missed it here when we had no access.)We are thinking about returning China in a year or two, with our children. We would love to stay at Le Meridien again.	
	Great Great Location	This is a hotel in a great location if you're on a holiday/leisure trip. It is right on Nanjing Lu surrounded with shops, restaurants and cafes right literally &quot;at your doorsteps&quot;, and for one who enjoys the bustle of city life. The breakfast offered by the hotel didn't dissapoint us - we were happy with the selection provided, and the rooms were well appointed. It is very convenient and well located which caters well for a family travelling with young children.I also have a sister who is disabled travelling with us. We found the hotel to be convenient, due to its location. We were able to move about freely without obtacles and were able to wander around the vicinity without any difficulty. My family had a wonderful vacation and we were glad to have chosen this hotel. In fact, a month after our return home, my family have talked about an impending return for another stay at this hotel.	
Nov 25 2009 	Superb - Location roomsservice and Restaurants all top class	I was lucky enough to stay here for 5 days recently. The brand of Royal Meridien is showing others how to do it, with sophistication, freindliness and professionalism throughout. Firstly the location is as good as it gets - right in the middle of cosmopolitan Shanghai , on Nanjing Road. Next the rooms are perfection. They manage to turn the typical box shape into something with character and comfort that is a pleasure to stay in. Food - what better can you expect that a top quality French Restraunt with a Maitre D' who is as good as it gets - if not better!, An Italian, actually run by an Italian that serves a divine pasta, and if that isn't enough a Chinese that is genuine high quality Chinese.	
Nov 21 2009 	This hotel sets new highs for standards	Le Meridien Shanghai is a very nice hotel to stay at whether you are there as a tourist or business traveler. This is a return visit for me to this establishment as I was so impressed with it on my last trip 6 months ago. Nothing has changed; it still is a great hotel. I stayed in a Grand Deluxe room with king bed on the 28th floor. It was a corner suite that had floor to ceiling views towards the city and also the Bund. This hotel is located within easy access to the city by the Nanjing Pedestrian Walkway and is right next to the main Metro Station and is within walking distance to The Bund. The rooms here are large and nicely proportioned. The hotel is not that old and all the furnishings are of a high quality. There is a 42” plasma with DVD player for entertainment. The separate bathroom with individual shower and toilet is a nice finish. The layout takes great opportunity to use the views by positioning a window that runs along the length of the bath. There is a separate room that incorporated 2 wardrobes and safe tucking everything nicely away from the main room area. The ceilings are nice and high and give that feeling of spaciousness. In fact the whole room provided a feeling that you weren’t actually in a hotel at all, but in a swanky high rise apartment. This is a nice touch after spending too many hours in cookie cutter type hotel rooms. Whilst at Le Royal Meridien I sampled both room service and the restaurant located on the lobby floor – Le Bistrot. The food provided here is of the highest standards and the breakfast buffet in Le Bistrot restaurant probably has the largest selection of different foods. The only negative that I could find to fault the stay here is that the hotel advertises it has LÓccitane toiletries which they did on my last visit but had disappeared this time.From a working perspective the room had a glass table against a wall with a fold out suite of power plugs for varying voltages which was handy. The concierge service was efficient and courteous with all requests being met with a smile which goes a long way for a weary business traveler.All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel for either business or leisure.	
Nov 18 2009 	Modern central lots of art great for a conference	I hosted a conference of 60 people here. Wonderful facilities and helpful staff. The conference organiser (Florence) stayed on-site for the duration of the conference to provide 24 hour service. Room are wonderful and modern. Great bed. Breakfast buffet could be a little better, but still very good. The club (executive) lounge is a wonderful airy space with the two best Board rooms I've seen. They are like round fishbowls with sliding curved glass doors. Awesome. Foyer and general areas are full of little nooks to discover art pieces, and generally beautiful architecture. The massive square arched fishbowl is something to behold. I love this hotel	
Nov 9 2009 	Modern and happening hotel	We stayed for 3 nights in October 2009. We were in a corner room with east and west views of Shanghai. The view was slightly disappointing -- what was advertised as a room with a view of the Bund was really a room with a view of part of the Bund, with a buliding across the street from the hotel obscuring the majority of the Bund. However, we were sufficiently satisfied not to ask for a change. There were literally a wall of windows on both sides of the room. The room was nice and spacious and the décor was very modern. There was a separate dressing area with a row of closets. There was a separate seating area with a couch, a coffee table, and a plush chair and a large flat screen TV which could swivel. The bathroom was nice but it was obvious that it could do with some maintenance and was a bit dated. There were just two things that would have been nicer. First, the wall of windows stretched into the bathroom, right next to the tub. If the shades were not drawn in the bathroom, people in the adjacent building would get a nice show. It was also a little difficult to reach the the draw string for the shades since the tub was in front of the window. Second, the cabinent housing the sink was stand-alone, in line with the modern décor. That meant, however, that there was no backsplash but, instead, a several inch gap between edge of the cabinet and the wall. Several items dropped from the counter through that space. This is a busy hotel and very modern and happening. The lobby area is bustling and had a wonderful vibe to it. We did not have time to get a drink in the lobby bar but it would probably be a great place to people watch. We had a drink at the bar at the top of the hotel which had great views of the city. The concierge was very good. Their suggestions were very helpful. The location of the hotel could not be better. It is right on Nanjing Road (east) and about a 15 minute leisurely stroll to the Bund. We had the buffet breakfast which had an enormous variety of choices. It was very good and service was outstanding. A wonderful hotel.	
Nov 7 2009 	Hotel is OK location is perfect.	The hotel is just OK, pretty much what you would expect of a 4-star hotel. The service levels in China are not very high, so don't expect much service at any hotel; you can read my reviews of other hotels in China on here. We didn't find the elevators to be confusing at all, anyone with a little common sense should be able to figure them out: elevators take you form the ground floor to the lobby level and then you board a different elevator depending n which floor you are going to. We had two rooms: one with 2 twin beds and one with a king bed, both had nice views of the park and museums, but were rather small.The location is perfect, right on Nanjing road and you can walk to a number of restaurants, shops, museums, subway, the Bund, etc.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great location but small room.	I decided to try out Le Royal Meridien this time around due to several recommendations from friends. I usually stay in the Westin Bund center. So, here it is....Pros1) SUPER GREAT LOCATION...smack in the center of People's square and has some great restaurants and stores just at the base of the hotel. 2) Really stylish rooms...very comfortable beds.3) Great view of people's square from your room4) Awesome bar on the top with incredible views.5)South beauty restaurant is just next to the hotel....i love this restaurant.6) Hi-speed internet but no wifi7) Service is top notch.Cons1) rooms are smaller than Westin. (maybe 40% smaller)2) Since hotel is on the upper floors...so is the main lobby....so you need to ride 2 sets of elevators...one to get to the lobby, then another to go to your room floor.3)Buffet breakfast is not as good as the Westin.4) Bathroom shower is not as good as the westin.Overall, i would probably stay here again because i like the location....too bad it is more expensive than the westin...and not as good. (i would stay here again if the company paid for it....hahaha... otherwise, i think i will stay at the westin)	
Nov 1 2009 	My new favorite hotel in Shanghai	I travel to Shanghai from tiem to time - I have stayed in Pudong and on the Bund, but this time one of my colleagues, Joe Sloboda decided to &quot;Priceline&quot; a hotel in the area around Nanjing Road - what we got was Le Royal Meridien and it was absolutely the best hotel I have ever stayed in while in Shanghai especially considering the gret room rate we were able to get.The location could not be more convenient - right on Nanjing Road, just steps from the subway station and a short taxi ride to the Maglev station. People's Square Park is right across the street and you are also a RMB 4 taxi ride to the Bund or to XiTangDiThe hotel itself was outstanding, the level of service was fantastic, from the doorman to the front desk to the wait staff at the lobby restaurant all the way to the 65th floor bar - everyone is pleasant and happy to be of service.The food in the breakfast buffet is great, western breakfast, traditional chinese and much in between ( a little pricey but you definately will not go hungry either) - drinks in the lobby bar are also a bit expensive, but the atmosphere is great and the service is great.If you are looking for some great views of the financial district across the river into Pudong then I suggest going up to the 65th or 64th floor bars. The 65th is a bit more elegant with ample seating areas and a great place to relax with friends while enjoying the views.If you are looking for something a little more laid back then go 1 floor down to 64 and you can play billiards and have more of a &quot;pub like&quot; atmosphere.When it comes to the rooms I have to say they are &quot;top notch&quot; - the beds are incredibly comfortable, rooms are spacious, with good work area and sitting area. The shower even has a &quot;view&quot; with a large glass window that allows you to look out through your room over the city (quite interesting - but eventually I found the button to draw the shades).There is great shopping in the mall that is on the first 8 floors so you can find anything you are looking for (this is not a bargain market like over in Pudong) but rather a proper shopping mallThere are also fantastic restaurants on the 8th floor just 1 level down from the main lobby The business center is easy to locate and staffed at all hours - a little pricey to print documents but the staff is very knowledgeable and helpfulBottom line is I love this hotel - I love the location, the service and the ammenities - I will be sure to stay here again next spring when I return to Shanghai.	
Oct 26 2009 	Best view in town	We just spent 5 great nights at the Royal Meridien in a room with the most astonishing view.We weren't in a Club room but booked a Grand Deluxe room with a Bund view....The 37th floor room was spacious, and very comfortable with a floor to ceiling window that had a panoramic view up Nanjing Rd and to the Pudong skyline.....breathtaking.The hotel is very quiet, amazing in a 700 room establishment.The young guys manning the concierge desk were incredibly helpful with any phone requests to book restaurants, write directions for taxis (essential) etc.A note on the integrity of the hotel....my husband accidentally left HK$900 in the pocket of a pair of jeans he sent to the laundry. A note was left in our room telling us the money was in a safe waiting for us to collect it....fantasticYes, the lifts can be a little confusing at first ...but that is because the lobby is not on the ground floor, but 11 stories up.The bathroom layout is unusual but great for women who want to use the mirror for make-up without the bathroom being steamed up by a partner taking a shower.The view is great from the top floor bar but the atmosphere can be ruined by smokers.The food in the Ai Mei restaurant is very good, as is the service.My husband had 2 massages in the Spa and raved about them.Location is tops, on the corner opposite People's Park....by the way, don't fall for the Shanghai Tea scam....young Chinese befriending you then taking you off for tea which ends up costng a fortune. We weren't hit but plenty have been.In all....a great experience in a good hotel.	
Oct 22 2009 	Good Business Hotel	Just spend two nights at the Le Royal Meridien Shanghai as one of my stops on my recent China trip.Great location with easy access to the main walking street in the center of town and the Bund. I booked a room which had access to the Executive Lounge. Best Choice Ever and money well spent! Great Food &amp; Drinks thoughout the day are offered there on a complementary basis. And the view is incredible. Since they also serve breakfast up there, this is a great place to start the day. We also used one of the meeting rooms of the llounge and the service was excellent. The room I stayed in itself was modern, large and very functional. I especially liked the TV which can be turned to watch TV either from the bed, desk or couch (and even the bathroom!). The only thing I did not like was the fact that you had to change Elevators several times to go to the room or to the lounge. Overall a very solid hotel!	
Oct 22 2009 	Nice hotel but I can imagine there are far better in Shanghai	We're not your usual 5-star hotel clients, we were just in the middle of a bit of a global holiday, but a friend of my partner's dad graciously put us up in this hotel for a couple of nights while we were in Shanghai. Over the past few weeks we've slept on people's couches in Milan, 1-star hotels in Paris and 3-star hotels in Hong Kong, so this review is from the view of a budget-conscious young couple that care more about what's outside the hotel than in...Le Meredien looks and sounds quite fancy, but from the outset the service seemed a little odd. We had a disinterested offer from the staff downstairs to take out suitcases, which we declined as we were fine to do it ourselves, but that was the end of that conversation. We were then left to our own devices to discover where to check in (half way up the building, up a shuttle elevator). It would be nice if they had more staff downstairs to help in this regard.Once we made it to the lobby floor, things went a bit smoother, checkin went OK, but not that welcoming.Our room was one of the executive ones on the 53rd floor. The view was fantastic, the room a little small, but very comfy and clean. It became quickly apparent that it was mostly business people staying on those floors, and we got some interesting looks from other guests as we wandered around in t-shirts and shorts, but meh.The rest of our stay was alright. We had breakfast the first morning in the executive lounge, which we thought was nice enough, but we discovered on the second morning that the lobby buffet was far more extensive and enjoyed that a lot more. We went down to the pool one evening just before closing and were disappointed the jacuzzi was turned off already, but otherwise that was nice. The gym was a bit small and lacking equipment, but has a nice view.The location of this hotel is awesome. The metro is across the road, the Nenjing Road walking street connects to the hotel too, so that's easy enough.I don't really know how to sum this up. There is no way in the world I'd pay the price tag for this hotel myself (or would choose 5-star accomodation in the first place), but I was certainly underwhelmed with what one gets for the price tag of 3,000RMB/night that our room cost. The room itself was nice, the location was nice, the people were pretty but not that helpful...	
Oct 22 2009 	Modern and Glassy	The decor was not what we'd expected. It was modern with mirror galore, along the hallways and in elevators. To get to the lobby, you had to take an elevator from the street entrance. Once inside the elevator, you could hear the chirping of birds, to relaxe and calm or to annoy guests? At the lobby level, you had to take another elevator to your room with room key identification, or the elevator just would not take you to your floor. The elevator doors were made to resemble some futuristic chamber entrance, and you almost could'nt help muttering &quot; beam me up&quot;. The room (twin) was clean. Location of the hotel was good with a short cab ride to almost anywhere and the subway station was just a few minutes walk away. It's close to People's Square so that on a sunny morning with BLUE sky, it made for a wonderful stroll around ther and to Shanghai Museum.The staff was trying their best to impress from getting you a cab to showing you the right elevator to your room. Breakfast at the lobby level was the usual fair. The food at the Chinese restaurant was good. The last word, it is not your homey type of hotel, it is glitzy and dizzying, perhaps a reflection of modern Shanghai	
Oct 10 2009 	Beautiful hotel in a very good location	We were fortunate enough to have a &quot;free weekend night&quot; earned through the Starwood Preferred Guest promotion earlier in the summer of 2009. Given that we planned our Shanghai trip long before the actual date, we booked the free night at le Meridien without hesitation. I am not sure if I would the full price for this hotel. This was our second stay at the hotel (last one was in April 2008).Everything was as expected for the Meridien tier of SPG. The only complaints are:1) Perhaps this hotel is in need of minor renovations as we noticed that the floor corners in the bathroom had minor stains.2) There was a &quot;buy 1 get 1 free&quot; coupon attached to a bottled water for the bar at the top of the hotel. However, it is not a true &quot;buy 1 get 1 free&quot;. The free beverage must be non-alcaholic and the waitresses had a hard time explaining how the coupon worked... not sure if this deal is still on any more but watch out if you are to take advantage of the coupon.	
Sep 30 2009 	Beautiful rooms great food unfortunately mediocre service	I stayed here 2 years ago after deciding to treat myself to a luxury hotel for once. I wasn't disappointed. The hotel was amazing, it was stunning inside. The room was by far the best hotel room I've ever been in. So many features, from being able to watch the enormous swivelling TV from anywhere in the room (including bathroom) to the wonderful views of the city. Really well decorated, incredibly comfortable and it was just a 'basic' room.So much going on on the doorstep of the hotel, and the hotel bar at the top was lovely. The food was first rate, different every day and so varied each day.Unfortunately it really lacked character, just due to the service. The staff made me quite aware that I was younger than many of the other guests, and I can't remember a single piece of good face to face service. I would definitely stay there again, however the real lack of 5* (or even 3*) service meant that the place just had no atmosphere. Walking through a luxury hotel, every member of staff should greet you with a smile and make you feel welcome, rather than a forced nod, or worse, a wry look of 'what are you doing in here?'. I'm still giving it top marks because all this just isn't a deal breaker considering it's pros. Perhaps this has changed by now 2 years on, but I imagine their still high ranking (#1 2 years ago, ~#3 now) must mean that they don't need to. Shame, almost perfect.	
Sep 30 2009 	Luxury in the Heart of Shanghai	Stayed here for three nights on a recent trip to Shanghai and we thought this was just a beautiful hotel from top to bottom. Staff were very attentive and helpful. The location is ideal at the start of the pedestrian East Nanjing Rd. Near the Remjin Park, Shanghai Museum and The Bund. People's Square Metro is close by if you need to get to other parts of the city. A lovely pool though the gym needed upgrading. Breakfast buffet was delicious with so much to choose from. Thought the dinners were a bit pricey but there are so many inexpensive options close by. The bar is worth a drink for the view alone.	
Sep 27 2009 	amazing	very nice rooms beautiful set up in the heart of sanghai, two looby a samll one in the ground level a huge a the 15th floor, fair price, nice outlest a very nice place if you want to visit shangai	
Sep 22 2009 	Epic Fail on many levels- Amazing on others.	Ok here goes...I have struggled for days about this review- so please excuse me if I rant or rave.I want to qualify what follows by letting you know that I stayed at Le Meridien as the second week of my honeymoon in September 2009, after a week in Beijing. I have raved to my wife about China for years now and the choice to honeymoon here was both an easy decision and an exciting one. I lived in China in 2003-2004 as an English teacher, and have also lived and worked in London, Paris, Sydney, Chile, and toured every continent except Africa. As a professional musician in a well known band I am somewhat used to the polarising nature of travel and touring- often the best service is in a hostel whilst the worst is in a 5 or 6 star hotel.For my honeymoon, we decided we would not play the &quot;famous musician&quot; card and travel as relatively anonymous honeymooners- we would pay for 5 star hotels and expect great service. We saved for months so that we could have the best of everything. Having just stayed at the Hilton Wangfujing in Beijing, who had spoilt us beyond belief, perhaps our expectations had been slightly distorted by the standard of service we had just recieved. However I make no excuses for what is to follow below.We had booked a limousine pick up through the hotel which was on time and helpful, although the driver spoke no English he was certainly friendly enough, and with a conversational Mandarin traveller like myself, we had no problems with the airport transfer.We arrived at the hotel where the bellboys swarmed on us like flies; a useful bunch after our flight and drive from the airport. As we approached the check in desk, we could see the whispers turn into chatter, so I of course listened to the comments about my long hair and eyebrow ring- surely they had seen an Australian before. Immediately it became clear that the front desk check in was not at all the &quot;personalised&quot; check in service that is touted on Meridien's service guides. The desk girl did not welcome us, was all business, and immediately we felt out of place. There was no welcome drink, although my wife and I were soaked, having endured the musty environs of Hongqiao airport and the subsequent afternoon traffic jam. The check in girl slapped the door cards on the table and told us to have a nice day- no word of the elevator positioning, noone to take our bags up, no quick rundown of the location- nothing but an attempt to upsell us to a bigger room. During check in ? You bet.We found our way upstairs and realised that we had not been given the smoking room or the view we had booked. We phoned down immediately and asked to be changed to the correct room, before we had settled. We were told that someone would be sent up immediately. Fifteen minutes of waiting in the hallway with our bags, I went downstairs to sort out this small issue, where 4 or 5 American business guests in suits were being treated to scotch on the rocks during check in ! As executive club guests this was the service promised to us and which we had not received ! I would have been stoked with a glass of water..My new room key was handed over. It was for a smoking room, but not the floor level, view or size that we had booked and paid for through Expedia. It was clear that our booking specs had not been passed on to the hotel by Expedia, so we phoned downstairs to ask if we were even booked as honeymoon guests- a very poor English speaker told us &quot;I check and call back&quot;. The call never came.At all times we were made to feel out of place. This is not a paranoid insecurity of ours, as my experience of China, upmarket hotels and good service is as real and current as any busy executive. The behind our back audible-chatter, the disinterested concierges, managers, staff and constant disappointments began to swell up over the first 3 or 4 days, until I was forced to call the manager downstairs wih a large list of complaints.At risk of sounding like a miserable sod I should let you know what we liked about the hotel:The location is perfect. Right at the top of Nanjing Lu, China's shopping mecca, the view on all sides of the building are incredible, and the hotel is smack bang in the centre of Shanghai geographically. The rooms, while a little small, are beautifully presented, the room services are great and the appliances, toiletries and appointments are luxurious and modern.We had access to the Executive Floor, which includes breakfast each morning, afternoon drinks and snacks, an open bar at night between 5.30 and 8.00 pm, and complimentary high speed PC's and broadband. Everything in this room is incredible; the view, the service, the food, and the free alcohol. We always felt welcome on this floor and were treated very professionally. In fact if we had not paid for this privelege, I dare say we would have checked out after the second day- the food really is world class in this lounge- a selection of French, Asian, Western and traditional buffet food.The spread is so large at afternoon &quot;cocktails&quot; that we needn't have eaten anywhere else during our stay- we used this spead as dinner almost every night- food was different every time- and an example of one night was:mini hamburgers, a selection of world-class imported cheeses, breads and pestos, chinese dumplings, parma ham, meat selections, fruits, prawns, calamari, soups, steamed veges, shanghai style noodles, chicken skewers, rice, spring rolls etc etc...literlly 20 or 25 meals to choose from, all buffet style, with unlimited beer bottles, cans of soft drink, wines, juices and top shelf alcohol to help yourself to. Breakfast was just as wide-reaching and kept us full until the afternoon.The only downside here is that we discovered that our &quot;Bali Belly&quot; was caused by our breakfast coffees in the Club lounge- we are still unsure of whether the water they used or their &quot;milk&quot; was the problem, but on the 5th day after drinking and eating nothing but the coffee before breakfast, we both got sick almost instantly- and this explained the previous 5 days of sore stomachs and fun in the bathroom. A shame as we enjoyed the morning coffees. Other than that, the food and drink were of a 5 star standard.Now back to the unfortunate parts:Whenever we asked for anything, we were told to do it ourselves or that we didn't need it. We never asked for anything that one would not expect ANY hotel to help with. For instance:We asked around 2.30 pm on Saturday if the concierge could book us a taxi for 6.30 pm as we had show tickets booked and had missed a show in Beijing the week before due to the busy peak hour period. The concierge stared blankly at us as if we had asked for diamond encrusted toothbrushes, and told us &quot;you don't need it; there are always taxis&quot;. This we knew to be VERY untrue during peak hour, however to avoid argument we thanked him and went downstairs to ask if the bellboy, who we had seen book many taxis before whilst we waited in line, if he could help us, but were given the same attitude and refusal despite his job description being exactly what we had requested. Oh well..Imagine our complete lack of surprise when at 6.55 we had been standing in line downstairs for 45 minutes with 10 or so guests in front of us waiting for taxis that were not forthcoming !! We needed to pick up our tickets by 7 pm at a location at least 25 minutes away, and I asked the same bellboy if he could get us into the next taxi as I was not impressed at the way things were looking considering we had asked for help hours earlier. Suddenly his English diminished and he palmed me off a card with the hotel address, and said &quot;Is this what you want.&quot; hmmm... in fact the English skills of staff for the most part were very poor, but the sudden lack of any empathy was astounding. When a wealthy Italian guest strolled out with several, let's say &quot;high class&quot; ladies in tow, he was instantly ushered into the next taxi. The guests in front of us who had been waiting even longer than us were unimpressed.We were given the same treatment when we phoned the concierge to have them bring up a menu from their restaurants downstairs in the hotel. We were going to entertain important business clients from our record label and wished to make the right choice as this was their first visit to Shanghai. 10 minutes later we got a call from the front desk telling us &quot;you can go to each of the resturants and see the menus for yourself&quot;, We didnt have time, even moreso now that we had wasted 10 minutes waiting for menus that never came. The attitude was surprising although not uncommon- my wife did everything she could to stop me from raising hell downstairs, and of course I relented. It was our honeymoon and we were determined to make it a special time.This was typical of the service we got from the concierge and the staff in general. When we arrived in taxis, 3 or 4 staff members would swarm us as per arrival with their hands out for tips, sarcastic smiles and smutterings of ridicule in Mandarin when our backs were turned, yet when we arrived behind a supposedly wealthier guest in a suit, there was not even a single person to open the door for us. Please don't get me wrong, I know how to open a taxi door and am no snob, however I just wish to highlight the extremely polarising nature of the service. If the service had been even average we would have spent thousands more at the hotel.On another occasion, the door guy had passed on the name of the place we intended to travel to the taxi driver as was their usual service- so imagine our disappointment when we were dropped of in a semi-rural setting that was miles from our location, at a street that was at best vaguely similar to the street name I had told him. As a Mandarin speaker, the problem was taken care of quick enough and the extra few bucks for the taxi was no big deal- but if a solo lady traveller with no Mandarin language skills experienced the same trip and ended up in hicksville then things could end up ugly. These same bellboys act as security, a term I use loosely: as whenever you step out of the hotel, due to the location you are harrassed by everyone from beggars to pimps to hookers to contraband dealers, yet when late one night I was returing from a short junkfood mission, I was accosted by a drunk pimp who was a little too touchy for my liking despite my continued denials for his services, and as things got a little heated and I was considering taking the argument to another level, a security guy from the hotel appeared from the shadows as he was doing his usual lap around the block which they do as some sort of PR exercise to make you feel safe. Whilst I have no fears for my physical safety and was clearly about to tear this guy a new one, the security guy dropped his eyes and marched quickly past us and out of sight- he was definitely not up for helping or calming the situation, despite the obvious issue- so I am not sure what his purpose is, other than the aforementioned PR exercise.In their 789 Bar on the top 3 floors, with an amazing view, we had booked a private table for a night out several weeks ago before we even arrived in China- but when we arrived, there was no booking on record- we had been thrown into a table directly immediately in front of the DJ booth and not at all privtae and romantic as I had planned for my wife. The drinks came and they were terrible: a black russian was made with barely any coke and tasted terrible. We were informed that the staff of attractive ladies were poached from other hotels for their looks alone. Unfortunately our cocktails were almost undrinkable because of it. We ordered several coktails from the menu, and every one of them was barely drinkable- every time we ordered we had to point to the menu as the staff had no idea what drinks we were asking for- even their own signature &quot;789 Shooter&quot; !!! When we had ordered before last drinks were called, had tipped well, paid in cash and were finishing up our drinks just as the bar closed, we were asked to leave by the bar girl whom we had just tipped a week's wages, as &quot;housekeeping need to come in and clean&quot;. Wow. The standard of drinks or service did not improve over several days- so we settle on a bottle of vodka from the local liquor outlet, and our ipod and cocktails in our room for the next few nights. The view in that bar was amazing though.Eventually we phoned the concierge to voice our issues, and find out if we could get the room and service we had paid for. We explained that we had not felt like we were on honeymoon and that the service was poor. The manager told us that we were not down in their system as honeymoon guests and that it was Expedia's faultand that the Manager would make some calls, however we had phoned the concierge within an hour of our arrival on Day One to clarify the &quot;honeymooners&quot; issue but were never replied to. Within five minutes a bottle of red wine arrived, and in another 10 minutes a bottle of champagne, with a welcoming letter asking us to enjoy our honeymoon. Considering we had been staying here for 5 days, and the letter was dated today, it compunded the fact that this gesture was 5 days too late, and that our actual issues were being ignored- that they just threw some alcohol at the problem instead of tending to the problem- we never heard from the manager, and when the champagne arrived both staff members were obviously cut that we didn't tip them. I didn't say anything when I noticed the looks, but when my wife asked me if I had seen it I had to agree. Even an attempt to shut us up seemed to be a failure. I love China- the people, the locals, the food, the history and culture- I have lived here, taught China's children, done business and had many amazing moments here- so do not misread what I am about to say- but the problem with the hotel, as confirmed to me by some of the western staff, is that Meridien has cut corners, as many businesses do in China, in order to maintain profit- clearly, hiring standards are not high, and many of the menial jobs are being given to locals whose education and vision of the 5 star ethos is well below par. The resentment from local staff in these thankless positions is glaringly obvious; and in some part understandable considering their job consists of witnessing and supplementing us westerners who are living cashed-up exorbonant lifestlyes under their noses; and it is not these people that I blame for the poor service, as I have been in that position and know the feeling all too well. However, a hotel such as Le Meridien should be ensuring that their standards do not continue to suffer as a result- we all know China is the place for cheap labour- whether your name is Nike or Quiksilver- and such obvious disrespect for the local culture, or lack of understanding of it, has lead management to assume that there is only one kind of labour force available in China- which as real travellers know- is untrue; but what Meridien needs to do is hire the cream of the crop as other 5 star hotels in Asia do- because right now Le Royal Meridien in Shanghai is a big, beautiful and modern building with the potential to be world class- the location and the name on the building can attest to that- but the service and attitude of the place is nowhere near the pricetag. Unfortunately the hotel is much like a well paid escort- she is tall and beautiful and expensive and grand- but at the same time she is plastic, shallow, lacking class, character and is devoid of personality. What's the point building a magnificent palace which looks amazing and offers so much, and then fill it with poor staff ? So if you are looking for a nice view, a good location and a fantastic executive lounge, then go for it- just don't expect anyone to care or make you feel welcome. But ifyou are looking for a romantic or welcoming stay with all the trimmings and 15 minutes of fame, then forget about this place. We will never stay in Le Meridien's hotel chain ever again, the service was that poor. We did not once ask for anything out of the ordinary- not once; all we wanted was a standard of service that we paid good money for- and having stayed at many cheaper hotels in Shanghai, I can confidently say that Astor House Hotel, JIA or the Hilton in Shanghai make Le Royal Meridien look like a McDonald's carpark. Obviously I have failed in my attempt to be subtle here, so I will end with a couple of suggestions; if you are a business man or lady who does not intend to leave the hotel other than for business, who doesn't need the 5 star service that Le Meridien promises, who is happy with the executive club privileges (which are fantastic) and likes to be a faceless guest with no fuss, then this hotel may just scrape through for you. But only just. If you have any respect for your family, girlfriend or wife who you are travelling with- then choose somewhere else.We are not nightmare guests, not anal, overly sensitive or smug; nor are we young yuppies who are scorned by one bad experience. We had no real expectations other than to be served well and we intended to have the carefree holiday we had dreamed about: taxi's everywhere, romantic dinners and drinks, a welcoming smile each day and to hear the occasional &quot;good morning&quot; or &quot;hello Mr and Mrs C..&quot; but the consistent disappointment on many levels across many employees and several nights cannot be ignored- when a hotel can't even send up a couple of menus or wait until we are out of earshot before talking smack, then it isn't exactly 5 star service, is it ?we chose this hotel based on TA reviews, just make sure you really research hard before choosing a hotel. We read many reviews over a few months, and you can tell when someone is just picky or is looking for something wrong with the place- but as a young newlywed couple we were prepared to make the best of any situation no matter how bad; we paid ig dollars and had to really try hard to not let the poor service get to us,and we treated every day as new - still had a blast as honeymooners do- but several times a day we found ourselves saying &quot;I can't believe that just happened...&quot; We were waiting for Ashton Kutcher to jump out at any time. A shame really. Most of the time, the service barely scraped through.Look elsewhere.	
Sep 22 2009 	My choice hotel in Shanghai...VERY IMPRESSED!	I just left the LRM Shanghai today and I must say that my friends and I had an extraordinary time! We stayed in a Royal Club level room with Executive Royal Club Lounge access for 6 nights. Every morning, we had breakfast (made to order eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, pastries, dim sum, sushi, congee, fruit, cereal...) in the club lounge and surfed the web using the free wifi and whenever possible, we had glasses of wine and snacks (bread, cheese, sushi, dim sum, sandwiches, fruit, carpaccio...) during happy hour. If you did not purchase a royal club level room, I believe you can upgrade for 450 RMB per night. It's totally worth it since you get a room on a higher level, free wifi, breakfast, all you can drink alcohol and food. You can also opt to have breakfast at Le Bistrot in the lobby area where you can get a wider selection but no wifi and it can get a bit busy. The rooms only come in king or 2 twins and since there were 3 of us for 3 of the 6 nights, they added a rollaway bed for 245 RMB per night. Housekeeping and turndown service was great and they NEVER rushed you at all but whenever we get back to the room, it was ALWAYS made up and amenities and towels were ALWAYS topped up - unless of course we turned on the &quot;Do not Disturb&quot; light. The rollaway bed made the room a little cramped but no other complaints otherwise. The decor is extremely modern and in my opinion, quite opulent with marble bath floors and tub, separate toilet room and frosted frameless glass doors. The bath tub area has a rain shower coming out of the ceiling! The bath products are from L'Occitane. The beds were so comfortable I just fell asleep as soon as got under the soft down duvet/comforter! The hotel staff were incredible - always smiling, always going out of their way to speak English and push elevator buttons for you even riding down and escorting you to wherever you're headed. The concierge spoke perfect English and always knew to recommend restaurants. Prior to arriving in Shanghai, I had emailed the concierge desk to make recommendations and reservations at restaurants, bars, lounges and clubs. The cabs in Shanghai don't speak English and will not usually recognize English names of places so make sure you ask the concierge or the door/bell staff to write the Chinese address for you. They have these address cards which they will give you with the hotel Chinese name and address for the return trip - just show the card to the driver and they will know where to take you. You should just remember that almost EVERYTHING in China is negotiated. The posted price for the hotel car service from the hotel to Pudong Airport is normally 600 RMB, but we negotiated a shopping trip AND the airport for 400 RMB! The driver waited for us while we shopped! A cab to the airport in non-rush hour traffic is around 150 RMB but we ended up with 7 pieces of luggage after 7 days of shopping so we wanted to just take the hotel car - which is a very clean and nice black Audi. When we arrived at the airport today, a LRM Shanghai representative met us at the drop off location and escorted us and pushed our luggage to the appropriate counter and assisted with our check-in process. He spoke very good English. All in all, LRM Shanghai MADE my 1st Shanghai experience and they delivered every expectation I had of a 5 star hotel - I will definitely be back!	
Sep 21 2009 	Recommended	Excellent hotel in a perfect location.We had a nice Club Room and Club Lounge is really perfect. The views of Pudong at sunset are breathtaking, while you enjoy a very good free buffet. Great breakfast, superb overall experience	
Sep 20 2009 	Terrible attitude and service	I was hoping for a good stay when visiting the Le Meridien given so many positive recommendations. I have NEVER been to a hotel with so arrogant personnel and service. As CEO of a major corporation, I am used to high service level and attention to detail. I have been very pleased with my stay at the Sofitel in Shanghai. Will never go back to Le Meridien. I am so disappointed, as the Le Meridien in several other cities is very good, but the personnel does not know what service is at this hotel, and also speak vey poor English.	
Sep 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel and Location	We recently stayed here, twice. Everything about the hotel was wonderful--rooms, bathrooms, service, check-in and location. The elevators were not an issue. Yes, you have to take one to the lobby and then one to your room. But they're quick, and if you're reasonably high up, the view is great. We loved the place.	
Sep 19 2009 	a great hotel spoilt by checkin	This was to be the highlight of the trip as far as hotels, but upon arrival the king bed was not available and even though we paid for an upper floor 43 plus we were allocated the 24th floor. despite requests for this to be sorted out it was refused. They offer a happy hour drinks but be aware this is only for some drinks and you have to order the same drink. On the 66th floor bar we were offered the city view even though the Bund view was vacant .Despite the negatives we would stay there again	
Sep 17 2009 	Perfect choice for first trip to Shanghai	Picked this hotel because of reviews on TA and I also found a cheap deal from CX Holidays for September. Wasn't disappointed - the hotel was modern and well designed, room wasn't particularly big but comfortable, didn't have any problems with the service (all queries dealt with competently and politely). There was some confusion about their bar opening times, and they weren't as accomodating as I would encounter in some other hotels) but it wasn't really a major issue for us. Breakfast buffet was great, as it had loads of choices and some local cuisine available. Location also could not be better.For us, it was a great choice for its location and good all round facilities.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great hotel in a very convenient location	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in August in room number 2714. The location of this hotel can't be beat as it is in the middle of a busy area with the clean Shanghai subway station just steps away. My particular room was a corner room which provided for windows on both sides of the room with great views of what was going on at street level. Unfortunately, my view of the Shanghai World Financial Center was blocked by the building next to the hotel, but there was still plenty to look at otherwise. The room itself was incredible and had a ton of amenities. There was a big closet area to the left as you first walked in which was perfect for my oversized bags. The beds were very comfortable and were definitely some of the softest beds that I slept on in China. This was the beginning of a very long trip for me and I found that the beds in all of the other hotels were uncomfortably firm which must had appealed more to the Chinese people. The bathroom was very big and spacious, however it provided no privacy as it was completely enclosed in transparent glass. If you are staying with a spouse this is no problem, but if you are staying with a friend it might provide some privacy issues. The TV and internet worked just fine as far as I could tell, but I wasn't really concerned with this as I was only staying in Shanghai for 2 nights and wanted to see as much as I could see. Be prepared to pay a hefty fee for internet access and also be prepared to be blocked out from all of the social networking sites (facebook, youtube, etc.) as China uses a firewall to make sure that you don’t access these sights. I didn’t use the pool, but still went to see what it looked like anyways. If I would have had more time at the hotel, than I definitely would have used the pool as it was a nice and big indoor pool with a great view of the outside. The lobby was enormous and had many restaurants to choose from. I ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant on the last morning and found it to be good, but very expensive. However, it was nice to have an American breakfast after experiencing the traditional Chinese breakfast. Overall, I would definitely have to give this hotel a very high rating as it was in an excellent location and the rooms were of very high quality.	
Aug 27 2009 	Good hotel but not the service	We stayed at this hotel in the second week of August for 6 nights. Our reasons for picking this hotel were:1. The location 2. The reviews on TAIn terms of the location, for us it was ideal. We could just walk out of the hotel and there were many shops, resturants etc aroundd just a nice place to be.The hotel was very modern, we loved that aspect, the rooms were very nice and our bund view the cherry on top. However, the service was poor, actually very poor!!!We stayed at many hotels around Asia and the service here has to be the worst. The staff lacked manners and really didn't seem interested in doing anything.Would we stay here again, yes if the price was reasonable but my preference would be to try a different hotel. Would we recommend the hotel to friends - yes because we really liked the rooms and hotel itself, including the pool. But again we would stress the point about the service.If the hotel service is a big part of your hotel experience then we would not recommend this hotel.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good Modern Hotel	I stayed here on a business trip to Shanghai and was pleasantly surprised by the hotels modern interior which I prefer. I did not have a chance to explore the hotel so I can only comment about the room and service. The room was nicely done and well equipped though on the smaller side. The bathroom has an open to the room design which is fine if you are travelling alone. The room was comfortable and modern at the same time. I was very pleased with the service of the hotel. I asked the bellboy who brought up my luggage to get me a local sim card. Within 15 minutes he delivered it to my room and even installed it in my phone. I was impressed. The location is also great, right in the middle of the city. Everything that you need is just a walk away. Enjoy.	
Aug 23 2009	Like the curates egg......good in parts.	Our rate enabled us to use the Royal Club Lounge, on the 44th floor, which has breath-taking views of Shanghai. The Lounge has its own dedicated check in desk and provides an excellent breakfast as well as soft drinks, snacks, tea and coffee during the day. Appetisers and complimentary alcoholic drinks are available between 5.30 and 7.30 pm. Food and drink were excellent in both quality and range, served by attentive, willing staff. Free wireless internet in the Lounge was also a great bonus. Having used 'Club' lounges in Renaissance, Accor and St Regis hotels, I have no hesitation in saying that the Meridien's Royal Club is the best I have come accross. Unfortunately, the remainder of our experience was less favourable. Our luggage was delivered by security staff posing (somewhat ineptly) as bell hops and another 'bell hop' followed me around after check in. Difficult to know why? Presumably my face (or its colour) didn't fit in with the Royal Meridien's 'profile'. The Concierges were also a mixed bunch: one was extremely helpful when my wife enquired about a trip, but another gave the impression that he was doing me a favour, when asked for assistance. Both the corridor on our floor and the room itself had a damp musty smell, which we reported but recieved no response.The wrong rate was applied to our bill at checkout resulting in an overcharge in excess of RMB 2000. Not a big deal but, despite providing proof of the correct rate for our booking, (inexcusably) took nearly 20 mins to resolve.Overall the Royal Meridien is a big, brash, rather impersonal, hotel which, like the curates egg, is good in parts. It's deficiencies were highlighted by the exceptional service we recieved during our stay at the St Regis in Beijing (during the same trip). The Royal Meridien's location was the deciding factor in choosing a hotel in Shanghai but, despite the attractions of Royal Club, it's likely that we will make a different choice next time time round.	
Aug 20 2009 	Review from a travel professional	Great location, next to the main shopping street. The room was a bit small but very well equipped and modern. Only negative point was the Concierge. When we asked for sightseeing information he just gave us the brochure of the local sightseeing operator and asked us to do our own research.	
Aug 9 2009 	A new favorite in Shanghai	Stayed for a few nights on business - and was highly impressed with the service and the amenities although I was slightly disappointed with the business center mainly because of their nickling &amp; diming for everything (surprised they did not charge me for the oxygen they provided while using their service)... Other than that, I have no complaints... the hotel is very lovely.	
Aug 6 2009 	A great hotel with perfect view	I’ve been to the city before but this is my first time to stay in this hotel. Without any doubt, this is a superb hotel. The hotel is located just next to the high street of the town and you can easily get to major scenic spots and entertaining areas. The view outside of my room was stunning, thanks to its great location. I can overview the whole Nanjing Street standing in my room. And it is also very enjoyable to have drinks at their bar at 66th floor. Doesn’t matter what drinks you have, it is nice to enjoy yourself in such a chic and cool bar (with great views also). They have quite a lot of elevators and you’d better make sure you are not getting yourself lost… I tried their Chinese restaurant as there is no point to have French food during my Shanghai trip. The service is good and food is with fair prices. If you are looking for a hotel with great location and outstanding value, this Le Meridien Shanghai is where you should go.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great value. Great location. Great service.	Selected this hotel since it was rated #1 of 1500 or so hotels in Shanghai and couldn't argue with the price (about 130 quid per night for three). Buffet breakfasts excellent (as are buffet dinners - Tue and Fri BBQ dinner with all the beer you can drink for about 22 quid). I'd call that a loss leader. Half price for kids.Hotel meticulously clean, staff very helpful and speak good English which is lucky because I only learned the word for 'Hello' between Bahrain and Shanghai. And that's it for my Chinese. Hotel organised train tickets etc as necessary which avoids taking hours out of your day to buy a ticket to the wrong place at the wrong time and the wrong day.Well located - next to People's Park which is good for subway to Shanghai South train station, centre of town and Longyang Station (for Maglev to Pu Dong airport). Maglev is outstanding gig. Surreal barrelling along at 430km/h. The wierdest bit is that when it stops accelerating at 430km/h it actually feels like the driver has slammed the brakes on. That's how fast it is still accelerating. Eat your heart out Clarkson.Only moan is price of internet access in business centre. 5 Yuan a minute. Err, that's nearly 50p a minute. Thirty quid an hour. Are you sure?Hotel is actually a converted office block apparently which is why there are all manner of lift changes required depending on which floor your room is on. Takes some getting used to.Views from top floor bar outstanding. Arrive early for a window seat.	
Jul 26 2009 	Superb Hotel	From the moment you arrive at the hotel you will find the service to be of a very high standard.We had originally booked a club room, but as this is not the peak season there are quite a few deals to be had, and well worth investigating before you travel. We were upgraded to an Imperial Suite on the 59th floor. It was lovely with a bathroom overlooking the business district and the main bedroom and seperate living room overlooking the Peoples square.The lift system can be a bit confusing but that was probably my only critisism of the hotel.The hotel is ideally located if you want to shop and just walk around the area. Unfortunately on one day the temperature reached 41.C and a red alert was issued. So the hotel was a nice cool oasis when you got back. One reason for visiting Shanghai was for the Eclipse of the Sun. Unfortunately it started raining but it was still stunning being outside and watching everything go dark at 9.45am.There is a good choice of restaurants including Italian, Chinese, French and a Buffet style. But if you want the Buffet then arrive early or book.Overall it was a lovely trip and we used Shanghai as a base to also visit Xian for the Terracotta warriers and also Hangzhou.I would certainly highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 18 2009 	Ideal Location	The hotel's ideal location makes it a must for anyone short on time. There is so much sightseeing and shopping within walking distance that we were exhausted from walking. It clearly is the best Meridien hotel in which I have stayed. The structure of the hotel is so large that it is sometimes difficult in navigating. The concierge desk is not marked as such and I still am not sure if I used the concierge or luggage assistance personnel for information. They were extremely helpful though. An unusual feature is that the hotel gives you a card with the taxi's identification on it when you take a taxi from the hotel. This is great in case you leave something in the taxi or have a complaint.	
Jul 17 2009 	Think elevators...as you'll be spending a long time waiting for them!	Before I get on to the negative points, there were some good things about this hotel....- lovely rooms: modern, slick, bright, good size, good views, good ameneties, etc- health club: big, clean, great gym, nice spa- location: great if you want to be near where its all at in terms of shopping, business, etcAnd the negatives:- Structure of the hotel. Here's the scenario: I was offered an upgrade (for a fee) to a junior suite, which was to include access to the club floor and all the perks associated with that. However, the junior suite is basically a differently shaped room to a normal room (in that its on the corner of the hotel) but the room is pretty much exactly the same size. The suite I was offered was on the 37th floor (of which there are 66 floors). The club floors are located from around 55 to 60. If I had accepted the room, this would have been my daily voyage:- take a life from the ground floor to the 20th floor where the lobby is- take another lift from the lobby floor to the 37th floor to get to your room- fancy using the cub floor? Well then take a lift back down to the 20th floor- then take another lift to the club floor. Fancy going from there to the gym? Ok, well you'll need to get your stuff in your room so:- take a lift from the club floor, to the 20th floor, and another from the 20th floor to the 37th floor, and then go back to the 20th floor to get another lift to the 10th floor (different from all the other 3 lifts you've already taken!) to get to the spa- etc etc etcThe number of different elevators also means that if you ask for anything, like a card to access wifi, then you have to wait for the staff to work through the myriad of elevators also! (yes, you can't just sign up for wifi from your room....its a costly 100 RMB which needs to be ordered from the business centre, and the staff have to bring the code personally to your room and you have to sign for it). A lot of people have mentioned the breakfast buffet. Yes I admit that the food is nice, but the buffet restaurant is like a mad house. literally 100s of people, swarming around. Service is slow (e.g. if you want coffee) and its probably one of the least attractive and relaxing places I have ever had to have breakfast in!The service is good...but nothing above and beyond what I'd experienced elsewhere in China (a country where I find service excellent)Overall, its a modern, massive hotel, in a good location. You can't fault the rooms, the spa, or the top floor bar....but i'll be going for somewhere slightly less 'mass production line' next time	
Jul 13 2009 	Perfect Hotel Stay!	We stayed 7 nights at the Royal Meridien, and we loved it. This was our first time ever to China, so the central location of the hotel in Shanghai near multiple metro exits, people's square, museums and shopping was great. Staff spoke excellent English and were very helpful and accomodating to all our needs. We upgraded to the Executive Lounge status, which included free breakfast/afternoon tea/snacks, and cocktails/appetizers in the evenings + free internet access - this saved us tons of money and time, so convenient. The gym was amazing, new equipment and machines, very clean and a huge indoor pool / jacuzzi area.The Chinese restaurant at the hotel was moderately priced and AMAZING, we were really blown away at the superb quality for the fair prices. Beautiful setting too, overlooking the city. The french restaurant was good quality, but we did not like the selection of the 4-course menu - why the chef included 3 seafood items and no meats is beyond me for a French menu. If you go here order ala carte. The exectutive lounge staff recommended another nearby Chinese restaurant - Jade Garden in the Porsche building - that was also amazing and even more affordable, we were the only Anglos there and had no challenges finding the restaurant or ordering - may have been the best Chinese food we've ever had (except the Sweet/Sour Pork at the Le Meridien restaurant was spectacular!!).Nearby shopping at all price points is everywhere, or hop the very clean and easy metro or taxis to other shopping areas. The lotus pond in people's square was stunning, a must see that is right across the street! Yu Garden was 3-RMB ($1.50 usd?) and had tons of shopping in ancient city setting, side streets and excellent dumplings - 15 pork dumplings for about $1.50 USD. Side streets with food vendors like those you see on the Travel/Food Network shows, very fun.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great Hotel all round	Just returned from four nights at theLe Meridien Hotel and found the position,service,Rooms,and Food all to be of excellent standard.I stayed in a junior suite on the 36th Floor overlooking the peoples square and the room was perfect with all the amenities available from a large Plasma TV that rotates to face the Bed or the Lounge to a large Bathroom with a huge showerhead.Breakfast was a highlight with the most amazing Buffet available.In fact lunch and dinner also offered outstanding Buffet selections.The staff all speak english and are always friendly and asking if you need assistance.The Bar on the 66th floor is a great place to have a drink and watch all the lights come on around the city at night.Overall could not recommend this Hotel highly enough and its deserves its number one ranking on trip advisor for Shanghai Hotels.	
Jul 11 2009 	Very Modern Hotel - Small Rooms	Stayed here in October 2008 with family. Not the ideal hotel for staying with family. Rooms are small and if you request 2 beds, they stiff you with 2 twin beds. Rooms were very modern and well kept. Windows are big and give quite a view of the city. Location was descent as it was located right on Nanjing Road. Wireless internet was not available in the rooms. Had to go to the business center located on another floor. Not very convenient for a hotel catered to business travelers. The sink is outside of the bathroom. No counter in the bathroom to put your clothes on. Also there the bathroom window is transparent with a pulldown curtain. Good hotel for couples and business travelers. Pick another hotel if traveling with family.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great breakfast buffet	Just your average great hotel. The one thing that stood out was the quality of the food at the breakfast buffet.	
Jul 6 2009 	Ultra modern hotel	Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel, a perfect place to spend our last couple of days in China. We had been picked up at the airport by a guide, who knew her way around, otherwise we might have struggled with check-in as it isn't at ground level. You also need to concentrate to make sure you use the correct lift, as they don't all go to the same floors. The room was great, with floor to ceiling windows, a massive television on the wall and a fantastic glass bathroom. Not sure what other reviewers meant about the door to the bathroom, it was frosted glass, and certainly not see-through.The pool area was very clean, and the pool quite large and a perfect temperature.The breakfast was outstanding, probably the best I have ever had. The choice was amazing. On our first morning we were led to a table in a rather dark part of the restaurant, we asked if we could sit nearer to the windows, and to start with they said that none were available. I noticed an empty table and they somewhat reluctantly moved us.The business centre charged 50p per minute for the internet which I think is too expensive, even for an upmarket hotel.The fruit juice and iced water in reception was a nice touch, and the &quot;turn-down&quot; service always asked if we wanted extra waters.Overall a very good hotel, which I would hope to revisit sometime.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great Location a little pricey huge breakfast buffett	Just stayed here one night on a trip mostly to other parts of China. hotel was very nice and location is great. No problems with the hotel. Great view from my room, although room was a little small the outside wall was a big window, so made it feel bigger.	
Jun 9 2009 	Location luxury and tip top service!	I recently stayed at Le Meridien Shanghai and I must say I was overwhelmed with the granduer of the property as well as the personal service offered. Before I arrived I emailed Concierge at the hotel to arrange a train ticket from Shanghai to Beijing, different class options were offered and the tickets were waiting on my arrival......... very smooth and reassuring that I didn't have to try and do it myself on arrival in Shanghai. The hotel is very impressive (brand new, maybe 2 years old), the building itself is one of the tallest in Shanghai and located perfectly at the end of Nanjing Road (walking/shopping street) and across the road from Peoples Park. The subway is 100metres from the hotel and taxis are plentiful. The breakfast at the hotel was amazing and it was very nice to receive an &quot;illy&quot; coffee at breakfast to start the day. The indoor swimming pool and gymnasium was the perfect place to end a mad day of shopping in Shanghai........ the hotel is the perfect sanctuary after battling with the masses on the streets. Would definitely stay at Le Meridien Shanghai again........ both the staff and the building are top notch!	
Jun 8 2009	mind blowing!	I had sucha great time at the hotel! The spa is amazing! They have so many different types of massages, it is amazing!	
May 30 2009 	Fantastic	This hotel is basically one of the best starwood properties I ever stayed in, every thing there was flawless, I can't remeber any thing that disappointed me there, location is great, food was great, room service are excellent and most important all staff are friendly and polite	
May 28 2009 	Fabulous!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 1 week. It was by far one of the best hotels we've ever stayed at. The rooms are very modern, clean, and comfortable. The breakfast is amazing and will satisfy any palate. Great location - right on Nanjing Rd. and very close to the metro. The people, shops, and food are right at your doorstep. Service was excellent - the staff even took the time to show me how to use my local cell phone. The royal meridien made our stay in Shanghai that much better.	
May 20 2009 	Ultra Modern Shanghai	I have recently started traveling into Shanghai. My Travel Agent recommended this hotel. It has a great location near the People Square and on the Bund side. I originally thought it was on the Bund by my agents description, but it isn't. It is high enough to see the Bund area and into the very modern Pudong. The views at night are stunning.There are a few strange qwerks with the hotel. I could never figure out which elevators I needed to ride up to my floor. I did have to change elevators at least two time for each journey. I also didn't understand why there were sounds of nature in the lobby (birds chirping).Overall it was an enjoyable stay.	
May 18 2009 	Fabulous modern hotel in the heart of Shanghai	We loved Le Royal Meridien in Shanghai. The building itself is stunning and can be seen from all over the city and Pudong. Staff - wonderful - polite, really helpful; room - spacious, stylish, spotless - I love the fact that the glass bathroom is part of the room and also LOVE the floor to ceiling windows with the most spectacular views of the city over to Pudong. Breakfast was superb - a staggering choice of food from around the world served in smart surroundings. Note: we ate in one of the hotel restaurants (Chinese food) and the service wasn't great but the food was good (although it all arrived at different times which was a bit frustrating!). Also the bar has stunning views and is very slick - but again the service wasn't brilliant. Would certainly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
May 8 2009 	Absolutely gorgeous!	We stayed four nights at Le Royal Meridien Shanghai and loved every moment. Our room was small but with the most stunning view imaginable of Shanghai. Truly spectacular. The hotel's location is fantastic -- right in the heart of the city -- and the decor reminded me of a stylish modern art deco. The staff was helpful, and the restaurants were very good. After all of our trekking and sightseeing, I booked a massage at the spa, and it was probably the best massage I have ever had. My husband and I still talk about how fabulous this hotel is.	
May 1 2009 	The best Le Meridien in the world	This is the best Le Meridien I have ever stayed at. The club lounge was amazing, all the restaurants are fantastic, the staff if wonderful. Be sure to have a drink at the bar on the top floor - the views are stunning at night. This is a 5-star hotel in Shanghai - can't imagine anything better.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great hotel in great location but inadequate facilities	I've stayed in a few properties in Shanghai and for the rooms this is one of the best. Location is superb as well, for tourism, being on the corner of Renmin Square and Nanjing East Road, easy access to metro. From the hotel to the metro I only got asked a couple of times if I wanted a fake Rolex which is pretty good compared to Nanjing East Road.The negative point for me was the breakfast. The first morning (a Sunday) the buffet restaurant was full and after waiting a few minutes in a queue I was taken to an additional area around the corner from the lobby area which had an inferior atmosphere and a reduced selection of breakfast offerings. The second morning I had the normal breakfast and it was absolutely superb with much more variety. If breakfast is important to you, insist on sitting in the main area.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Good Ambience, good place to stay for business / events.If you are on a leisure trip to shanghai then you need to find hotels which are closer to shopping places &amp; tourist attractions.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great Hotel with spectacular room service and value	Stayed here for 10 days at the tail end of 3 week Mission for the Summer Para-Olympics. The service is top notch; the staff really care about ensuring your stay is perfect.Was upgraded to a suites as a SPG Platinum.The club floor lounge has one of the best views in the city and offer an excellent selection of drinks and tapas.Walking distance to all the main sight seeing areas.	
Apr 13 2009	Great Hotel! Almost perfect!	We stayed in Le Royal Meridien after last minute changes from our package tour. And we were not disappointed! The rooms were very spacious. Bed was comfortable. Toiletries was complete.... L'occitane for toiletries!! Amenities were also completeLocation was perfect. Right in Nanjing Road. Very accessible to the most department stores in Nanjing.Concierge was very helpful and knowledgable about where to go and what to do in Shanghai. Most of them speak good English as well.One drawback is that wi-fi is not free. Housekeeping service is quite slow was well... maybe because its almost fully booked hotel. Breakfast has a very wide selection... from smoked salmon appetizer to canape to egg benedict. I would love to stay in this hotel again!	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent hotel in great location	I just returned from a 4 day stay in Shanghai during Easter. I think the Le Royal Meridien Shanghai is a decent choice.LOCATION : The hotel is located in the centre of Shanghai, next to the Nanjing West Rd Shopping street and several malls including Raffles City. The People's Square subway station is below it. The location cannot be better and is much more convenient for tourists than Pudong or Xujiahui. Costs RMB140 by taxi from Pudong airport.ROOMS: The design is ultra modern and is very comfortable. The view from the room is spectacular. The bed is comfortable. I appreciate the l'Occitane toiletries. SERVICE: Excellent except for the waiters at the Chinese restaurant, who are rather aloof. Most staff speaks good English and are helpful and thoughtful. Check-in and concierge are efficient on the whole.BREAKFAST : Excellent with wide range of choice and as good as any hotel in Asia.	
Apr 9 2009 	Good not great.	I stayed a night at this hotel in April 2009. As an SPG Platinum member I was given a Royal Club room. While the view was good, I was disappointed with the size and layout of the room. This all-glass bathroom is effectively part of the room itself. I was also surprised to find wi-fi chargeable even in the Royal Club lounge. The lounge itself was nice and spacious, but not outstanding compared to other SPG lounges in Asia I've visited, including Westin Bund Centre, Westin Kuala Lumpur, Le Meridien Kuala Lumpur.All-in-all, I was disappointed with my stay given the good reviews and ranking.	
Apr 9 2009 	Landmark hotel on East Nanjing Road with best breakfast buffet	The architecture of this hotel is very striking. When you come towards East Nanjing road, you really can't miss it. The service is good and the staff speaks decent English. The rooms are nice but the best thing about this hotel is the breakfast buffet. We've got a good deal with Hotels.com and paid EUR 125 (including breakfast) so that was a very good deal. The only bad thing of the hotel is the high charge for using the internet (EUR 1 per 2 minutes). But since internet is only available in the top hotels, you don't have much choice. If you like shopping, then East Nanjing Road is the place to be. I personally like the French Concession more because I like the nice little boutiques and the best restaurants are situated there.	
Apr 7 2009 	location	We chose this hotel for our two night quick visit to Shanghai for a few reasons. First, coming from the Pudong airport, we wanted to experience the Maglev (overrated but a must do for our kids). The Maglev connects easily with a direct subway to the hotel. Just be sure to look for the East Nanjing exit from the subway which puts you in front of the hotel. Second, the subway outside the hotel was also a direct shot up to Circus World, were we saw ERA ( a highly recommended acrobat show.) Next, the hotel is close to the Shanghai Museum. Unfortunately, we did not expect such long admission lines on a Sunday morning, so we ended up with not enough time to visit. Also, right outside our door was East Nanjing Street. On a Saturday night at 10 PM in March, it felt like Times Square on speed! The 20 minute walk up to the Bund, and the Bund itself, was so dynamic. We could really feel the bounding pulse of Shanghai.. And lastly, just a few blocks away from the hotel were two great local dumpling restaurants, Jia Jia Tang Bao (soup dumplings) and Yangs (fried dumplings) on Huanghe Road. So you see, Le Royal Meridien was all about location.	
Apr 6 2009 	I would like to give this a 5 star review but I can't	Le Royal Meridien has a great location next to Nanjing Lu, the main shopping street in Shanghai. The building is a magnificent building, and (on a rare clear day) many rooms have wonderful views over Shanghai and Pudong across the river. The hotel is clean, the bedrooms are comfortable and well equipped, and the dining facilities are good.However, certain features of this hotel make it impossible to call it a 5-star facility.First, the hotel apparently inactivates room keys at their whim on your departure date - even when (in my case) a late check out had been arranged, and the hotel was aware of the time of departure with a car booked to the airport. Second, if you complain about this practice, the front desk staff pretend that no manager is available to talk &quot;right now&quot;. (Only when I started talking about contacting their general manager, did the front desk manager suddenly appear.) Third, the business centre charges prices that I have not seen for simple tasks in 50 similar hotels around Asia. Fourth, the hotel is not well signposted internally - for example, for the different lift lobbies required to get from ground to the lobby level, and then on to bedroom floors of the hotel. Finally, although the food served in the restaurants is of high standard, the training of the waiting staff is not - with odd reactions to requests for simple beverages, plates whisked away before the food on them was consumed, and coffee and tea that leave you yearning for the nearby Starbucks. If you want to see downtown Shanghai, this hotel definitely has an unbeatable location - but nearby (in my experience) are many hotels with better attitudes to service, just as good views, and highly acceptable room and food standards.	
Mar 31 2009 	Really great hotel.	We stayed here for a weekend and it was really everything we expected it to be. Large, clean rooms with amazing views of Shanghai. the bed was nice and comfy and there was a plasma screen TV attached to the wall. The bathroom had a big bath and a nice shower set-up. The internet was a little pricey for Chinese standards, but I didn't really need it so i wasn't bothered. The breakfast was excellent and the service was almost too good. The second any waste appeared on the table the staff was right there to pick it up. It almost got comical. I don't mind a little mess on the table but it was nice to have it cleared. Whenever I got up to get something I always came back to my serviette refolded and placed on the table. The choices of food was outstanding. The staff are very helpful. The doormen always got taxis for us and made sure the driver knew exactly where we wanted to go. Overall the Royal Meridien is a good choice. It may be a bit pricey compared to other hotels in the area, but you get what you pay for.	
Mar 25 2009 	The worst Starwood hotel I have ever stayed	I stayed in Shanghai a few times (for business and travel respectively) but it was the worst experience I have ever had with a hotel here.I requested to have a double-bed non-smoking room when I booked. But when I checked in the reception just told me that they had only twin bed room left. They did not offered me any other asisstance until I asked her to check and she said there was one double-bed smoking room. Seems like they don't care about the customer's requirement at all. And when I requested to speak to the manager, the manger came out and simply repeated the same thing and told me that they now just had a double-bed smoking room or twin-bed non-smoking room. The point is their attitude is cool and indifferent.Although one can easily see that this hotel works very hard to appear to come with a lot of artistic elements and modern style, the room is not up to a 5 star hotel standard as well. The paper coasters were used and the tap water smells even after boiling. Their lifted hangers were not working properly.The only advantage is it is located just above the busy shopping street and in the centre of CBD.Their entrance is not very convenient as well - you would have to take lifts to the lobby floor and right after you step out from that elevator, you would see a restaurant but not the lobby or reception area. It is quite a maze for first time customer.All in all, it is the indifferent manner of their staff which made me feel not good. I am just a business traveller so I don't expect to have very warm welcoming staff, but at least hotel staff with caring for the customers would be something I expect. I think there are a lot of good hotels in town than this one.	
Mar 20 2009 	Spectacular and in just the right spot to get to know Shanghai!	Amazing service and beautiful, ultra-modern rooms and services. From the minute we arrived, the service was exceedingly welcoming and efficient. the views are wonderful. The restaurants are wonderful. The motif is hyper modern but warm with beautiful Asian decorations. It's in the middle of a bustling area with many choices of restaurants, shopping or cultural sites. The location is perfect, just two blocks from Peoples (or Renmin) Square and the Shanghai Musem. The major pedestrian shopping street is literally out the front door and a few steps to the left. You can walk all the way down to the Bund and the river in an easy stroll of about 30-45 minutes taking moments to shop or gawk at the Chinese dancing or doing their Tai-chi work in the pocket parks on the way. It's a wonderful place at a great price.... superb value.	
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent hotel	We stayed at Royal Meridien for a weekend and loved it. The location is excellent. The staff was discreet, friendly and helpful. The room was well equipped, spotlessly clean and with excellent views. We requested a non-smoking room and got it, there was not a trace of smell. The bed is very comfortable. Be aware that the bathroom design is a bit unusual (see-through glass between bathroom and main room (why? - so you can see the TV from the bathtub, of course), but with non see-through glass for the toilet and shower) so it would not be comfortable to share a room with e.g. a colleague, but it is well suited for a family or a romantic get-away.	
Jan 23 2009	Good choice for Shanghai	We stayed at the Le Meridien for 5 nights using Starwood points, so it was a good deal for us. Since I have platinum status, we were upgrade to a suite, with access to the lounge. Our first suite had some terrible smell, so we went downstair to get a new room. After some brief confusing at the front desk, it was quickly done. And the concierge brought up the luggage to the new room. Overall, good hotel! Definitely worth the stay, will stay there again. There are definitely pro/con to this hotel:Pro: Good location off Nanjin Road. If you get a high floor room, you get to have an amazing view. Since we were there in the summer, view somewhat questionable with the smog. The metro station is across the street, just have to remember which exit to take off when getting out of the metro, or you might end up at the other side of the park. Pro: Suite was HUGE, with floor to ceiling window. The room also came with laundry bags (not the crappy plastic kind), shoe cover bags, shopping bag, slippers, robes, hot tea pot, daily bottled water. House keeping was super.. .we never see them in the hall but our room was always clean upon return. The bathroom was big and spacious, came with everything you need on the road. Pro: Lobby is beautiful, so is the building. Love the modern decor, fresh flowers, overall design is impressive. Pro: The guys handling the cab line at the front of the hotel knew all the places we need to go, and they seem very organized. Con: It is total mis-management in the prefer guest concierge lounge. Why would they have to &quot;seating&quot; you for breakfast (first time experiencing that in any hotel prefer guest lounge, Asia or US). Since they &quot;serve&quot; you (it's buffet style for food) in the lounge, good luck getting coffee/tea (you have to ask for that) or flag down any of the 20 young people that work there. Only one of the six computers in the lounge had internet connection during our stay... so what's the point of having six computers? Since I speak the local Shanghai dialect, caught some of them talking about the guests there (not very professional, is it?) Con: perhaps too many people work there? There were two people that stand in the lobby level and push elevator buttons for guests -- that's their entire job! Getting out of the cab, at least 3 to 4 people standing there to greet you... (mind you, not helping you with the bags, just to GREET you.. there are other people that help with luggage, etc.). as mentioned, too many people &quot;working&quot; in the lounge. The weird thing is you NEVER see housekeeping anywhere in the hotel, but the hotel is spotless.	
Jan 11 2009 	Over-rated for a 5 star hotel	My husband and I stayed in the hotel from 5th Jan to 10th Jan 2009. I had 5 star expectations of this hotel after reading the numerous reviews and also after we had just stayed at the 5star Hotel Intercontinental Financial Street Beijing.However, the hotel disappointed if you are expecting a 5star hotel. Front desk met our request for a high floor. We stayed on the 35th floor (a starwood preferred guest floor, it seemed). The room was ok, with a plasma tv and nice toiletries. The sink area opens out to the main area eg there isnt a door for the entire bathroom. Could be due to space constraints so that more can be fitted into the room? The bed had a springy sound. The worksmanship for the finishing and fixtures were quite poor - you can see the silicon plastering, etc. The bedside LED lamp was not working properly and the shower handle (metal portion) looked like it was coming off. The first night, there was a funny smell around the bathroom area. Housekeeping came around with a spray and the entire room smelled like a scrubbed toilet for a while. In addition, throughout my stay, there was a constant knocking sound which disturbed my sleep. The good part was that it was clean with some interesting features (a pulldown clothes hanger, neatly tucked power sockets, etc).In room dining / room service was ok and some food items were not bad. I asked for chilli with my sandwich and no tomatoes for my sandwich. They remembered the tomato and forgot the chilli (which they brought the second time). Breakfast looked good from the beginning but became a bore as the menu was almost the same for the 5 mornings we were there. Some breakfast stations were closed and dishes unreplenished if you arrive at the breakfast area around 10.15am. As a chinese, I did not think the chinese food items in the buffet breakfast was very good. The western food is not bad though. The waitresses walked past our table three times and failed to clear the empty plates on our cluttered table. At that time, there were only three tables left at most. They were more interested in clearing the tables where the guests had left or replacing the towels. (This was before 10.30am). Buffet breakfast closes promptly at 10.30am which is fine. Staying past 10.30pm to finish up your breakfast was an unpleasant experience as they were in a hurry to change over the buffet items (for lunch, I think). Concierge was not that of 5 star quality. He gave standard answers/replies when we asked about a trip to Hangzhou. Front desk seem flustered and took a while to find a review card when I asked for one upon checkout and gave me a slightly worn looking one. Staff was generally not smiling (save for the ones who were directing you to the right lift lobbies).The main good thing about this hotel is that it is in a good location. You can walk to the bund, the Shanghai museum and its surrounding or hop onto the metro. But I cant see it as 5 star, it is more like a 4star trying to be a 5star but the service fails in this aspect. So, i rated it below average (below the average of a 5star hotel).	
Jan 4 2009	Le Royal Meridien Shanghai - not really our style	Although we traveled in April, I am finally getting around to posting about our China trip. Normally, we prefer to venture on our own, but for China we decided to take an organized tour. After a lot of research, we chose the Pacific Delight tour company- the 13 Day Golden Route Gold Experience (Beijing, Shanghai, Xi’an, Guilin, and Hong Kong). We chose this company based on the small group size and the upgraded hotels. And what a fabulous time we had. The tour was great- there were only twelve people in our group and our guide was efficient and knowledgeable. We stayed in Shanghai for two nights at the Le Royal Meridien. I have to admit that it wasn’t one of my favorite places throughout our trip. There was really nothing wrong with the hotel. It was sleek and decorated in a ultra-contemporary fashion, but it felt kind of cold to us. We wanted to like it better since the reviews were so favorable. The lobby is on the 11th floor and you have to switch elevators to get to your room. The rooms were a good size, but the bathroom/shower are enclosed in glass walls. There is a screen that comes down, but there is no true feeling of privacy even though you really can’t see through the glass. The sink is also on the outside of the bathroom, rather than the inside. This is good if you want to continue getting ready while the other person showers, but it forced you to leave the bathroom to finish. The sink seemed out of place in the rest of the room and there is also no space to put your toiletries down either. The bed frame is wooden and sticks out a bit. I got up one night and I smashed my leg on it, to the point that I still have a mark on my leg. Ouch!Laundry is very expensive. We each (two of us) had a change of clothes laundered and it was over $75. I realize that these are city/Le Royal Meridien prices, but excessive nonetheless for laundry. I suggest that if you are travelling to several cities in China and need laundry, to wait until you get to a smaller town like Xi’an or Giulin. The prices are about a third of what they are in Shanghai. Breakfast was good. It’s very busy for breakfast though and you can get forgotten in the rush. One morning was fine, but the next we had problems getting service. Ensure you get to the lounge the 66th floor (not to be confused with the lounge on the lobby level). The view from the bar on the 66th floor is AMAZING! On a clear evening, you get a fantastic panoramic view of the city. The service at the bar was very good as well.The location is also great! A few steps away and you are in the heart of the Pedestrian Walkway, People’s Park, and People’s Square.	
Dec 30 2008 	An Oasis in Shanghai	Shanghai is an exciting city that is representative of the “new” China. It is also sprawling, noisy and extremely crowded. It is therefore important to stay in a hotel that is an oasis in this bustling metropolis. I found the Royal Meridian to be a perfect antidote to this chaotic, but exciting city.If you like modern design, this is the hotel for you. If you are a tourist, you couldn’t ask for a better location. It’s right by People’s Square, near a Metro station and lot of shopping and not too far from most of the major tourist attractions. The hotel is about a 20-minute walk to the Bund and a 25-minute walk to the French Concession. This being Shanghai, most attractions are also a cheap cab ride away, as well.Besides the location, these are the things I really liked about the hotel:§ Good security – you have to take the elevator up to the 11th floor for the lobby, plus there is always hotel personnel stationed by any entrance or elevator bank.§ Cheerful, comfortable rooms with the best bed linens I have ever slept on and a 42-inch flat screen TV with a decent selection of English-speaking channels. Great views from the rooms since they are all on higher floors.§ Bathroom has one of the best showers I’ve ever experienced in a hotel. Note that the bathrooms probably don’t offer as much privacy as a more traditionally designed hotel room.§ One of the best hotel pools I’ve ever seen. It’s perfect for swimming laps and they even have kick boards. I didn’t use the gym but it looked excellent.§ Overall, very helpful and friendly staff. The concierge is particularly helpful; I wouldn’t have been able to get around this city without their help.§ Excellent restaurants that are not as outrageously priced as those elsewhere. I ate at the Chinese, Italian, and Buffet restaurant; all were quite good.My criticisms of the hotel are relatively minor.:§ As other reviewers have noted, the elevator system can be confusing at times. However this should not be a major concern.§ Some of the staff at the gym and pool tend to hover over you at times. Maybe this is a cultural thing, but I think they need to be trained that this behavior gets annoying after a while.§ Finally, there is no free Wi-Fi in the rooms or in the lobby. I don’t know if this is standard practice for China, but it would be so convenient at least to have it in the lobby. Note, that you can walk across the street to Costa Coffee, where they have delicious blueberry muffins and free wireless internet.Overall, my stay at Le Royal Meridien was great, and I highly recommend this hotel!	
Nov 16 2008	Magnificent hotel	I've never written a review of a hotel before, though I've used Trip Adviser numerous times, very successfully, to find them. But this hotel was so outstanding I had to compliment it and recommend anyone visiting Shanghai to choose it. Though not cheap, it was less than many others that came below it in the Trip Adviser, rankings, and the service, location, amenities, views from our room (we were on floor 38) were quite amazing. I knew my daughter and I were in for a great experience the moment we arrived. My daughter had left her passport and other paperwork on the back seat of the taxi from the airport and they immediately said to leave it to them - they would track down the taxi and retrieve her documents. Within an hour, they phoned us in our beautiful room to say it was all on its way to the hotel. A particular bonus was that, though in the heart of busy centre, there was not a bit of noise at night - sealed windows and excellent air conditioning.I've nothing but praise for every aspect of our stay.	
Nov 12 2008 	Loved the Le Royal Meridien	Just came back from our 3 nights stay with Le Royal Meridien , Shanghai. This new &amp; ultra-modern hotel is one of the best hotel I've stayed in. The amenities are the best, staffs are really friendly &amp; helpful, food is good and it's centrally located in the midst of the busy street of Nanjing.	
Nov 4 2008	Fantastic Hotel	From a very fussy traveller, this hotel was an oasis in the middle of a crazy city. If you travel to any of the more un-Westernised areas you realise the joy of hygiene and this hotel has it! We spotted one man cleaning the carpet with a toothbrush!! The staff were beyond lovely on the ground and lobby floors, as with housekeeping. Bit shirty in the fabulous 789 bar on the 66th floor but heck! the views, a bit of 'Lost in Translation'. As usual, my bugbear, cost of drinks in the bar but only because I drink Sauvignon Blanc and the one and only was Cloudy Bay - otherwise Chardonnay was ok and only that available all over Shanghai (n.b. any ABC drinkers).The location was unbelievable, especially for short visits - everything on your doorstep. Concierge full of great ideas for restuarants. All in all a great hotel - we stayed 8 days and loved it.	
Oct 27 2008 	Good location great views	Stayed for 4 nights. We had originally booked a standard room through Starwood but were tempted by the Club Floor facilities (complimentary breakfast, snacks, drinks and internet) and at check in decided to upgrade. The change was handled quickly and efficiently and we found ourselves in a large room on 62nd floor. Great view on clear days! For tourists, a big attraction of the hotel is its location; walking distance to Shanghai's magnificent museum or to the Bund. To anywhere else taxis are cheap and the concierge makes sure the driver knows where to take you. For instance when we left for the airport we wanted to go by Maglev train but taxi driver wanted to take us direct to airport - Meridien staff ensured we got our wish.	
Oct 4 2008 	The Good The Bad and The Ugly	The GoodGreat views (only from the high floor rooms looking east towards Pudong). Clean functional rooms, comfortable beds.The BadTotal confusion at check-out, when the staff, including the foreign guest relations manager had no idea how to deal with 1 nights charge booked and prepaid through the hotel website and the other nights charge to be paid direct to the hotel. 5 people standing around staring at a computer screen and mumbling and scratching their heads takes something away from the professionalism. Insisting I pay an incorrect invoice and explaining to me the concept of a credit card guarantee at check in (really). Staff needs re-training and educated in the hotel policies. Not a good experience.The UglyThe waitress/attendent in the breakfast room with her finger stuck up her nose.In conclusion it seems 50% of the staff I dealt with have been trained and are somewhat professional....the pleasant girl on the ground floor who would welcome you and press the elevator button, then the next day a different girl who was much more interested in chatting with one of the floor attendents to even notice the guests. Its not that I need elevator buttons pressed but only an example of the other 50% of the staff who have no idea what they are doing or supposed to be doing, seems they are just standing around to fill up space.There are a lot of options in Shanghai maybe better to take your money elsewhere and enjoy accomodation where all the staff (including the foreigners) have been trained to the same standard and service is a little bit more consistent.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great details	As a business traveler, I appreciated the details in the hotel room like: lots of multi-country electric plugs, reliable internet access, walk-in rain or hand-held shower, safe big enough to fit lap-tops with plug-ins, do-not-disturb room settings, lots of complementary bottled water, different task lighting, and it was well maintained.One detail that I hadn't seen before was gas mask for &quot;fire safety&quot; in the hotel room.We enjoyed the location of the hotel across from the People's Square, and near the many restaurants along the Nanjing pedestrian mall.	
Sep 14 2008 	Unbeatable views!	It's worth going to Le Royal Meridien, if only for the most interesting thing about Shanghai—the incredible views of the cityscape. It would be a shame to go to the city and not be high-up. This hotel is situated in a huge tower right in the centre of the city and our room was on the 52nd floor. We also opted for a rate, which gave us access to an executive club lounge on the 44th floor and it's something that I'd recommend other travellers to do. You can have breakfast there in relative tranquillity, all-day Internet access, cocktails and nibbles in the evening... and a fantastic panorama that stretches over to the skyscrapers of the Pudong district.We found the hotel's location to be pretty perfect. It's situated right at the heart of the city and is easily within walking district of both the Bund and the old French quarter. The only drawback was actually that you're really in the touristy commercial part of Shanghai and thus, as soon as you step out onto the street, you're accosted by people wanting to sell you &quot;watches, bags, T-shirts...&quot; every ten metres. After we realised this, we often chose to avoid Nanjing Road and to take one of the parallel streets, where there are not so many hawkers.Other than that, our room was perfectly clean and very comfortable. We also tried out the Chinese restaurant, where the service was friendly the food really quite nice. If we ever go back to Shanghai (which is not certain, because we weren't that keen on the actual city), then we'd definitely return to the Royal Meridien.	
Sep 11 2008 	Nice room great location and comfy bed	I spent two nights at the Meridien Shanghai and found it to be an excellent hotel. Its location on Nanjing Road i.e. at the heart of the commercial and shopping district makes it a great hotel for leisure travellers with deep pockets, in addition to business travellers. From the hotel, it is possible to walk to The Bund - Shanghai's renowned promenade. Shoppers can literally drop their bags in their rooms before heading out for another bout of shopping with major malls such as Raffles City within the hotel's vicinity.Checking-in and checking-out of the hotel was a breeze. I did not need to use the business centre due to my short stay. My overall impression - frontline staff were competent without major communication issues, though their smiles do come across as rather plastic, if you know what I mean.My room was very well appointed with plush carpeting, a huge tv and a comfortable king bed that gave me restful slumber for my two nights in the city. I highlight comfortable beds because practically all hotels in China have rock-hard mattresses so falling asleep even for a very tired person takes some effort because it is like lying on benches. The bathroom could have been more luxe in comparison with other Meridien Hotels in Asia, though I was delighted with the spa quality toiletries from L'Occitane. My only gripe was the afternoon sun - still strong at 6pm - shining into my room on the 35th floor. But the mornings and nights are fine, with wonderful views of the cityscape from the picture window in my room. I would return to the Meridien again on subsequent trips primarily because of the central location and the comfortable mattresses - a rarity in China.	
Sep 10 2008 	fantastic area	I arrived in Shanghai midnight of Sept. 5. My friend and I hailed a taxi from Pudong Airport to the hotel. Upon reaching the hotel, I was ushered to a waiting elevator to go to the lobby. When I approached the receptionist, she already knew my name. probably because it was early morning already. She immediately gave my keys and we were brought to our room. My room was on a lower floor (27th) but it was a corner room. I had my own walk-in closet. the bathtub had a view of the city. Sadly, the Ramada hotel blocked my view of the bund and the skyscrapers in pudong. but my room also had a view of people's park which was not unobsctructed. The concierge is my best friend. They were of tremendous assistance to me. From booking reservations at jean georges, to giving directions on museums, schedules for sunday mass, and even ordering mooncakes! My hats off to jimmy, sandy, edison and to the other guys whose names I have sadly forgotten. My only &quot;bad&quot; comment is that some of their wait staff in the restaurants have a hard time communicating in english. i recommend this hotel to anyone who wishes to see the museums since its just a few minutes walk. and nanjing lu road is just in the ground floor for shopping.	
Sep 9 2008 	Perfect location @Le Royal Meridien	I just stayed at Le Royal Meridien on last week (3 Sep), It is my first time to go to Shanghai, as it's a 5 star hotel the price of the room is very expensive so I spend only 1 night at this hotel. It's a 5star hotel so if you talk about the room, it's perfect, the bed, pillow, bathroom, view of the room and especially the stuff or shower gel, shampoo, lotion etc....of course it's L'occitane brand. In the evening around 6 pm the staff will come to you room and do the turn down service for you (prepare the bed+roomor give more water or towels) to sleep. I really love the bathroom which has a bath tub included 2 shower and + 1 shower on the celing which it's like you are standing in the rain. About the location, this has a perfect spot, when you get out from the metro station at People square staion exit at 19 you just look above and you will see the hotel which is very high and has 2 poles on top which this help me when I get lost (while I was shopping in the Nanjing rd) As the building is very high so it's a little bit complicate which I don't really like you have to go up by the elavator to the L floor for the lobby, (it's should be on the first floor only, and you have to see the elevator which one goes to which floor. So you have to change to many elevators.	
Sep 2 2008	Scenes of Shanghai	I am presently staying at the Royal Meridien in Shanghai. This city is so dynamic; it has changed considerably since my last visit nine months ago. It’s astonishing to watch this city progress into its inevitable future of becoming the world’s capital. The Royal Meridien is located in the heart of the city’s popular Nanjing Road. It’s within walking distance (10 minutes) to The Bund. There are plenty of taxis or public transportation options to take you to the Pearl TV tower and the Shanghai World Financial Centre in nearby Pudong. My suite has a great city view overlooking Nanjing Road and it is well decorated in a modern Asian theme. You might want to ask for two set of key cards when you check in since you will need to insert your key card in a slot inside your room to turn on the A/C, TVs and lights. I personally like my A/C to be running when I leave my room particularly when it is 34 C outside.The walk-in shower has two showerheads and a large marble tub right next to it so bath time is fun time if you can manipulate the showerheads to spray into the tub. The toiletries are well chosen from the L’Occitane En Provence collection. I have been here for four days but I still mystified by the elevator system here. There are four different sets of elevators located in various areas of the hotel. You will need to take two sets of elevators to get to your room. It’s best to have a staff member take you to your room the first time you check in. The most confusing part was getting to the gym/spa/pool. It appears you have to take the lift to the 11th floor (which is the Lobby) walk down a set of stairs to the 10th floor, go through a corridor and take another set of stairs back up to the 11th floor to access the gym area…truly a riddle wrapped inside an enigma. Overall, the hotel is adequate for either business or pleasure. If you are fortunate enough to receive a room or suite on a high floor, the view is hauntingly mesmerizing.	
Aug 9 2008	Nice view and interior design	Tall enough to have an eagleview. great bed and TV.	
Aug 9 2008	Great Hotel! Could be just a little better.	This is a luxury hotel and is very well situated. Very convenient to People's square and on east Nanjing street. Can walk to the Bund. First class hotel. As mentioned by others, the elevators are very confusing until you figure it out.  On the club level, the hotel no longer charges for internet use. This could be the direct result of comments made by others on this site so that is an improvement. Two problems I encountered was that the concierge staff were not great. Apparently, this is not an uncommon problem but I found them not all that helpful and their language skills were lacking somewhat. But they did want to sell tours! The other problem I found was that when I booked on the company website, I was under the impression that the final price included taxes and fees and later learned that it did not. This made the price about $50 more per night than I'd thought. Yes, this could definitely have been my own mistake but I look pretty closely at this usually so look out for this. The actual price would have been less if I'd booked through expedia than the hotel's own site. My advice would be to watch out for this. There are other hotels similarly situated such as the Radisson and maybe the JW Marriott so check these prices out too. I would suggest staying in Puxi over Pudong. TIP-if you stay here, check out the bar at the top. While the views are spectacular everywhere, the bar is worth visiting. Very romantic!	
Jul 8 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed the first night in Shanghai at the Four Seasons, which certainly was nice, but this was BETTER. Moved on the advice of a traveling companion (we were there on business) who had stayed at the Le Royal Meridien before. The room was fantastic, with one of the best layouts of a hotel room. The service and attentiveness was at the highest level.	
Jul 7 2008 	Fantastic service and a great hotel	I moved to Shanghai in June for 18 months and for the first 3 weeks (before I sorted out a permanent place to live) I was lucky enough to stay at the Royal Meridien downtown Shanghai.It is a superb hotel. The tallest building in the Puxi side of Shanghai. It has fantastic views - especially from the top floor bar (65th floor) and from the Royal Club lounge on the 44th floor.We were staying in an exec. suite which was about 2000RMB per night (300 $ ish). It was a large room - not the largest I've ever stayed in, but had a great big swivel tv (so you can watch in bed, from the sofa or the bath!) and a huuuuuggggeee bed (must be bigger than king size).We got free breakfast in the Royal Club lounge every day, which was good (freshly made eggs, crispy bacon, pastries, fruit, yogurt etc) and free drinks from 5.30 til 8pm every day (including some premium brands like Tanqueray).There is a good gym and pool and the weights and cardio equipment is top notch.The real reason this hotel is so great though is the service (nothing is too much trouble - they even helped us find places to live!) and the location (near People's park and the Bund).Staying here made our move to Shanghai much less stress free than it might have been otherwise.Based on my stay here, I also stayed at the Royal Meridien in Hong Kong, which was just as good.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great location for a very comfortable international-style hotel	This is a bland, international hotel but with such a great location and done very well, hence the rating. Right on People's square, the hotel is a landmark building and very easy to find from just about anywhere (just look up). My room was large, with amazing views (on the 52nd floor), floor to ceiling windows, and all the usual luxuries like a posh bathroom, comfortable bed, mini-bar (pricey) and a very large TV (not that there's much to watch on CCTV) . The hotel has a decent swimming pool and leisure club, lots of spa treatments (I didn't try these), a bar at the top (65th floor) and excellent staff who go out of their way to help you. If you can get a good price, go for the 'Royal Club' deals, as you get a room near the top of the hotel, a very good breakfast, free afternoon tea, nibbles and drinks in the evening in a dedicated lounge, and some other bits and pieces.Don't stay here if you want Chinese character and charm - try some of the smaller hotels hidden in the Hutongs.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great Location service and facilities	The Royal Meridien is well located surounded by shops and points of interest. Fantastic Bar on 65th floor, great buffet on Lobby floor. Rooms are spacious and well equiped.Very attentive staff.	
Jun 22 2008 	Interesting	I was speaking at a conference in Shanghai and my wife and I stayed at LRM for four days in early June after reading many accolades on Trip Advisor. The location is great: right next to Nanjing Road, across from People's Park and museums, 10 minutes'walk from the Bund, across from the subway, etc. The building is spectacular. The views are superb. We were in a Club room on the 53rd floor and so took advantage of the breakfast and happy hours, with nice food and drinks that combined western and Chinese styles. Staff were quite helpful, including an excellent concierge service for arranging restaurants and tours. Most of the guests appeared to be business people. Now for a few concerns that lowered our rating: There is no free wi-fi, whether in the rooms or the Club room; this is inexcusable for a top level hotel in today's world. Others have remarked on the dual elevators to get to the upper rooms. Our room, while spacious, had strange design aspects for the contemporary feel. For instance, we could not open just a bathroom light at night, so if one of us used the facilities, the other was woken up by floodlights in the vanity (there are no solid doors). The rainforest shower was nice but not something to write home about. In fact, on the first morning we awoke to no hot water. I had to get to the conference and so washed up rather unsatisfactorily. My wife stayed behing and called the front desk. They sent up a person fairly soon and it turned out that someone on the staff had turned off the hot water valve before we arrived. Turning on the valve cured the problem but no one in management ever apologized for this considerable inconvenience; this is not up to par for a high-end hotel.	
Jun 18 2008 	Loved this hotel	Le Royale Meridien became my favorite hotel chain after my stay in their new Shanghai location. When I first walked into the hotel I knew it was going to be a great stay, the staff literally nabbed my bags the minute I got through the revolving door. From a quick glance, I think there were about 5 staff to each guest. There was not line-up at the check-in and the staff were very helpful. When I got to the room I was very happy to see that it was fairly large and the renovations were modern and very new. The shower was interesting as there were glass walls and you could see out when showering (could actually watch TV while showering!). The bed was very comfortable and there was a huge 40&quot; plasma (or LCD) TV hung on the wall. I think the internet was free and the working area was decent. I was on a very high floor and had a very nice view. The breakfast buffet was also very good, a great selection of East &amp; West cuisine. We were also very close to the the Bund and had a main shopping strip just near us. I was very happy with my stay and would definitely return if I travel to Shanghai again.	
Jun 15 2008 	Excellent views	I chose this hotel primarily because of the excellent views from floor to ceiling windows. The room was fine. We looked at a junior suite but felt it didn't look much different than the room. We chose to stay on an Executive floor (57th) with the perks of free breakfast and evening cocktails. Service was excellent throughout the hotel. The hotel is right in front of the Nanjing pedestrian road and across from People's Square. I usually stay at the JW Marriott which is across the square. The Marriott has better bathrooms but the Meridien has much better views and a better location. Right outside the hotel is the pedestrian area where you can buy water or whatever you need. The JW Marriott doesn't have anything right outside it like that.	
Jun 8 2008 	A superb hotel with superb service	Other than the bizarre onslaught of fake bag hawkers assaulting you on walking out the rear entrance to Nanjing Lu, this hotel is well located, beautifully furnished, welcoming, and flawless. It may be one of the best Starwood hotels in the world. That's high praise; I've stayed at a lot of their best properties worldwide.	
Jun 8 2008	Love This Hotel	I loved everything about this hotel, It is the most modern hotel I've ever stayed in, and was extemely warmly decorated. The views from the rooms are amazing. There is a huge indoor pool, with a sun-bathing deck overlooking the city. The staff was friendly, helpful and courteous. I could not have asked for more.	
Jun 4 2008 	Loved Le Royal Meridien Shanghai!	Just returned from a short trip to Shanghai where my husband and I stayed at Le Royal Meridien (LRM) for 3 nights. We absolutely loved the ambience of the hotel and the modern, clean rooms. Having stayed on the 30th-ish floor, we had a spectacular view of the city, and the floor to ceiling windows absolutely did the view justice.Loved the efficiency of housekeeping and keeping us supplied at all times with bottled water was greatly, greatly appreciated. All amenities were re-stocked on a daily basis, shower was awesome, and evening turn-down service was great (more water, towels, etc.).The hotel is also in the best possible location, right on Nanjing Road. I say skip the pricey hotel breakfast and instead head right over to the cute cafes across the street for a fabulous, filling morning meal. We ate at Jamaica Blue every morning; their bacon &amp; egg sandwiches on ciabatta bread were delish!Probably my only complaint, as others have noted, is the confusing elevator system. It's cumbersome having to take 2 of them just to get to the ground floor. Here's a tip though: from the ground floor, take the &quot;hidden&quot; set of elevators, located BEHIND the more obvious set of elevators (the more obvious set has a podium and staff standing there to greet you). This way, when you get to the lobby level, you come face-to-face with the next set of elevators, instead of having to walk around an entire wall. Also, in this day and age, hotels should start offering complimentary internet access, especially with so many business people traveling throughout China. Hopefully, LRM can get on that soon. I really have nothing but high marks for overall quality, service and hospitality. Check-in was a breeze as well as check-out. Out of 508 hotels, LRM rightfully owns a top spot in the rankings. In general, I have been very pleased with the Starwood properties in Shanghai. The Westin is also wonderful but in a less-convenient area. I can't wait to try the St. Regis when I'm back there next month. So far, though LRM is my absolute favorite (and that includes the Four Seasons)!	
Jun 1 2008 	Great Hotel	We just returned from China and our final stop was 3 days in Shanghai at the Le Meridien. We loved this hotel. Great localtion-lots of shops,c cafes, coffee shops and shopping galore close by. Our room was beautful and well maintained. The breakfast buffet was great! We would recommend this hotel -it was a five star experience.Also for those with disabilties the hotel privides a free wheelchair.	
May 30 2008	Awesome experience!	Just returned from a week at this wonderful hotel. The location couldn't be better, the doormen were incredibly helpful and the entire hotel was modern, gorgeous and spotless. We booked and highly recommend the Royal Club Floor. The service was superb and the Club Room is perfect and serene, with spectacular views. The breakfast and evening cocktails are outstanding. Can't wait to return!	
May 30 2008	Hotel is ok but nothing for single females	Read all the good comments here, so decided to stay in the Le Meridien during my trip to Shanghai this month. Had an interesting experience there what its worth to share:At my arrival I really was getting lost with the confusing elevator system there, the staff in the lobby recognized me, but ignored me. Finally I found the reception and get an quick check in. When I arrived in my room I recognized that there was a strange smell in the bathroom. I called the operator to fix it, and somebody showed up with a spray after 10 minutes. In the meantime I saw there were many black hairs on my bed and in the bathroom, so I decided to move in another room. I tried to explain that the boy with the spray, but no English in all, so I called the operator again. She told me, I have to come down to the reception. Ok, I just had a 15 hours flight behind me, I only wanted a shower and a clean room, but I was too tired to discuss. So I went down, luckily I found the agent who checked me in, she was really smart, she gave me another room in a higher floor and she apologized for the inconvenience.At the moment I wanted to leave the reception a person asked me from behind, if there was any problem, I turned around and a small man was smiling to me. He introduced himself as the General Manager of this hotel and he asked me to wait. He approached the reception and asked the lady to change my room again. I was a little surprised about that, but to confuse to say anything.The General Manager gave my the new room key and told me, that I can use the Club Lounge free of charge during my stay, and he hope to see me there for breakfast in the next days. He gave me his name card with the words that I may call him anytime if there is anything he can do for me.I went back to my new room (very huge, they called it &quot;Executive Suite&quot;) and was surprised again, that after 10 minutes an associate brought me a fruit basket and a bottle of red wine and card signed by the General Manager. I felt a little bit strange about this man at this moment, but too tired to think about it.I had some business meetings the other days and don’t get the breakfast in the Club, one time I tried the “Happy Hour” there in the evening, but the staff was not very attentive, the tables in the lounge were full of empty glasses and plates, you have to get your drinks by yourself, a lot of staff standing around, but no one of them offered assistance and help. They were chatting with each other on the desk the whole time.But to come to the end of my story, I was come back late one night, and I saw the General Manager in my guest floor hand in hand with a Chinese lady (he did not saw me), going to a guest room just two rooms next to my room. This confuses me, but I thought maybe it’s his wife, I heard, that in some hotels the General Manager stay there. But two days later, I saw him again, with another lady (much taller), going in the same room, this time he recognized me, and he smiled to me.Next morning I choose the Club for breakfast and had a chat with a staff member, and yes, the girl confirmed, the General Manager of the Meridien life’s in the hotel, and yes, he has his room on my floor and he is not married!The whole story confused me, specially the room change to his floor on my arrival day and how he approached me on that day, so I decided to move out on the next day and stay in the Westin, 15 minutes far from the Meridien. So far, the Meridien hotel is ok, except the Club Lounge, this is nothing special in my eyes, but if you are travelling as a single female, better select another hotel when you are in Shanghai, after the things I saw and I expressed, I would not feel comfortable there anymore.	
May 15 2008	Fantastic hotel	We recently stayed at Le Meridien as part of an extended tour of China booked with a tour operator.This hotel is currently the tallest in Shanghai and is well situated. Our room was on the 24th floor with good views over the city. The best views however were from the bar on 66th - spectacular at night. We were very happy with everything in our room.The food was excellent. You would have to be very hard to please not find suitable food at the buffet breakfast - the choice was the widest we had during our entire trip. We also had afternoon tea in the Cafe and ate in the Italian restaurant on one evening. Again, food and service were outstanding. The young Italian male waiter was charming.The swimming pool and associated area had good views over the city and the facilities were again excellent.The staff are the greatest asset at this hotel. They are friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and went out of their way to assist. Their English was generally good.Would highly recommend this hotel - our group loved it.	
May 14 2008 	Wow what a view!	Wonderful stay all around, from the room to the facilities. We stayed for two nights in Le Royal Meridien Shanghai and loved our room, which had an amazing view of downtown Shanghai extending to the Bund and across the water to Pudong, including the famed Pearl of the Orient and Jinmao tower. The beauty of the hotel is that all the rooms are above the 20th floor, and every room has floor to window ceilings, so you're guarenteed a great view. On top of that, room amenities are truly five star, by American and European standards. I've stayed a lot of &quot;five star&quot; Chinese hotels, but this is the real thing--modern bathroom fixtures with ceiling rain shower and large comfortable tub clean enough to take a bath in. Separate toilet and sink areas. 42inch Samsung plasma TV, and just a load of other details that make the stay a pleasure (free shoe shine, Le Occitane shower products, etc ,etc). The pool is indoors with a great gym and outdoor sunbathing balcony. Posh but reasonably priced restaurants for a five star hotel--try the dim sum at the Cantonese restaurant--as good as Hong Kong. The room is work every cent--we paid more than for any hotel we've paid for in China, but it was well worth it.	
Apr 18 2008 	Le Royal Experience	My wife and I stayed at the Le Royal Meridien during our three day stay in Shanghai. We absolutely loved the hotel and could not find anyting to complain about at all (which is surprising considering that we are pretty picky about the hotels we stay at). The location was perfect!! Right in the middle of Nanjing Rd across from People's square. It was across the street from the metro and a 10-15 min walk to the Bund. There are cafe's, restaurants, coffee shops and gelato stands right outside the door which is very convenient. There are many other luxury hotels in Shanghai, but their locations were not as exciting and they are more expensive. The hotel decor was amazing! Beautiful lobby and fresh flowers everywhere. Very modern, yet comfortable and warm. Our room was spacious with a great view of Nanjing Rd. We loved the rain shower and the plasma TV! The service was perfect as well. There were nice, smiling people everywhere just waiting to help you with anything. All of the hotel staff spoke English (which was not our experience at other hotels in China) and gave us great recommendations on shopping and restaurants.I would highly recommend this hotel because of it's perfect location, great service and modern and cozy rooms.	
Apr 15 2008	hotel comments	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in March, 2008 and I selected it because of its proximity to Tanjin Road which is a pedestrian mall running right down to the Bund (which is famous for its pre-World War 2 architecture) and is right on the river. Our impression of Shanghai is a bustling modern city of 18 million. The hotel is approx. 65 stories high and we chose the Club floor. The buffet breakfast was quite nice but the cocktail evening food was a little short on quantity but after we complained to one of the senior staff things improved dramatically.The room we had on the 40th level was OK but the rainshower was unusual in that the water covered the entire bathroom floor before draining away. At least you had plenty of space. There is a separate bath and vanity. The toiletries are 1st class. Go the the top floor at any time and get the magnificent view. Make sure you have a room on at least the 40th floor (the Club is on the 44th floor) as the different lifts below that level can be a problem. The staff were all very friendly and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. All in all a good hotel.	
Mar 31 2008	Disappointing for a five star	This hotel did not meet expectations. The service is outstanding. However, the rooms were undone and not well kept. You can see the mold in the bathroom tiles and food is okay. I would say this hotel is all show in the architecture but with little substance in conveying that it's a five star hotel. This hotel lacks attention to detail.	
Mar 15 2008 	no doubt the best place to stay	Ultra modern hotel in the absolute best location in Shanghai.Close to Nanjing pedestrain mall,the Bund,great shopping,People's park with its Museums and old Shanghai.Short and cheap cab rides take you to many great eating districts including Xintiandi and the French Concession area.Solicitors(watches,bags,massages) minor nuissance outside hotel.All major hotels seem to have this small problem.If you ignore them they will leave you alone.The city is very safe.We walked everywhere and took the subway-easy to use and very modern.We had a club room at first which was very nice on th e44th floor then we upgraded to the Imperial Suite.The views from the 60th floor suite we amazing esp from the bathtub.We will never forget it.The service in the club lounge was incredible.We felt the staff went out of their way to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.Thanks to Ken ,Bobo and the rest of the concierge staff for making our stay unforgettable and for their fantastic advice on restaurants.The location cant be beat.If you like modern high rises in central location than look no further.For a more contemporary look then the Four Seasons is a good option but you wont get the views.	
Mar 2 2008 	Overwhelmed	I have stayed in countless hotels all over the world for business and pleasure but this one has been the best experience ever.We stayed on the 39th floor in a Grand Delux Suite with an appointed butler who went out of his way to cater for our needs from measuring up my trousers for shortening to going out of the hotel to look for my particular brand of shaving head. Though most of the hotel staff are young in their mid twenties, their zest to assist in every way has made this hotel special. We stayed for 4 nights in a suite that can only be described as heavenly from the burgandy teak wooden floor in the sitting area to the stunning bathroom which can only be rivalled by the Trianon Palace Hotel in Versailles France, I was really impressed by the attention to detail in the room where everything was neatly placed even the shower head was turned towards the wall so as to avoid being sprayed with cold water when you put it on! The view was truely panoramic extending more than 180 degrees. Facilities were superb though we only tried the Chinese restaurant which had excellent food and a great selection of wines and champagne. You can book a private room there for dinner with a full view of the main skyline. The hotel is beautifully presented in contemporary style with high class fittings and enjoy the facilities and view at the Royal Club Lounge and Bar on the 44th and 65th floors respectively. There's 24 hour room service and please try the wanton soup and noodle soup ( Taiwan style). The only problem can initially be the lifts but there's sufficient staff to direct you appropriately. I will definitely be returning to this hotel.	
Feb 17 2008	Nice Hotel Great Location Upgrade to Royal Club	My parents and I (Parents 66, I am 35) just returned from 5 nights at Le Royal Meridien Shanghai. We chose the hotel based on the reviews, location and royal club level amenities.We took the MAGLEV bullet train (40-50 RMB/person ($6-7) ) from the airport for the 7 minute ride into Shanghai Pudong area. From there we took a ~40-52 RMB ($6-7) cab to the hotel. You could instead choose to walk across the street to the Metro station for a ~$1 fare for a six stop metro to peoples square station which is right next to the hotel. Its quite busy at the peoples square station and you will have plenty of opportunities to experience that insanity later in your trip so I would suggest just taking the cab from the MAGLEV. MAKE SURE you have the hotel address and location printed in CHINESE before you go. You can find this and print it from the Meridien website.As others have recommended, we second the idea of upgrading to the Royal Club level. With access to the lounge, we ate breakfast, had daily cocktails, ate dinner and used the free internet to stay connected to our lives back home (although its very slow...56K when I checked the bandwidth). The food is buffet style but we found they had a nice selection of appetizer portions that could easily be substituted for a meal. We chose to eat at the hotel due to the high number of poor reviews of Shangahi restaurants. We did have a few meals out in the city but used the Royal Club more often than not in order to eat breakfast and dinner.The rooms are modern, there are a number of english news and movie channels, we had amazing views of the city and the staff was very attentive. The staff booked tickets to see the acrobats for my parents, they called my cab driver and had my gloves returned to me after I left them accidently and they were eager to provide help whenever we wanted.Le Royal Meridien has a great location on Nanjing road so you can easily get to several areas of the city by foot, metro or cab ride (very cheap).Overall, we really enjoyed our stay in the hotel and our only gripe would be the painfully slow free internet in the Royal Club lounge as well as the upcharge if you used the internet in your room (also slow).	
Feb 14 2008 	Quite nice	The service here is excellent, as is the breakfast and buffet dinner. However, I didn't like being charged to use the internet in the bedroom (which didn't even work properly) and I also got a little confused with all of the different lifts.	
Feb 6 2008 	Dirty Dirty Cleaning Practices!!!!	This was my 2nd time staying there...overall we have stayed here for 10 days. The room is very nice, but the problem is that they have hired people off the street to clean the rooms. These people have no experience it seems like, and have LOW STANDARDS of cleanliness!! This would be a health code violation in America!! The first day, I had the cleaning lady come into our room, and clean while I was there. She came from the next room over with a small handcarry cleaning caddy. I wondered where her big cleaning cart was. It didn't exist.She first RINSED out our used glass with water, and then proceeded to dry it out with a DIRTY RAG, that she had in her caddy. She then used this rag to wipe the mirror. Then she went , and wiped the counters, and then went inside the bathroom. I am standing right there, watching her, and she is cleaning as if this is normal. She proceeds to wipe the TOILET, TOILET SEAT, where my toddler son had peed over the night before, and then starts wiping the toilet floor, and now is proceeding to wipe the entire marble floor with this cloth. She did not rinse/ exchange this cloth not even once. I finally had to tell her to stop cleaning, and after that, I did not let them clean our room. A few other staff who helped exchange our towels out, and garbage cans, had the same nasty cleaning knowledge. When garbage dumped out on the floor, they wiped up the garbage can, and continued to wipe the floor...with a dirty rag. Staff here are not used to clean ways. I really now question the cleanliness of the restaurants. I trust the Italian restaurant a little more, since they have a foreign renowned? chef working there, but as for the Chinese restaurant....I don't know. Le Meridien is part of the SPG Starwood Hotels Preferred Group, and they are aware of this problem, but have not fixed it at all of their hotels. I just watched a Fox news clip on the hidden cameras they installed. The hotel stay was okay, other than this problem. I do like the room set up, and decor. The only other problem was hotel transportation. We paid premium bucks for the hotel/airport pickup service, and the drivers drove like maniacs. Feel free to warn them that they need to drive slow and complain to management! This is a serious issue! I made sure they knew I wanted them to drive slow, and we still came 1 inch away from an accident, driver slammed on his brakes. He was tailgating, speeding, weaving in and out of 80% of other cars, and the traffic was very light. This is after I made sure the bellhop tell him to drive slowly, because of our first nightmare experience, where the fellow drove like a maniac at 1 am in the morning (flight was delayed) during thick fog. We are certainly not in any hurry to get to the hotel, and traffic was non existent.Last thing about the hotel....it has 4 or 5 restaurants to eat at...so there are a lot of choices for dining. I do not trust all the food, but there was nothing else better that I knew of, so we ate there. If you can get Executive Lounge access, you are in good hands. You get free internet, free drinks (San Pellegrino), free alcohol drinks during happy hours, snacks, and free buffet breakfast. We ate breakfast at both buffets (the free one, and the expensive one downstairs). Of course, the expensive one is better, but if you have lounge access, I would just stick to the free buffet, since they have a lot of the same items from downstairs. Also, you can request/ order eggs at the lounge, though they do not tell you this.Would I stay here again? Maybe. Because I do not know where else to trust in China. Will any other 5 star hotel clean better? I don't think so. Is there any way to complain and make the hotel better? I don't think so. The standards in China are lower, overall. That's my personal opinion. I have complained about both topics, but we'll see if there is any change.	
Feb 1 2008	Varied Level of Service	The best part is its location. Then the service (not the front desk, not the room cleaning staff) are the most prompt and wonderful that I've ever experienced.The layout of the room is strange, so you basically go through the bathroom to go to the bedroom. My brother calls it a way to save money (same amount of money for less sqft). Well, he is a diehard Marriott fan and their family decided to stay at JW Marriott this time.I travelled by myself and booked a &quot;Grand Deluxe - Higher Floor&quot; room. Apparently I was not given a higher floor room after talking to my husband, who stayed there couple times before. It took my husband calling from US to get my room changed, because either I am not firm enough or I looked too cheap.The room cleaning staff kept re-arranging my personal toiletries I put on the glass shelves. Those were not on the sink counter where they clean every day. And one day they did not clean the room until around 5pm though I put the sign for room makeup early in the morning.If not for the location, I may very well stay at St. Regis next time, which is about the same price.	
Jan 23 2008 	Fabulous !	Stayed for 4 nights at this property ! It can be the 9th Wonder of the world ! If you are willing to spend upto $220 dollars, then this is a dream come true !Nanjing Lu, The Bund, The whole shanghai in range . . Amazing Amazing Hotel !MUST STAY HERE !!	
Jan 12 2008 	fantastic hotel and location	Hello, I was at Le Meridien last jan.the 2 nd for 4 nights and my experience was great. The hotel is in a fantastic location, in the heart of the pedestrian street and only 5 min. form the bund.All the empl. speaks a very good english and the are very helpful with all the info you may need. Rooms 8 I was in the Club Foor was very nice , large and clean. The better are the nes with the bund view.Very good was the royal club lounge, where You can have a good breakfast and the cocktail from 5pm till 8 pm vith a lot of things to eat and drink ( also alchoolic)i , n my opinion the upgrade for a the royal club floor is absolutely worth the money .In general a fantastic hotel in a fantastic location.	
Jan 9 2008 	Beautifully decorated but very uncomfortable room	I stayed 2 nights in ealry Jan 2008. I chose it because of the location, and the convenience of using my SPG points. The hotel and room is beautifully decorated, but I was not able to sleep well there. Such experience never happened to me. I was very disappointed.I was not able to sleep the whole night first night, I was heavily suffering from allergy - I believe the room has lots of mold around sink and bath room area. As i was carrying a light cold, I intially was confused by the symptoms until the next day morning, I went out, it's all cleared, I went back inside and as sson as i got closer to the sink and bathroom, i started to sneeze, and have red itchy eyes full of tears. I had to request another room, The minute I stepped in the other room, I found myself feel much better. I had to conclude it's indeed the problem of the first room. The bellboy told me such thing happened to some other guests, primarily because of the poorly maintained facility in the room.n others. The buffet is very expensive - 450rmb a head.  However, temperature in both room is very hot unless you set the air con temperature to 18C and kept setting to high. The 2nd room was cool when I was led in by the bell boy, however after I turned off the aircon, it became very hot. I had to keep the air con on 18c and high for the whole night. There are many lights in the hallway and inside the room thus easily generate lots of heat. The staff was friendly but didn't do anything(except verbal appology) to comfort me when I complained my experience at the check-out. I didn't use other hotel facility, so can't comment oStay away from this hotel, not to be fooled by the look and location. There are other good hotels just a few steps away.	
Jan 3 2008 	Western-standard luxury in the East	We stayed here for 2 nights at the beginning of our holiday and it spoiled our expectations for the rest of the holiday! Our standard room was luxurious, with a view of People's Park and lovely rain shower and tub. The L'Occitane toiletries were a nice touch, as was the DVD player in the room - a great way to escape from the crowds of Nanjing Road on a rainy afternoon.The cleanliness of the room and hotel surroundings is on par with any Western luxury hotel. I say this because other hotels in China, while advertising themselves to be 3 or 4 star properties, do not measure up to the level of service and cleanliness. We ate at the Chinese restaurant at the hotel (Ai Mei?) and found it to be one of the best we sampled in Shanghai and outside the city over a 12 day period. Overall, the service was fantastic - from the smooth check-in, the room service at 4am, storage of our bags for a few days as we travelled outside of Shanghai and to the manager's response to a complaint we had for the slow service at the Chinese restaurant. They did a fantastic job rectifying our complaint.PRO / TOP TIP: It can be difficult communicating with taxi drivers in Shanghai so make sure you ask for one of the folding maps from the concierge at the Meridien (looked like it was made specially for the hotel) - this was the BEST TOOL we had during our entire stay as it has both the English and Chinese names of top attractions, as well as no-nonsense pictures of the attractions and metro stops. We had various other maps throughout our stay but the one at the Meridien got us to some of the markets we had trouble finding because we couldn't communicate with the taxi drivers. CON: The only thing we were not too thrilled about was the hoardes of people at People's Park / Nanjing Road - this caused us to move to the French Concession at the end of our holiday, but otherwise the Meridien would have been an excellent choice!	
Jan 1 2008 	Perfection at Le Royal Meridien Shanghai	Stayed at the Le Meridien Shanghai with family during Christmas and found the hotel impeccable! Room was spacious, clean, and had a moderndesign with Shanghai skyline views. Great plasma flat-screen T.V! Many hotel staff were extremely helpful, even there to press elevator buttons and to greet us. The Hotel is perfectly located on Nanjing Road about a 10 minute walk from the Bund. The buffet breakfast was plentiful with a spectacular variety of Chinese and Western food. TheHotel is connected to a rather high-end mall with a convenient grocerystore. Overall, The Le Royal Meridien is the hotel to stay at for business and leisure and cannot be beat.	
Jan 1 2008 	Stay here - chic ultramodern stylish	This is a new, modern and stylish hotel with a perfect service. The staff spoke english very well, was friendly and helpful with tips for restaurant, sightseeing etc..We booked a room with access to the royal club lounge. The room was 38m2 and with a panoramic view and floor to ceiling windows. Great! The room was modern and stylish and non smoking what we appreciated (in China a lot of rooms smell heavily from former smoking guests).The non plus ultra was the royal club lounge. A cozy retreat for a quiet breakfast or lounging during day and evening. The breakfast selection was good with a buffet and eggs to order. What we absolutely loved was the cocktail time. A huge buffet with cheese selection, chinese food, antipasti and a good selection of wine (included). The buffet was refilled until late evening. The upgrade for a the royal club floor is absolutely worth the money for the food, the calm and the great views. There are several internet accesses (for free) in the club lounge.The hotel bar on the top floor is also worth a visit. Large windows, cozy loungers and a fireplace.The location of the hotel is very convenient. Just at the beginning of the shopping street. You can also walk to the bund, but we prefered the taxi (very cheap).The pool has large windows overlooking town and an open terrasse. Very nice designed, clean and a good place for relaxing after sigtseeing. There is a fancy juice bar close to the pool.At the spa, I had one of my best foot massage. The spa ist very expensive, but also here, modern design and stylish.We never had dinner at the hotel because there were so many fancy restaurants outside to try. We had dinner at Va bene, an upscale italian restaurant at the new hot spot Xintiandi. The food was really italian and very good, nice italian wine selection though expensive.The other night we ate new heights (three on the bund) which has a fantastic open terrasse with full view over the bund. The food is simple yet tasty (Pasta, burger...). It is an in-place, but with a relaxed atmosphere. We liked it much better than m on the bund next door. Every week, a new stylish restaurant is opend in Shanghai. Skip the hotel restaurant and try one of the new restaurants. Xintiandi is a place, packed with stylish restaurants with flavours from all over the world (japanese, italian, french, ...). and upscale shops like shanghai tang. The hotel concierge is very helpful with restaurants tips and reservations.Stay at Royal meridien and upgrade for the royal club lounge, you will not regret! If you search for a chinese atmosphere, than it is not the right place for you .	
Dec 31 2007 	Great location	This is a wondeful hotel in the middle of Shanghai. It's just off Nanjing Road and within walking distance of the busy shopping district, and even the Bund is a mere 15 minutes away on foot.Hotel is very new so the room decor is modern and nice. Layout is a little atypical which I appreciated. The bathroom area is pretty nice.Allure, the French restaurant, serves excellent food.	
Dec 27 2007 	Impeccable Accomodations	I selected this hotel partially based on others' reviews here, and I was not at all disappointed! I stayed for 3 nights in a room on the 55th floor. This gorgeous and functional room had a beautiful view of People's Park, a beautiful area with a huge fountain, gardens, etc. right outside of the Shanghai Museum. I also had an amazing panoramic view of the city from the South to the West. The plate of fruit and free drink upon my arrival in the room was a very nice touch as well.The Royal Club lounge on the 44th floor (you have free access to the Club if you are staying on a Royal Club floor) had not only wonderful hors d'oeuvres each evening, but also had a great buffet breakfast in the morning. The Club also had several computers for accessing the Internet for free.The neighborhood around the hotel has a bakery, several restaurants, two Starbucks, a shopping mall and the major shopping street in Shanghai - Nanjing Road. Also, the Shanghai Museum is within walking distance (and is a wonderful museum).I highly recommend this hotel - the service was impeccable, the staff was friendly, the room was extremely comfortable - it was worth the price. (My only complaint was the Internet access - it was expensive and extremely slow.)	
Dec 19 2007	Enjoyed my stay	Stayed for 2 nights. Room very comfortable, bed great, bathrm was wonderful- only few minor improvements could be made. gym &amp; pool of average size but more then adequate for a good workout. Could not really fault the restaurants, except that they did not reconize my Asia miles card for earning miles, they should as it is advertised on Cx Asia miles site. breakfast was one of best I have had in a hotel coffee shop. Although it was very busy the staff were constantly cleaning tables &amp; food was replenished quickly. hotel rms very quiet as the hotel only starts from a very high floor- below I believe are offices. Even the massage I got at the Spa was excellent- of course expensive by Chinese standards. my stay way GREAT! Oh &amp; do go by the Chinese Rest. to see this AMAZING Aquarium they have!!	
Dec 11 2007	Wonderful --- we will return	We spent 3 nights at this very nice hotel. We opted for the Club Floor which was a wise choice as you get an upper floor room, access to free internet, free breakfast, and cocktails and snacks from 1730-2000. One night we just took snacks for our supper --- the snacks were excellent and substantial. The service was very good especially their very willing attitude. They may not have gotten every request right on the first try because of minor language barriers but they were so willing to correct anything. They also were superb at filling special requests related to shopping, meal reservations, and the like. We went to Shanghai not knowing what to expect but enjoyed it so much that we are planning a return trip --- this time for at least 2 weeks so that we can &quot;walk the city&quot;.We booked in advance on the internet which drove the rate down to what we felt was reasonable for the room and service.	
Dec 11 2007 	Absolutely perfect!	This is a fantastic hotel without a doubt! From the moment you pull up in front of the entrance till you check-out. Stayed in the Royal Club Lounge and do yourself a huge favor and upgrade to that if you have just booked an &quot;ordinary room&quot;. You get an exclusive check-in on the 44th floor, rooms from the 53rd floor or something like that and then up - it is one of the best views in Shanghai. When checking in your are offered a drink and that by the way just continues into an open bar (perhaps) 24hr a day (soft drinks). From 5pm to 8pm they have free snacks (could replace an entire meal), a free bar with good whiskey, champagne, vodka, martinis and so on. A great way to warm up for the perfect Shanghai night. The Spa is top class, with a warmed up pool and unisex spa (not like the Radisson in Shanghai which have a nice but cold pool). Men have a jacuzzi as well in their changing room. The nightclub is a bit more boring than the one at the Radisson, but it'll more than do the trick as you couldn't ask for much more, when sitting on the 65th floor overlooking the Shanghai skyline. The service is excellent and the rooms a among the best I've seen. Nice interior, nice bathroom with everything you need and a DVD player, even though I can't imagine spending much time there watching the 42&quot; flat screen TV - Shanghai calls, and the Meridien is a perfect base for your explorations.	
Dec 4 2007 	More style then substance	Although this is a very glam hotel (President Sarkozy was resident during my visit) the service still needs some work. Definitely not five star (yet). My check-in was particularly disappointing. Even though I paid extra for a 'grand' deluxe room (in order to stay on a high floor), I was given a room on the 31st floor (which is only 1 floor up from the deluxe room floors). If I was only there for a few nights it wouldn't be an issue. But I was booked for 8 nights. I asked if there was anything higher up. The front desk staff didn't even bother to check - just said no. He handed me the key and turned away, leaving me to struggle with the baffling elevator system that previous reviewers have had issues with. I late found out that my colleage who was booked in a regular deluxe room was staying on the 37th floor. Go figure! As in other Chinese hotels I have stayed in, the female staff tend to be much more helpful and service-oriented. Must be the 'little emperor' system.As with another reviewer's complaints (Flannelpyjamas)- air conditioning was an issue. Even though I had it turned down on the lowest setting, the room was extremely warm at night. Other guests had the same complaint as I heard the standard reply over and over (&quot;we are now on the winter system&quot;) Which apparently means air con has been completely shut off. I also could smell cigarette smoke through the system. Breakfast is fairly standard and nothing to get excited about. 15 minutes before breakfast finishes the staff start to clear up and have no qualms about rushing you out. Gym is very good. The bar on the top floor is stunning. Concierge helpful, and the door staff very friendly. I was fairly disappointed as the reviews had been so good. Next time I'll probably stay at the Four Seasons where the rooms may not be as hip, but the service warrants the price.	
Nov 22 2007	Everything right!	Beautiful hotel, perfect central location, surrounded by shops and amenities, fantastic rooms with ceiling to floor windows, excellent service, great food and what a view from our 58th floor room! We paid a bit extra for a royal club room and enjoyed the benefits of the club lounge, well worth it.Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 18 2007 	Excellent Hotel	One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. We were in a Grand Delux room which was very nice. Big Plasma, sofa, desk looking out the floor to celling windows.We booked a &quot;Royal Club&quot; room which was the &quot;executive floor&quot; with access to the executive lounge. This gave us complementary buffet breakfast, afternoon tea from 2.30-5.00 and &quot;evening cocktails&quot; from 5.30-8.00 which was fingerfood type buffet and complimentary drinks (but ironically no cocktails!). The drinks were all good quality and you can just help yourself to spirits, wine, beer and soft drinks.Other than that it had all the things you would expect from a 5* hotel - impressive pool, decour, staff, etc.So great hotel, good location but what 'made' it for us was the Royal Club stuff.	
Nov 16 2007	Excellent hotel	We stayed for three nights 11/8-11/11. Hotel great location, can walk many places. Concierge great, you contact by email before hand and setup tours, restaraunts etc...(ask for Mike or Max).Hotel elevators very confusing and painful if you want to go to the gym or spa and have to cross the lobby in &quot;gym clothing&quot;. Lounge floor breakfast, evening snack, afternoon drinks etc.. great, large room, wonderful view, quality food. Hotel room a bit small for a Five Star hotel, but great bathroom/shower/tub. Nice flat screen TV and reasonable bed. All in all, a wonderful hotel would stay there again.	
Nov 15 2007 	Resist the Club Level; Ask for a River View	We stayed here before (see my review of May 11, 2007), and liked the location so much that we returned despite a few quibbles with the hotel. And we'd probably come back again.The standard rooms - which some wag at Starwood corporate labeled &quot;Grand Deluxe&quot; - are good sized but not huge for a hotel of this class. There is only one sink without much counter space. The toilet enclosure is a frosted glass partition which lets all sound through. The combined shower and tub area is well-designed, and includes an electric curtain that can be raised to give you a view of the skyline (and vice versa).The rest of the room is comfy enough, with a useful sitting area and floor to ceiling windows. The river view rooms (sometimes called Bund view) provide a lovely panorama of buildings, river, and people walking on Nanjing Road. We took the oversized two of the four pillows on the bed, and made a comfy window seat for reading and drinking in the view.So if you get a standard &quot;Grand Deluxe&quot; room with a view of People's Park, it's worth asking for an upgrade to river view or a larger room.On check-in, we got the hard sell of a 400 yuan upgrade to the club level, with free breakfast. Don't do it. The standard club rooms are not any better - in fact, because they don't face the river, they are worse. The real perk here is free use of the internet terminals - but only because of the extortionate 5 yuan per minute charged in the Business Center. Pay for breakfast and check your email when you get home.The lobby breakfast buffet, despite decent variety, lacks quality and interest on both the Asian &amp; Western offerings. (And the club level breakfast is a scant offering - use your freebie at the lobby instead.) For variety, buy some fresh baked breads and coffee at the bread shop next to the back entrance on the ground floor, if you can wait until they open at 8:30. For a tenth the price of the buffet, you can eat at the tables outside and watch the lady drill team excercising and the ballroom dancers just across Nanjing Road.The location is great, on Nanjing Road near the Metro. But as others have mentioned, walking on Nanjing Road means being constantly bombarded by hucksters trying to sell watches and shoes, and, if you're a lone male, massages.	
Nov 12 2007 	Beautiful stylish rooms at the Meridien	We spent three nights at the Royal Meridien during our 10 day visit to China. Our superior room with king size bed was gorgeous. Very comfortable bed, nice bathroom with rain shower, huge flat panel LCD television. Nice colors and lighting. Remainder of the hotel is just as beautiful.We enjoyed the fitness center, and had a great meal at the hotel's French restaurant, and at the Italian restaurant. Breakfast buffet was adequate, service somewhat erratic at breakfast. Otherwise, service was excellent throughout our stay. Complicated elevators take a bit of getting used to, but the staff are always available to assist. Overall, we had a delightful stay, and would recommend this hotel to other travels desiring a comfortable oasis in a busy city.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great Hotel	I read the reviews on Tripadvisor and chose this hotel. We were not disappointed. The hotel has a great location at the end of Nanjing Road. We easily walked to the Bund and the Shanghai Museum, but were accosted by hawkers selling fake goods and prostitutes every few feet. It became tiresome very quickly, but that is typical of Shanghai. The rooms were great with spectacular views. The staff was friendly and more than willing to help.	
Nov 11 2007 	Mixed in the Middle of Shanghai	I have mixed feelings about this hotel. From the surface it seemed ultra chic and modern. But with a closer look, you’ll find that the modern glass décor troubling, elevator system confusing, air conditioning erratic, and one of the worst hotel spas in the world. All these features packaged into $310+ US a night. I chose to stay at this hotel based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. It was rated the number one hotel to stay in Shanghai. I will confirm that the location is in the heart of everything, but getting to and from the hotel is not so convenient, even if you’re using public transportation. My local colleague was stuck in the subway for two hours trying to get back to the hotel. The human traffic along the Nanjing Road makes it difficult even for taxis to maneuver. A five minute ride could be 30 minutes during peak weekday hours. This is something to consider if you are here for business, and need to get to several locations efficiently. Do prepare to throw your schedule out the window. On the other hand being able to walk around to all the shops and restaurants outside of your hotel is extremely convenient. But this location won’t be the only place you’ll spend your time if you’re sightseeing. The hustle and bustle of this shopping Mecca starts to wear you down after a while.As for the room, it was bright, clean, modern, and very very cold. When I mean cold, I am implying two things: the air conditioning system and the décor. The air blasts even when set at low and I had to wear a jacket with temperatures set at 23. Anything higher, the room became muggy and humid. When I turned off the air conditioning, I could smell cigarette smoke coming through the system from other rooms. Flowing air kept smoke out of the room. It was very strange.The toilet is separated from the rest of the room with a heavy frosted glass door. Even with the frosted glass doors, the toilet isn’t very private. I hated the toilet arrangement. In fact, walking into the room initially was like walking into a bathroom The sink is exposed in the room, and makes it feel really out of character. If you’re sharing the room with someone other than your family, there will be privacy issues and a noise factor. The bath area is a fish bowl. The shower is separated from the tub area, which is nice, but you’re basically showering inside the bathroom floor. This is common practice in Asia, and personally, I think it’s efficient for cleaning and I didn’t find it a problem. Not everyone will appreciate it, and the area given to shower is a little small and the walls are glass. (You have to lower the exterior shade if you want a private shower, otherwise you will be on display.) Basically, this means if you shower, the water will spray throughout the whole bath area…including inside the tub. Don’t hang any clothes in the bath area unless you’re prepared to get the items wet. The shower didn’t have hot water for me after my second night in the hotel. I had to switch to using the hand shower attached to the tub. Not a bad situation, but if I were tall, it would be have been very inconvenient. Bath water was yellow. (Could be a plumbing issue with the city, and not the hotel's fault.)The bath amenities were very nice. I hadt toothbrushes, sewing kit, bottles of drinking water, and L’Occitane bath supplies were an added bonus. The water kettle and the French press came with complimentary tea and ground coffee. This was actually nice to see rather than the usual instant coffee packets (also available, but at least I had a choice). The wide flat screen TV was a plus with plenty of movie stations, and the bed linens were clean and comfortable. The fresh orchids next to the lounge chair were a nice touch, and my room included a sofa and coffee table. This gave me more room to spread out and relax. I had a nice view from my 37th floor bay window. The lighting was also done well. I had low and bright light options. There was internet access with no wireless. This meant I was chained to the desk while working. So those nice lounge chairs didn’t get utilized as much as I would have liked. The cost for internet is $22US+ a day. The concierge service was good. But I think all concierge services in Shanghai are helpful because they get benefits when referring tours, etc… They had tour services available to guests. I didn’t do much sightseeing since my schedule was really tight. I did visit the cloth market and picked up beautiful quality silk for the fraction of what I would pay in the US. Dim Sum in the hotel’s Cantonese restaurant was nice, and free of service charge. The Sunday buffet in the lobby restaurant was very expensive, $40US+ per person. The food was mediocre…and not up to the standards of this hotel name. Go across the street to Costa Coffee for snacks and breakfast. It’s a London chain coffee house that’s pretty good. Also next door is a pretty reasonable Cantonese restaurant that’s good for quick and inexpensive meals.DO NOT go to the Le Spa inside the hotel. It was expensive, even with the special they gave me (massage and facial $180US). I began my spa experience at the check-in desk, where they handed me a cold hand towel, and a cold cup of ginger tea. I sat there sipping, while they stared at me from across the desk. Not a great introduction. I didn’t get escorted into a soothing room. I guess they scheduled my appointment really tight, so it was an “In &amp; Out” or “Drive Thru” Spa. No joking!The same girl gave me the massage and facial which was strange to me. I was suffering from muscle pain and a stiff neck. I really needed an experienced body worker. I asked her to focus on my neck and back and forget the other areas, but she didn’t know how to get off the “routine”. She didn’t work on my neck at all. While on my back, she didn’t place another pillow under my knees to protect my lower back. I had to put my knees up to keep from hurting my lower back. I remained in the position for over an hour. I asked for the hydrating facial. After a week of traveling through Asia, I needed some skin repair. The creams she used smelled awful, almost rotten. Basically, her face, and head massage techniques were terrible. After my two hour treatment, I was rushed off to the cashier to pay. I was a little dizzy from the massage, and lying on my back for so long, that I was barely able to walk. I needed a break in a room somewhere to relax. I didn’t leave a tip. I had to rush back to shower and remove the creams off my face. This hotel has not caught up to what spa services should be. It was not a spa; it didn’t even try to “fake” it. It was a complete joke. It had an inexperienced massage therapist and esthetician. I think if I wasn’t so desperate for a massage from my neck pain, I would have gotten up and walked out of the room. I kept hoping it would be better. I felt completely “had” at the end of my session. I can’t say that I would come back to this hotel anytime soon. It was really terrible value. BTW, I’m also a Starwood Gold member. I was not given an upgrade, even though I paid extra for an executive room. I didn’t get the executive floor. I suppose if they had, I might have been a little happier overall. Other reviewers who got the Club Floor gave this hotel rave reviews. If you can get a rate at $200 US per night or less, then maybe you should consider coming here. I booked directly from the SPG.com website, which is supposed to guarantee the lowest rate. Other reviewers have found rates below $200US per night elsewhere.There are many hotels to choose from in Shanghai. I tend to stay at chains that I know while traveling in Asia. I travel very frequently, mostly for work, so I’m biased to hotels with good business services, and since I don’t like to waste company money, I try to look for overall value. I felt overcharged at the end of my stay. I don’t know if I would recommend this place for a vacation. I don’t find it good value for corporate stays, so it is very doubtful I would return for a holiday visit.This was my first visit to Shanghai, and I’ll be coming back more often for work. I will probably be staying at the Shangri-la or the new Westin the next time I visit Shanghai. Lastly, Shanghai like the rest of China is probably going through growing pains. I might try this hotel again in another year or so.	
Nov 9 2007 	Avoid the hawkers	This is a fantastic 5 star hotel in a medium location. It's away from the high end hotels and Nanjing Road is right beside but the hawkers offer everything from watches to &quot;lady massages&quot;. These guys are really annoying and VERY aggresive.When you walk in, there are Zen waterfalls and lited candles at night which makes this place very inviting and relaxing but the breakffst buffet for the Royal club is poor. The service is so attentative I felt like being watched.Still the best new hotel in the city so enjoy it now before things get worn down.cj	
Oct 28 2007	Good Location	Le Royal Meridian was in an excellent location right next to the pedestrian section of the Nanjing Road. The room was very nice &amp; clean with the exception of the windows which were filthy. You would think with all that glass they would employ a decent window cleaner? We only had breakfast in the hotel which was average but I do wish the staff could cheer up a bit in the restaurant. The only confusing thing about the lifts were some needed your room card to make them move &amp; some didn't. I found a set of lifts that took us from the ground floor to our room floor direct. On our last night there was a noisy party on a terrace ten metres below us that went on until two o'clock in the morning.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights.Very good location for shopping.Right on Nanjing Roads hustle and bustle.Had an executive room which was very clean and modern.The problem with this hotel is majority of the staff seems very stiff and unfriendly.In fact I had never written a review before but this hotel instigated my first review for praising the Westin Guangzhou.No comparison between the two.Our bad experiences were from the ground floor welcoming party and then the front desk on the lobby level.Its the first time ever I have experienced this in a hotel and yet I am a loyal Starwood Gold member.Just remembered even on check in nothing was mentioned as far as the Starwood member facilities.I'm not saying don't stay there but don't expect to much assistance when required,stay for the location and the modern facilities.Food was very good.Hotel lifts are all over the place,from Ground you have to go to Lobby then you have to walk to other lifts for your rooms and that depends on what floor your on to which lifts you take.The hotels shop on the lobby dels in gold bullions thats how inflated some items were.As I said the location for the shopping is this hotels big plus but in saying this after about the 5th time in Shanghai and on Nanjing Road prostitutes have come from everywhere.This is the biggest change I have seen in Shanghai,it was just constant approaches.I will not even discuss what was being offered.Now this is no fault of the hotel but if they dont get the authorities to put a stop to it,then this is what the patrons to this hotel face each time they walk out the front door.As a Starwood member I think I will go back to the Four Points Pudong where everything was great,or one of the other Starwood hotels.If my loyalty sways then I'm off to the Shangri-la for sure.	
Oct 23 2007 	An excellent experience	We chose the hotel largely based on Tripadvisor recommendations; stayed 3 nights early Oct 07 and found the whole experience extremely satisfying. Booked a Royal Club room - main advantage of which is included very good buffet breakfast (+ egg dishes cooked very well to order) + free (alcoholic or non) drinks + generous snacks and finger food 5.00pm - 8.00pm in the Club Lounge - well worth the (relatively small) extra cost in my view. You can also drop into the Lounge anytime during the day for a coffee or a cool drink; also has unlimited free internet access. Found the staff throughout the hotel extremely pleasant and helpful. On arrrival, discovered we'd left a bag at airport baggage claim - I was very impressed by the quick and dedicated response of the staff to retrieve it and get it to the hotel in under 2 hours. Any other request was handled quickly and very pleasantly. Found the hotel area very good for access to, eg, Shanghai Museum (15 min walk) and The Bund (15 minute walk the other direction). Would unhesitatingly recommend the hotel; will definitely choose to stay there again.	
Oct 22 2007 	great location and design service only good for "foreigners"	As a 24 year old Chinese guy visiting from another country, I was ignored by staff who would only greet the non-Asians. During check-in, no one offered to take my suitcase to my room. My local friend was carrying it for me, but we felt ignored because we weren't westerners. No one showed me my room and the elevator system was quite confusing. Only the female staff helped me out, what's wrong with the male staff?The hotel itself is sleek looking and has decent views of Shanghai. The location is a tourist trap, most of the stores on Nanjing Lu are overpriced. Too many hawkers, scammers, etc. on the streets.The morning buffet was pretty good and a bargain considering it was the same price for a room service breakfast.	
Oct 21 2007 	Wonderful to come back to at night	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for two nights, three days while touring around Shanghai. We asked for a higher up room when checking in at received floor 43 (there are a total of 60 something) which we were very happy with. We also got a great view of the TV tower. The rooms are not big by any means, but everything in the room was very efficiently arranged so you didn't feel as though you were staying in a small room at all. The bathroom was great, the rain shower was very relaxing, the temperature of the water could go very hot and the water pressure was very strong if needed. The only thing I would say about the bathroom is that it is all very open concept (i.e. the door for the room where the toilet was did not travel all the way up to the ceiling) so something for families to consider if sharing a room. I personally found the service at this hotel very good, I did not experience any of the issues that the most recent entries allude to. Then again, I don't speak Mandarin so if staff were saying things about me, I would have had no idea. The gym/sauna/steam room/pool area were great, I would definitely recommend travelers to this hotel to check it out. We ate at the buffet for lunch one day, and thoroughly enjoyed it - after lots of experimenting with local foods, it was great to have a break and get some great food that you are used to. All in all a great hotel that I would totally recommend to anyone.	
Oct 8 2007 	Great experience but not the best	stayed for 5 nights early October. Lots of confusion over choice of room, i booked a Grand Deluxe and was promised an upgrade but forgot about it when checking in and was told at reception that I have already been upgraded to a Grand Deluxe, so thought it was a good deal. anyway a Grand Deluxe is only a higher floor, from 28th floor up. REalised that they say to lots if customers at reception...that you have been upgraded. 1st room was at a corner and really small, did not like it and was changed to a nomal Grand Deluxe room. after 2 nights realised that I was actually not upgraded after i checke my confirmation slip and since i was too lazy to change room and pack, asked reception if i could be offered drinks/b'fast instead of chnaging rooms. Service at reception is very poor (if you compare it to Bali, Bangkok, S'pore) but they were kind enough to offer me a junior suite which I very kindly accepted for the next 3 nights.One thing about Chinese service staff, once they think you do not understand the language, they tend to talk among themselves and since I undertsand about 70% of what was said, it was not very pleasant. Reception staff was alluding to the fact that I was a 'fussy' customerOverall a very modern hotel, stylish and rooms are extremely modern. (kinda like the new Hiltons in Bangkok and KL) rooms are small bet very good use of spaceate at Italian restaurant and the hotel Cafe, average food. used the gym once and that was very good, very modern equipment.Location is superb on Nanjing Rd and walking distance to the Bund. I got a really good rate of RMB1200 so if i can get this rate in Shanghai again, would stay here.	
Oct 6 2007 	Modern but has some work do to with service	I stayed 5 nights a the Royal Meridien and i recommend this hotel to young people that care more about style and cool bars then to people wanting excellent service. The hotel is really impressive with its bars and general atmosphere but it lacks in terms of service. For example i had to wait for a long time for my in-room breakfast (ordered it the day before) and then i tried the breakfast at the restaurant the next day but the service were slow there as well. Same thing when i checked in and asked for a non smoking room and they gave me a smoking room so i had to get down to the lobby to change room. Not big issues and chinese people are just not used to give a 5-star service yet but if you can stand these things i would recommend it.	
Oct 1 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Probably the best hotel we stayed at in China.The rooms were excellent and had great views of the city. The breakfasts were great and for one of our nights we ate in the Italian restuarant - which was excellent.Some of family had spa treatments and we all enjoyed the gym and pool facilities.	
Sep 28 2007 	Wonderful stay	Stayed for 3 nights in Sept '07. Great service from the moment we stepped off the taxi, the luggage boys were helpful and we had a staff take us up to the reception (so we didn't have any problems at all with the lifts as some reviews mentioned).Well designed rooms, clever use of space by the designers. Not an inch was wasted and the room felt spacious and comfortable. It made me want to stay in the room and not leave!We had dinner in the French restaurant on the lobby floor. Superb food/service although expensive in Shanghai terms. Buffet breakfast was a downfall, although the menu changed slightly each day the overall selection was not good and not worth the price. Overall, excellent hotel. Will definitely come back.	
Sep 21 2007 	Spectacular	Just opened - flawless hotel. Excellent location. Wonderful attention to detail in room design.	
Sep 21 2007	Wonderful experience	We stayed at the Le Meridian in April 2007 and had a lovely time. I am platinum level on Starwoods so perhaps the service was above average. Other reviewers have hit the highlights of this hotel. I have been to China more than a dozen times for business and this was one of my nicest hotel experiences. Swimming by myself in the infinitity pool on the upper level as the sun came up was a treat. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Sep 3 2007 	No complaints at the Le Royal Meridien Shanghai	I'm a Platinum Starwood and elite member with several other programs. The Le Royal Meridien in Shanghai exceeded all my expectations and I can only look forward to a return trip. Opened in 2007, the hotel is a modern skyscraper and immaculate. Location is in the middle of Shanghai and convenient by subway or taxi to any location.My upgrade to suite on the concierge/club floor was perfect. Rooms was well layed out with a plasma (plus dvd player) is on a swivel that turns completely around for viewing from bed or couch. The bathroom was great with a tub and seperate shower - the large rain shower head and hand held were a nice relief after a hot day. The club lounge had a nice breakfast every morning (I did not notice the cook station for omelette's and more? around the corner from the cereal/fruit bar until my last day) as well as a good layout of food in the evening. Drinks were complimentary all day. The infinity pool that I had all to myself on both occasions is great and the gym is adequate. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I left an envelope of cash with the front desk for delivery from my tailor. Clothes were hanging in my room when I returned. If I had one complaint, it would be the multiple elevators needed to reach rooms but is expected in a skyscraper hotel.	
Aug 31 2007 	Excellent	Amazing views of the city from the restaurant of the executive floor. Impressive decoration on some of the halls and rooms. Very good breakfast buffet.	
Aug 30 2007 	Definitely a good choice	Just back from staying at Le Royal Meridien Shanghai. Here are the good points:The location is very good - near shopping, restaurants and the Shanghai history museum. L'Occitane amenities - lovely verbena shampoo/conditioner, shower gel, body lotionFast room service - ordered tom yam soup, arrived in 15 minutes.Pleasant staff - polite and efficient, but did not seem genuinely concerned.Very clean - spotless rooms.Club floor - PC's with free internet access, 24 hour complimentary drinks... snacks during regular hours.Flat screen and DVD player - plus lots of cable channels to choose fromHere are the cons:Breakfast on Club Floor very ordinary. Just the usual stuff: pancakes, congee, eggs...Possible problems with water quality - after 2 days in Shanghai, I started to develop a terrible rash on my face. It could have been due to the general toxic haze of pollution that blankets the city, but if you have sensitive skin (and I don't), I suggest you rinse your face in bottled water just to be sure.So in summary, the Le Royal Meridien is definitely a good bet in Shanghai. Didn't like the city AT ALL, but would recommend the hotel to anyone going there.	
Aug 23 2007	Fantastic Hotel	This is a great hotel. Band in downtown. The back entrance opens onto the shopping street, where you can only walk. Rooms are excellent. Try and get a high floor room. You are literally at the top of Shanghai. Service is excellent. Very good security and there are staff members everywhere to help you. Price is also not too bad. Would highly recommend staying here.	
Aug 22 2007	Above Average but not flawless	Stayed at the meridien for 4 nights in august and I have mixed feelings about this hotel. Like most hotels in china they have enough staff to deal with the guests so check-in was quick and they always have people to direct you to the nearest elevator (no problem using them, its normal to have many elevators on hotels with 65floors like this one and I dont mind having to use the room key to go up as it is a nice safety feature). The buffet restaurant has a lovely selection of food and lovely desserts, but I thought breakfast could have more selection compared to some other hotels I have stayed in china. The quality of all equipments in hotels and in room is quite good. Stayed at a grand deluxe room on the 43rd floor and the view was great but we thought the room was large enough but at the same time, it could be a bit more comfortable. As soon as we walked in we thought the room smelled a bit &quot;humid&quot;. Then we understood why. There is a very nice large GROHE curtain shower head in the bathroom in the same area with the bath tub. The whole floor of that area is wet when you are taking a shower which is harder to dry compared to a normal bathroom. Its comfortable to take a shower overlooking shanghai but at the same time, I like to have a towel on the floor while exiting the tub instead of a slipery wet floor.I am not sure I like the room layout with this bathroom / room connection (at least not like this).The restaurants are lovely but very overpriced according to china standards. The bar on the 65th floor offers some of the best views in shanghai. For its excellent location, right in nanjing road, I would probably go back but not without checking what other options I could find in shanghai.	
Aug 22 2007	Great Stay at a Price	Stayed at the Le Meridian as well as the Four Seasons and JC Mandarin during this trip. Great Room moderate value relative to some other hotels.Location: The Le Meridian is located on Nanjing road. This is good or baddepending on what you're looking for. Nanjing is always busy and crowded with people. Lot of low and middle end shops to explore. If you stand out as a tourist you should expect to be approached by folks. Can be annoying when you get approached by so called &quot;local students&quot; looking to have you spend money at an expensive tea house. Walking distance to the Bund.Room: The Le Meridian room is new. Modern studio style. Looks like a modern bachelor pad. Plasma TV. Walk in shower with window into the living area so you can watch tv through the window while taking a shower. Great room with good view.The Le Meridian had a lot of folks but The Le Meridian had a lot of folks but and had good service as well but didn't seem as mature as the Four Seasons.Cost/Value: Le Meridian ran 1650 RMB through their website. Four seasons was cheaper if you stay longer.	
Aug 21 2007 	Fabulous hotel!	Just returned from a long weekend at Le Royal Meridien with two friends. We found a great deal through a local travel agent (HK$3,200 for flights + 3 nights) and although we read the reviews before booking, were still really impressed by the quality and location of the hotel. The whole look and feel is ultra modern and luxurious. The rooms are comfortable, the rain shower is amazing, the pool is bright but tranquil with comfortable loungers and the 66th floor bar is a must-see (girls...try the Coconut martini, served by male models shipped in for Ladies night each Friday)! There's a great little gift shop in the lobby, which sells everything you'd find in Shanghai Tang for a fraction of the price. Pick up a copy of &quot;That's Shanghai&quot; (free local mag) for local restaurant and bar listings. There didn't seem to be much to visit other than the museum, the old town and the Bund (give the tunnel a miss). If you're looking for great dumplings, go to Din Tai Fung in Xintiandi!	
Aug 15 2007 	Loved it!	We stayed for 5 nights in a Deluxe Club room which included breckfast. The rate with taxes seemed pretty high to us (about A$320 a night) and I had some concerns as to whether we'd get value for money, but in the end we went with the Trip Advisor recommendations and went for it. We were so glad we did! This hotel is fantastic. The room was spacious, the view fabulous, the bed comfy, the toiletries (L'Occitane) wonderful, the in-room tea selection great. The non-smoking floor really was non smoking. In some hotels I can take or leave the Club facilities but in this hotel they were of a very high standard. We had breckfast in the Club room every morning overlooking the Bund and the food selelction was great. Evening cocktail hour provided a nice selection of canapes, pastries and drinks - they were generous with their food which is always a nice thing. Internet facilities in the Clube lounge are free. The staff service was excellent, they really went out of their way to assist us in every way possible, and this included the posting of three very large and unweildy packages - they provided boxes, packing materials, tape and information regarding postage, and took the boxes to the post office for us after we checked out.A lot of people who have written reviews here have had issues with the position of the lobby and the various elevator banks needed to get from one section of the hotel to the next. Really, its not a big deal - certainly not big enough to warrant NOT staying at the hotel.Would I return? Can't wait!	
Aug 6 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	We were originally booked to stay at the Westin Hotel but changed to the Le Roayl Meridien because friends advised us that the location was more convenient which it certainly is. The hotel is lovely but you must like modern as opposed to a traditional decor. Other reviewers complained about the lobby not being on the main floor. This is common in many hotels throughout China. The hotel check in was fast and convenient. However even in a five star hotel many staff behind the reception desk do not understand English. They are friendly, however communicating was difficult. When we asked the concierge for the location of a store that was located about 300 feet from the hotel, no one knew of the store or could tell us where it was. I read that the standard room was small and I thought it would not be that big a problem however it was. We had five suitcases for two people and we could only fit one suitcase in the closet. The room lacks space to put anything away. The sink allows room for a toothbrush and that is about it. The shower in the standard room is impossible to use because the water flows right onto the floor with no ledge to prevent the water from flowing all over the bathroom. We asked for an upgrade and after several hours of arguing they finally moved us to another room. If you are traveling alone and have a minimal amount of luggage the standard room is fine. It is not comfortable for two people. The buffet breakfast is amazing, the food in the same restaurant for lunch was average. The pool and gym are also excellent. The hotel has an abundance of staff who stand by the elevators to greet you and push the elevator button for you. What we found uncomfortable was when you eat your meals, several staff stand inches from your side the entire time. The waiter did not leave our side until we placed our order and someone stands at your side to fill your water glass at all times. We could not get them to understand that we needed some privacy during the meal. When we went to check out we called ahead of time to have our luggage picked up. No one came to get the luggage. We callled two more times and still no one came. We took our 5 suticases down to the lobby ourselves. The bell boy loaded one suitcase into the cab for us and when we tipped him $2.00 US, he gave us a very dirty look. Most of the staff at the hotel were very polite, however they have to improve their service. Considering the ratio of staff to hotel guest, there is no excuse for having to transport our own luggage. Our friends stayed at the JW Marriott and they recommended that hotel. They also need to find staff who speak english and can assist tourists and not just Chinese businessmen. Even though we enjoyed our stay, with so many 5 star hotels to chose from, I would try another hotel instead.	
Jul 27 2007 	Excellent all round	I booked this hotel through a travel agent, and emailed the hotel directly for airport pickup (for RMB600), they promptly replied within hours and someone was there waiting for us when we exit from the arrivals area. The ride took about 50mins and upon arriving at the hotel, a hotel rep greeted us and escorted us to our room and showed us all the amenities for our suite (with excellent english!) The room was huge with a plasma TV that could swirl around 360 degrees from the bed to the sitting area. One incident occured to me (which made me understand why LeMeridien tops the many other 5 star hotel in Shanghai). There was a long taxi queue waiting outside the hotel (weekend and raining at 6.30pm!) by the look of the queue, we had to wait at least 30mins, however, the bell boy suggested that we could share a limo (Audi A6) with 2 other passenger for 20RMB each, of course we gladly accept! On returning from another 5*hotel, there was - of course again a long taxi queue, and at 10.30pm, the metro is already closed, and everyone started getting annoyed and totally ignored the queue, the bell boy just couldn't handle the situation and disappeared!! I went into the hotel and complained and asked how much would it cost to hire a limo, they quoted me RMB400 (Taxi would only cost 16RMB!!) and told me theres ALWAYS a long queue and they cant do anything about it!!! It just shows they dont care if theres a war outside whereas LeMeridien offered us a quick solution!The hotel's location is excellent, right next to People Square and the shopping of Nanjing Road, the hotel floors starts at 11 and below the hotel is a department store and theres a supermarket on the ground floor where you can get some water, snacks etc (A bottle of Evian is 45RMB in the hotel!)Breakfast has plenty of choices and I ordered room service once and food arrived in 20mins.This is really the hotel to stay in Shanghai!	
Jul 27 2007 	Can't beat the location	I stayed at this hotel while it was still in a trial operation period, so the package (air/hotel) I got from HK was excellent value. The location of the hotel is amazing, right at the west end of the Nanjing Road pedestrian walk. It is also just a three minute walk from the People's Square subway stop where two major subway lines intersect. So it is possible to take the highspeed train from the airport in Pudong, change to the subway and reach the hotel for about 80RMB, half what a taxi would cost and if luggage is not an issue. However, because it is relatively new, and that its front lobby is sort of out of sight, off to a side street, most cab drivers in Shanghai did not know where it is. Most cab drivers in Shanghai are not native Shanghaiese but that is a different topic all together. The room is very nice, love the shower/bath, and the layout is very well designed. It has a nice indoor pool and gym. I asked for fresh coffee cream (10%) at the lobby bar/restaurant, but got 18% table cream in a wine glass from the kitchen. On one hand, diary products are still foreign to Chinese and it was 10pm and not very busy. On the other, this is Le Royal Meridien. Well, at least the staff tried hard. I guess it justified my fantastic rates. I did try to show my SPG membership card, but never did get the points. I guess it is because I paid the travel agent, not directly to the hotel.	
Jul 20 2007	I love this hotel	This hotel is definitely a five star hotel in terms of service, amenities, decor, and location. Shanghai was the last leg of our China vacation and so we had a lot of places to compare it to. It is a five star hotel (by American standards). The entire staff speaks english fluently and are very helpful in guiding you around the city. We were upgraded to a high floor with absolutely amazing views of Nanjing Road, which is literally outside the hotel door. It was so relaxing here. It still had the new hotel feel to it and everyone was eager to please.The only criticisms that I would have is that taxis did not seem to know where this hotel was. It was frustrating to get into a taxi and try to explain where it is even when we gave them the hotel card. The good thing is the hotel is very distinctive looking -- just look for the building with flashing dotted lines. As other travellers mentioned, on the higher floors, you have to switch elevators -- but this is no big deal.Also, we were interrupted in the evenings several times by the staff asking if everything was alright. It is nice that they check on guests but annoying when you have to answer the door a couple of times a night.	
Jul 20 2007 	An Absolutely Wonderful Experience!	I spend about 250 nights a year in hotels and The LeMeridien Shanghai is one of the best hotel's I've stayed in. Not only is the property brand, spanking new, but it's in the heart of virtually everything you'd want to do during your visit to Shanghai. The staff is simply wonderful and caters to your every beck and call. If you're a Starwood Preferred Guest, you'll love the wonderful breakfast and evening buffet spreads. In addition, the design of the Royal Club Lounge makes relaxing an absolute pleasure. If you're going to Shanghai, stay at the LeMeridien-you won't be disappointed!	
Jul 15 2007 	Great Location	The best thing about this hotel was the room and the location. We were upgraded to a room on the 34th floor with a view of the city on both sides. The bath tub faced the Bund - it was amazing. The location is perfect. Good for walking right off the hotel door to major attractions and shops.On the down side, the hotel lobby feels very big. They have lots of employees directing guests as one tends to get a bit lost. Reception is on the 11th floor. One must take a few elevators to arrive at the destination. The Chinese restaurant is very good, the spa OK and the hairdresser a bargain ($10 for a hair wash and blow dry). The business center is expensive. We used an internet cafe near by in order to avoid silly prices for internet access.Overall I liked this hotel a lot. But the common areas are not cosy by any means. There's a lot of noise, music going on etc.	
Jul 15 2007 	Le Royal Meridien - THE place to stay in Shanghai	Quite simply, the Le Royal Meridien Shanghai is THE place to stay in Shanghai. Le Meridien has the perfect combination of a brilliant new property, outstanding service, and a terrific location, convenient located in the heart of Shanghai.During our four day stay we never had a worry. Our connecting room for our children was perfectly situated. Every request for service was immediately and accurately acted upon. The pool and exercise facilities are terrific.Pros- well appointed, new rooms- courteous service, greeted by staff throughout the hotel- great location for Nanjing shopping- diverse breakfast buffet, outstanding food - attractive pool and exercise facilitiesCons- hotel lobby located on 20th floor, must switch elevators at lobby level to get to guest rooms	
Jul 3 2007	Impeccable location excellent amenities	Le Royal Meridien caught my attention on the web when it first opened last November. We had a pleasant stay at the end of June for 4 days.First of all, the lift arrangement is not as complicated as some reviews indicated. one set of lifts from street level to the lobby floor, then two different sets of elevators to mid floor rooms, or higher floor rooms. There are ample staff at the lift foyer to show directions.The location of the hotel is central esp for those who want to have a first-hand encounterance with Shanghai, instead of staying remoted and tour shanghai from your private car windows. People's Square Station is just acorss the street, Nanjing Road pedestrian street is 2-min away. From the Bar 789 on 66th floor, you can enjoy one of the best panoramic views of shanghai. For Y2,500 you can have a private area for your group have drinks facing the Pudong/River view, if you have a party of 6-8 which is definitely worth it.The service- overall it is excellent-courteous and friendly, from the bell service to reception desk. Concierge is helpful. Housekeeping is friendly and helpful. They did a good job on the complimentary shoe-shine after a long day of walk in he rural side. The only flaw is a few of the female servers in the Le Bristrot display a poker face every morning!! The room is spacious, a good size desk facing the floor to ceiling window offer view of the city, for upgrade deluxe or Club you may have the Bund view.Open concept in washbasin area, many glass shelves for your personal toileteries. separate toilet and tub/shower.You can enjoy TV or the view of the city while you take a shower or bath by raising the electric blinds on the glass petition separating the bathroom and the sitting area. 42 LCD TV w dvd players. Bathrobe, ample space in closet/wardrobe. Immaculate hardware.The sumptuous breakfast at the Le Bistrot on the lobby floor offers a wide variety of food. The restaurant has ample of staff but not a very good start of a day with some unfriendly female servers.The price of lunch in the French restaurant is great, but not the food and service.Overall - as a 9-month old hotel, it is excellent. Yet time will prove if the excellence endures while many hotels in China ignore the importance of maintence.	
Jul 2 2007 	Splendid Hotel and Views Very impersonal service	Le Royal Meridien Shanghai is one of the city's best hotels, as far as food, design, location and architecture go. I's a place that's great to come back to, but lacks that personal touch and welcome that makes the difference between a great experience and an unforgettable one.Location: right in the heart of the city at People’s Square. The only other quality hotel in Shanghai that can claim that honor is the JW Marriott, but still the Le Meridien’s location is even more central. To the immediate north is the Nanjing East Road pedestrian street, a must stop for every visitor. Enjoy the great lights at night, but beware of the pimps that tout lady bars and other things just out the hotel’s back door. Just to the south is an old, pre-Revolutionary Christian church that’s fun to photograph, and next to that, Shanghai’s shopping mall for the masses, Raffle’s Plaza. Loads of restaurants, clothing stores, and even a Cold Stone Creamery there. To the west is People’s Park, with the Grand Theater, Urban Planning Museum (check out the huge model of Shanghai on the 3rd floor, where you can see every building in the main city area in miniature), Museum of Modern Art (MOCA), and the Shanghai Art Museum. The Shanghai History Museum is a 10 minute walk away at People’s Square, and that’s a place where one can spend several hours enjoying the well gathered exhibits. Under People's Square is a big clothing and fashion market that can be a lot of fun with the right crowd of girls.Restaurants: The buffets are really good all around, especially for Shanghai. Allure, the French restaurant, is managed by a very charming French woman, Fanny, and the food there is tasty and nicely presented, especially the white truffle soup. Try the business set lunch for a great value on 3 courses. The Chinese restaurant is nothing special, with my Chinese friends telling me that the food lacked the delicate flavors of real Guangdong dishes, and the Italian restaurant Favola has quality creations, but lacks “special.” I recommend an upgrade to the club floor to enjoy the all day drinks, afternoon tea, evening cocktails and appetizers; it’s a great deal.Rooms: Floor to ceiling windows overlooking the city; it’s romantic, fascinating, invigorating, and one of the things that makes this hotel so special. Just come on a day that the windows are clean. Rooms feel a little small, but are very comfortable with nice touches like fancy French toiletries, large LCD TVs, and cloudlike beds. The bathrooms are nice, except that the shower has a door stop in it that seems to have been strategically placed for toe stubbings. Tread softly. There are no places to hang towels in the bathrooms; I had to set mine on the rim of the bathtub and feel around to find it after my shower.Health Club: Great atrium style pool, idyllic terrace overlooking People’s Park, and super comfortable hot tubs in all the right places. The gym is a real gym too, one that makes working out look attractive. The thing I don’t like though is that the changing rooms are downstairs and a bit of a walk from the pool and gym. It feels strange walking down stairs, and then down a long hallway, all the while dripping wet and a little chilly from the very cold air conditioning. Complaints: This hotel has about 700 rooms, and it sure feels like it. Staff seem busy and preoccupied, with a no nonsense business-like air about them. The smiles don’t feel much different than those one gets at the office; lots of politeness, but little sincerity. Even though the surroundings are incredible, I miss genuine smiles and a staff who seem happy I’m there. As it’s still a new hotel, it’s likely that Le Royal Meridien Shanghai will mature into the fantastic place it’s meant to be. It just might take another year or two.	
Jun 28 2007 	Fantastic	Stayed here for 7 nights when on businessStayed at a club room, which was well worth it as the buffet and drinks all day are superbThe leisure faclities are one of the best i have seen. Hot tub looking over the Shanghai skyline is picturesqueRoom was very nice also with fantasic shower and nice 42&quot; plasmaLocation is the key tooOnly downfall was the series of lifts needed to use to get around hotel bt you get used to it after a whileOverall truely great experience	
Jun 5 2007 	Great Hotel	This hotel has got to be in the best location in Shanghai , very central to Nanjing Rd and the Bund, although taxi is very cheap in Shanghai, its nice to be able to walk to many attractions. Hotel is brand spanking new, rooms are spacious and ultra modern. Luxurious beds and linens. Breakfast is vast and caters for all tastes and most nationalities. The bar in the 66 floor is a must, the most spectacular views of the city and great cocktails too their snacks menu could improve though. Dont bother going to the Grand Hyatt cloud 9 for drinks if you are staying at this hotel because the view is better from the 66 floor of the Le Royal Meridien. Grand Hyatt is too high and very small windows which restrict the view. Nice indoor pool also and Gym. One of the best chinese restaurants in Shanghai is in the hotel but unfortunantly we did not have dinner there, we arrived too late and the restaurant closed at 10pm. The fish tanks just before you enter the restaurant are awsome!	
Jun 3 2007 	Top of the Line	This top of the line hotel, a few blocks from the riverfront Bund area, did not disappoint. Our club level room on the 55th floor provided a magnificent view of the city lights (through the smog) and was perfectly appointed. We couild not have asked for better service from the attentive staff. Breakfast each morning on the 44th floor club level provided another perspective of the city skyline. The open bar and hors d'oevres available each afternoon made the extra expense a bargain, if that word can be used in connection with a hotel of this caliber. We did negotiate a significant price concession for 3 rooms over a 4-night stay.We found the dim sum restaurant at the hotel to have a huge variety of dishes for lunch. An evening meal at the top rated M on the Bund, a rooftop restaurant, left us disappointed. We much preferrred Ye Shanghai in the French concession area--a sort of Georgetown in China, where the massive construction underway throughout the city does not intrude.The staff has some difficulty with English, but the government's recent emphasis on English in the schools should help with this problem over the next several years. We were surprised to find the computers for Internet access were using apparently unauthorized versions of the Windows operating system. Overall, a great stay.	
May 12 2007 	Now in full swing	I have stayed in this hotel twice now.First in nov, second in apr.In november i was only there for a day, hotel rooms and amenities are better than can be inspected.U dont have to ask for things to be sent to room such as iron and ironing board, umbrella etc. Deco and design make this hotel look stunning. 42inch tv is very nice. As is the bathtub and rainshower... Staff were very confused in november, but not suprising considering the hotel just opened. Seems to have changed now, my check in was efficient and staff were helpful and willing to talk.I headed back to the westin after my nov visit but after this visit the meridien is my hotel of choiceMy SuggestionsBusiness travelers: Get a royal club room. If u are meeting anyone for business you can use their 8 person meeting rooms in the club floor for 2 hours complimentary.Long Stay: standard rooms seem a little small unless if your in and out. executive suite are a nice and comfortable size.	
Apr 25 2007 	Simply the best!	Though it has only been open just over 6 months, Le Royal Meridien must be the premier hotel in Shanghai. It is big (and tall at 66 storeys), beautiful and perfectly located. And incredibly for such a young hotel, the staff are almost uniformly efficient and friendly.The rooms are gorgeous and functional (though a few more drawers would have been nice) and the views incomparable.The spa and fitness center are world class.The main restaurant buffet is excellent but the restaurant that will be winning awards is Allure (French cuisine).I can't think of anything that is wrong with this hotel!	
Apr 25 2007 	Great location good hotel facilites only fair service	Stayed here the first time though passed by last October. Location is excellent: at the start of Nanjing Pedestrain Street and the edge of People's Square. Close to Subway stations, and taxis are not too difficult to come by. Hotel is still very new (opened in Sept 2006?), so facilities are in good shape. Rooms are fair in size, though I find the room at the JW Marriott (similar skyscraper across the Square) bigger. 42&quot; LCD is a nice touch. Bathroom is now an area within the room, without formal partition. Shower and bathtub are combined into one compartment, with &quot;rainfall-type&quot; shower, and a DEEP and LONG tub (VERY nice touch). The &quot;compartment&quot; is only separated with the living area by a glass, so you could be fully visible to whoever's in the room (don't worry, there's a curtain should you want more privacy). Toilet is in another compartment. I personally prefer the bathroom be in a completely separated room. Private business IS private business, afterall. I got a so-so view of the Square on a lower floor, but views from the high floors are excellent, as I checked out from the 66th floor bar/lounge. Service quality is so-so. Always got this sort of poor attitude from Chinese hotels. That was especially evident from the Concierge and the service people at the lobby restaurant.Lift arrangement is also a hassle. It always seems to be a bit confusing which lift goes where.But with all that taken into account, considering the location and the quality of the facility, it was a great price I paid. Cheaper than JW Marriott / Westin / Ritz-Carlton.	
Apr 22 2007 	Private holidays in the centre of Shanghai	I stayed here beginning April, 5 for 5 nights.For the additional comfort of the Royal Club Lounge located on floor 44 and personal Butler service I decided for a Royal Club room. The service is top-end and I enjoyed this stay very much.Because of 138 Royal Club rooms they offer a good breakfast with a lot of different choices at the spacious Royal Club Lounge.I missed a bit a typical chinese breakfast. The buffet breakfast was a typical french Meridien breakfast and I missed the local influence.From 5.30 pm to 8 pm they offer a Cocktail hour with warm and cold snacks, pastries and chocolates. There is also a good beverage presentation offering international vines, Moet&amp;Chandon Champagne, Cognac, Cocktails...Personal Butler service includes packing and unpacking of clothes, personal wake-up call with coffee at your room and concierge services. There are also computers with free internet access at this lounge. During the day, they offer beverage service with coffee or tea and non-alcoholic drinks.The room itself is spacious (38 sqm.) with open bathroom and separate toilet.The location is the best for tourists because it is directly on the most famous shopping street, Nanjing Road.I tried &quot;Ai Mei&quot; Restaurant for chinese meals and &quot;Allure&quot; for French gourmet cuisine. At chinese restaurant, prices are on a lower level with very good value for money.The french restaurant is upscale, more personal service and, of course, higher prices than the chinese restaurant.The bar is located on three top floors with panoramic views and a good choice of Martini cocktails.It was a memorable stay for me and I highly recommend this modern, french style and very luxurious hotel.	
Apr 17 2007 	Great hotel excellent location - the place to stay in Shangahi	Stayed here on my second trip to Shangahi (last time stayed at Westin Bund Center). Very happy overall with the hotel. It's in an excellent location downtown close to the subway and other major attractions. Since I'm a Platinum member with Starwood was upgraded to a suite on arrival on the 56th floor with great views of Shanghai and Tomorrow Square. Room was more like a Junior Suite than a suite, since the bedroom wasn't walled off but it was still very nice. TV did a nice swivel thing that rotated it 180 degrees from bed viewing to living area viewing. Bathroom was nice and updated with a very large shower and jacuzzi tub.I had access to the lounge and it was nice, though food spread was a bit disappointing for what I has experienced at other Starwood top tier hotels, but still great. Staff was excellent and extremely accommodating. A bellboy even walked with my partner over to a tailor about 15 minutes away to get his pants hemmed and translated. Very helpful and very genuinely nice people.I would definitely stay here again, though its a tough choice between Le Royal Meridien, St. Regis and Westin Bund.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great Hotel	I've stayed at numerous hotels in Shanghai over the last few years from the Grand Hyatt, The Westin and The Portman Ritz Carlton, and the LMR is truly top of list. I'm a business traveler and this hotel not only caters to the globetrotting businessman but would also be a fantastic hotel for a holiday get-away or leisure traveler. The hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the Bund right on Nanjing Rd and adjacent to the People's Park. There are three subway stops nearby; one within about a 100 yard walk from the entrance to the hotel. In terms of location this hotel is very well the best situated in the area from my perspective. Outside of the hotel lobby are several restaurants and cafes including a Subway. The hotel itself can be summed up by one word: Grand. The lifts were not as confusing as some previous reviews indicate although there are not a set of elevators that serve all floors. The rooms were extremely functional, contemporary and pleasant. The windows span one entire wall of the room and are floor to ceiling which when paired with a room on the east side of the hotel give a wonderful view of Nanjing Road, the Bund and even PuDong. Rooms contain large plasma televisions, rainforest showers, extremely comfortable beds and efficient desks which face the large window. There are several restaurants in the hotel. I enjoyed the breakfast buffet served in the all-day dining restaurant adjacent to the main lobby. My favorite restaurant in the hotel is an Italian restaurant called Favola. I ate dinner there four nights of my trip, and given my knowledge of Shanghai and great eateries, this is a fantastic accolade to the staff, the food and the ambiance of the restaurant. I actually enjoyed staying in at the hotel. They have great leg of lamb and have a great selection of flat crust pizzas. While the wine list was sufficient, I was a bit surprised that they lacked what I would describe medium priced wines. They had a lot of choices sub-$100 and many listings +$500, not a lot in between which surprised me for such a great hotel. The staff at the restaurant is why I returned so many nights in a row. They were quick, responsive and extremely cordial. I had many great conversations with the wait staff as well as the hostess. The hotel also has a very nice spa and fitness center. While I did not use the spa, I did take a tour and based on appearances it reminded me of the spa at the Westin Hotel in Shanghai. The fitness center was great, clean and kept at a pleasing temperature which is something that many hotels do not pay attention to. They have a very nice lap pool; bring your goggles, they don't have any to rent and it will set you back $30 to purchase a pair. At the top of the hotel is a three story bar that offers amazing 360 views of Shanghai. It’s a great place to kick back with a drink and a cigar after a long day at the office or visiting business partners. Pros:- Great staff and friendly, efficient rooms with great beds.- Well decorated.- Great location in PuXi- Favola restaurant and the fitness center.Cons:- Buffet was a little expensive for someone who eats a small breakfast. There is a coffee shop adjacent to the main lobby entrance to the hotel if your breakfast is a simple coffee and bagel or muffin.- It can be inconvenient at times to have to use different sets of elevators to move about the hotel from the main entrance up to the 65th floor. My recommendation is to use the same sets of elevators during your whole stay.	
Mar 13 2007 	Minor flaws but overall a great stay!	Stayed here for 4 nights in early March on business. Hotel is ultra-modern and very beautiful. Rooms are immaculate and the beds are other-worldly. Location on Nanjing Rd. is prime. Only a few minor flaws: The lobby is located on the 11th floor and rooms are located on 20 - 65. However, the trip to your room could require 3 separate elevator rides depending on your location. The shower head placement is awkward in some bathrooms and there are just too many greeters (perhaps some will like the extra attention). Overall, this was a wonderful hotel and a great springboard for our exploration into Shanghai. They also arranged a great tour of Shangha for us.	
Mar 2 2007	Gorgeous but price varies	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in February 2007 at only $100USD per night (which we found through a Hong Kong based travel agent from a website that is the equivalent to those online hotel discount websites based in the U.S., which had it at $200USD per night. The hotel room was large, clean, very modern and definitely a bargain for the $100 per night. View from the floor to ceiling windows was great (despite the cloudy weather). Housekeeping needs were fufilled very quickly upon a phone call, the front desk staff are professional, proficient and friendly. Location of the hotel is very good. It's true you need a different set of elevators to go to the rooms, but there is always someone there to direct you to the right set of elevators and it isn't rocket science. We had a tour guide and car for the three days so cannot comment on proximity to mass transit. Hotel restaurants seemed overpriced and never were clear as to whether the 15% &quot;service charge&quot; was considered gratuity for the waiter or not.	
Mar 1 2007 	great hotel	Just returned from a six day stay at le royal meridien shanghai. What a great hotel. Will definately stay here again. Fantastic location, lots of things to do and see within walking distance. (although taxis are very cheap if you want to venture further) We didn't have any problems with taxi drivers finding the place as some have mentioned previously. Also the lifts were never a problem as there was always staff there to help. (but they didn't take much working out anyway) Excellent, friendly service from hotel staff. I don't think they could have possibly been more helpful. (They even have an outdoor heater to keep customers warm whilst you are waiting for them to call you a taxi!) Rooms are very modern with plasma tv and dvd player. Great views from floor to ceiling windows. Only down side was that we found there was not quite enough storage space for clothes.We had a club room which gave free internet use in the club lounge. Also snacks and drinks throughout the day. Good for afternoon tea and cakes, and pre dinner drinks!Also, we booked the hotel car to pick us up from the airport and although our flight arrived an hour early the driver was there to greet us. Overall very impressed.	
Mar 1 2007	Good Hotel Good Location	I recently stayed at this brand new hotel for business and would definitely recommend it to other business or leisure travelers. The rooms are nice and modern although a bit smaller than I expected. Some nice surprises about the rooms: see through glass window between the shower room and bed room; good reading lights on the bed and L'Occitane amenities. The only complaint I have about the room is the bed which is too soft for me. The biggest advantage of this hotel is its location. It's located at Nanjing Road and close to People's Square where you can find abundant shopping and restaurants.The buffet breakfast has a wide selection of food but the quality is so so.	
Jan 29 2007 	Brand spanking new hotel decent location	Stayed in Le Royal Meridien a month after its opening. The hotel takes up the top half of an office tower, with a shopping centre block at the base of the tower. The interior is modern - although the design might perhaps be better served by a little more understatement. The location next to the People's Park is excellent - the hotel is right next to a major Metro station as well as one of Shanghai's major shopping streets. Being so new, it is a good idea to keep the hotel number on speed dial in case you need the concierge to direct your taxi driver.Service was attentive, although English competence was at best functional in most of the staff. (I have made the point before that anyone with better English would probably be working in better-paying jobs, so the situation is not intolerable) Staff were eager to please and very attentive, although there were some kinks to be sorted out e.g. when I checked out no one knew what to do with the Express Checkout card I passed to the reception.The room had a decent view and was reasonably sized. It was outfitted with a plasma TV and all the other features that one would expect from an international 5-star hotel chain.	
Jan 24 2007	Excellent 6 star hotel in a the best location	We stayed here for 6 nights. Great hotel, fabulous location for shopping and eating. Food is cheap and of an excellent standard. You can safely eat at restaurants outside the hotel. Hotel food was good too---but nothing fantastic. I would rather eat the real chinese food outside. The rooms are comfortable and we were on a high floor so the views were sensational. The huge plasma was just great for the kids. We went by taxi everywhere and it was not expensive at all. Go to Old Town and eat in the famous restaurant upstairs where they serve the best dumplings in town. They also sell these beautiful dumplings on the ground floor through a little window (It's not the teahouse on the lake). This is shanghai's most famous dumpling restaurant and should not be missed. We enjoyed our stay in Shanghai and at this hotel. However, I think the staff lack experience for a 5 star hotel and you do need to spell everything out for them. Do not expect that they can meet unexpected needs quickly---eg., sheets for the sofabed for our kids--should have been there already. Extra towels for the kids everyday. Asking for directions anywhere is a bit irritating. Just be patient and don't be surprised how much time you have to wait for your questions to be answered--noone thinks independently in this hotel. They do speak english--the concierge Jimmy was excellent but not everyone can speak or understand english well. Overall, an excellent hotel that is beautifully appointed with a fantastic pool, spa and fitness centre. Rooms are very comfortable and quiet. I would stay here again but I would not expect the typical 5 star service. They try hard but they don't have the experience to make their service top notch. It's almost there but not quite.	
Jan 2 2007	modern and nice	A very nice hotel in an outstanding location at the beginning of the Nanjing road. Modern design everywhere, nice staff, very good buffet restaurant and great swimming pool.Room is ok but not as nice as Meridien Hong Kong.	
Jan 1 2007 	Fab hotel in fab city	Everything was perfect. At the start I was worried that I will get the same experience with FlyOneWorld with the pickup at the airport. But thankfully the hotel representative was present when I got out of the Customs counter. The trip to the hotel was uneventful, very smooth, and atleast the car was packed with the standard amenities. When I got out of the car, I was greeted by doormen who were eager to take everything from my hands. When I stepped in the hotel, I was greeted by one of the &quot;ushers&quot; (well I don't actually know what they are supposed to do) by my name. She then escorted me to the reception on the 20th floor. Check-in was smooth and everything seemed to be in order. Then even upgraded my room to a higher floor, with a fabulous view of the Bund and Najing Road. The room was also great, the size is okay, a little small compared to the other hotels I've stayed in, but it doesn't feel cramped, I guess the absence of walls enclosing the bathroom did the trick and the mirror doors of the cabinet makes the room feel bigger. Of course you have the 42 inch Plasma TV which is now a standard for all new/newly renovated hotel rooms. All the rooms have DVD players too which could come in handy for watching your new pirated DVDs...hahahahahaha. I also like the fact that they provide L'occitane products so I don't have to carry mine everytime I go there. Hotel breakfast is suffient, but quite redudant, I guess I'm used to breakfast buffet spreads here which could run for a week without a repeat of food (outside the standard, eggs, bacon, sauages and bread). Plus atleast they have provided bigger glasses for the juices, usually hotels provide small glasses for that.Then you have the 2 sets elevators, one takes you from the ground floor to the 20th floor lobby and one from the lobby to the rooms. There is another set of elevators that brings guests from the lobby to the lower floors that takes you to the function rooms and the outlets. On the 2nd day I found that there were 2 elevators that take the guests from the ground floor to rooms on the 40th floor and up. (but you cannot take them going down to the ground)When I was there taxis are quite familiar with the hotel already so I didn't experience alot of the problems the other reviewers experienced. The whole hotel experience was simply fabulous, though sometimes you would feel that the hotel is crowded because of the number of staff, at normal hours you would have about 4-6 people manning the elevator lobby, I don't even have to press the button because they would do everything for you....and sometime by the time you get of the elevator and reach the coffee shop for breakfast you would have greeted and been greeted &quot;good morning&quot; to at least half a dozen people.I would definitely stay here again...looking forward to go back to Shanghai soon!	
Dec 23 2006 	Re : Modern and Nice Hotel	Stayed for 3 nights at a Royal Club Room in December 06. This is a brand new hotel located in Nanjing Road, the prime shopping district of Shanghai. The hotel has a modern contemporary decor that is tastefully designed. I stayed during the low season so there weren't many guests. Most of the time, you seem to see more hotel employees then guests. The room is nicely appointed with modern decor though slightly on the small side. The bathroom design is a bit strange in that it is a open concept so while you walk into the room, you also walk pass and can see the washing basin, the bathroom and toilet. OK with me but some people might not like this layout. Room come with complete amenities and feature a 42&quot; plasma TV, spacious working desk, king size bed. Bathroom is well equipped with a deep soaking bathtub, overhead rain shower and L'Occitane toiletries. Moreover, most rooms have a good view of the Shanghai skyline. Mine come with a great view of the People's square and the Shanghai museum. Overall not much to complain about the room. To nitpick, internet connection is not really fast enough, the sound-proof is not that great ( can hear at night when doors were being closed hard ) and the water pressure could have been stronger. Room service menu lacks variety. The executive lounge ( called the Royal Club lounge ) is beautifully appointed and very chic and spacious. It is filled with comfortable sofas. There are 2 food presentations a day, which is breakfast and evening cocktail. And free drinks (non-alcoholic) throughout the day. I had most of my business meeting in the lounge since it is quiet and offers a lot of privacy. Like what many reviewers have pointed out, the hotel floor design is quirky. The main entrance hall is not along the hotel's address, and the lobby, entrance hall and restaurants are all on different levels. Couple that with a maze-like layout and 3 sets of lifts and many staircases, visitors and hotel guest get easily confused and loss. Fortunately, the hotel seems to be keenly aware of this problem and have their staff stationed at most common areas of the hotel and they are keen to help and give directions. So whenever I want to go anywhere within the hotel, I just asked the staff at hand for directions. Because it is winter, I ate mostly in the hotel's restuarants. The chinese restaurant food is very average althought not too expensive. The cafe serve a very good selection during lunch and dinner buffet and the price is very reasonable. One can see many locals also frequent the cafe for the buffet. Service is overall very good but inconsistent. Some staff are more polite and eager to help then others. The staff are the Executive lounge are among the best. Still, in a city that is well known for sub-par hotel service, this is miles better than the service we got from 3 to 4 star hotels in Shangahi. One more thing, if you can afford to pay higher, go for the hotel airport limousane service or rent a limousane from a car-rental company instead and avoid using local taxi. That's because most taxi drivers in Shanghai tend to drive like hell riders especially on a highway. Pudong airport is about 1 hour journey from the hotel and the risk of accident increases. My taxi ride from the hotel to the airport was rather nerve wrecking with several close calls until I was forced to tell the taxi driver and insist he slow down. If you don't mind the quirks, this is a above average hotel and deserving of its 5-star status. I will not mind staying there again.	
Dec 20 2006 	Great hotel	After the Peninsula in Bangkok, this is the best hotel I have stayed in. I had a corner room with the TV on a pull out swivel for the couch and the bed, a nice touch. The elevators are a little confusing, but there are more than enough hotel staff to guide you around. I found no problem with the quality of my bathroom. The bed is fantastic.As mentioned before though, be careful with taxi's. I had the address in Chinese for the taxi driver from SHA and he still got lost. The hotel website said the cost should be about 65 Yuan. Mine was 120 Yuan. I mentioned this to the bellman when he opened the door of the taxi for me. He quickly went to the driver and got the cost down to 80 Yuan. A job well done! I also think the driver took the long way because the driver back to the airport took a different freeway. They should all know how too at least get to Nanjing Road.	
Dec 19 2006	Doesn't Get Better than Le Royal Meridien	We stayed here for three nights in early November five weeks after it had opened. The rooms are exquisite in taste, design and comfort. I usually don't like buffets, but the dinner buffets were absolutely amazing. There is no question that we will stay here on our next Shanghai trip.	
Dec 16 2006 	A stylish place	I spent four nights on the club level. The staff was welcoming and the rooms large and well appointed. It is right on People's Square, with the subway just a short walk away, and the shopping of Nanking Road at the door. From my point of view it was a very conventient locaiton. My only complaint was the configuration of the elevators. You took one elevator from the ground floor to the hotel lobby, another one from the lobby to your room, and if you wanted to eat in one of the hotel restaurautns you need to go back to the ground floor and take yet another one up to the restauraunt level. That minor annoyance aside, I will come back next time I'm in Shanghai.As other reviewers have pointed out, the hotel is new and not evey taxi driver knows where it is so if you're planning on taking a taxi from the airport I'd email the hotel and ask for the hotel name and address in Chinese.	
Dec 13 2006	consistent and excellent design		
Dec 7 2006 	super place to stay		
Nov 28 2006 	Clean modern comfortable hotel		
Nov 21 2006 	Excellent Location for new comers		
Nov 14 2006 	Fantastic hotel still a few bugs		
Nov 13 2006 	Good location nice hotel		
Oct 31 2006	Highly impressed		
Oct 22 2006	A Grand addition to Puxi		
Oct 18 2006 	Pretty Good - Some Quirks		
Oct 15 2006	Le royal meridien		
Oct 15 2006	?????		
Oct 15 2006	???????????		
Nov 19 2009 	??????????		
Nov 17 2009 	????????????????		
Nov 10 2009 	???????????		
Nov 8 2009 	?????		
Oct 20 2009 	??????????		
Oct 18 2009 	??????		
Oct 17 2009 	Muy bueno		
Oct 8 2009 	?????		
Oct 3 2009 	????????		
Sep 24 2009	????????		
Aug 10 2009 	???????????		
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent hotel le meilleur à Shanghai		
Jul 24 2009 	???????????		
Jun 9 2009 	???????		
Jun 9 2009 	????????????		
Jun 2 2009 	Toujours parfait mais...		
May 27 2009 	?????		
May 24 2009 	Excellent hôtel		
Apr 20 2009 	veramente un grande hotel		
Apr 14 2009 	el hotel 11		
Mar 14 2009 	??????????		
Feb 26 2009 	???????		
Feb 24 2009 	???????????????????????		
Feb 10 2009 	un esperienza indimenticabile		
Feb 6 2009 	????		
Feb 5 2009 	???????????????		
Jan 24 2009 	???????????????????		
Jan 11 2009 	?????????		
Oct 30 2008 	???????		
Oct 14 2008 	?????		
Oct 4 2008 	???????????????		
Oct 1 2008 	???????????		
Sep 21 2008 	La grande classe !		
Sep 16 2008 	?????		
Sep 14 2008 	?????		
Aug 8 2008 	Super		
Apr 19 2008 	Würde hier immer wieder hinkommen		
Nov 8 2007 	Gute Lage exzellenter Service		
