Nov 2 2009 	Saved by the location	Originally booked with another hotel but because this was (highly) recommended by a friend, we've decided to give it a go. The hotel proved to be charming upon arrival with its colonial facade however, I was dismayed to be greeted by a waif of damp odour like an old hotel. But because my partner on the other hand was more hopeful than I was since we were booked for the Club Suite, we went along with it. My mood was immediately lifted when the lift door opened. The corridor was newly renovated and so was the room. It looked exactly how it was photographed on the website so that was a relief! The layout was sensible and very spacious which I appreciated, lighting was also sufficient. There was a letter of notification that renovation works are in place &amp; will take place between 9.30am to 4.30pm. Sadly, we were awoken by the incessant drilling &amp; knocking by 8am that went on what seemed like forever, which really disrupted our holiday. Another chief problem we had was the shower area. Even whilst showering, water seeped onto the floor outside the shower area. The bathroom was flooded throughout the whole time, there was so much water it didn't have enough time to dry. In short, if not for the ideal location this wing probably wouldn't be very popular because most reviews state 'quiet' but it wasn't at all. Besides the renovation, you can also hear the traffic whizzing by.	
Jun 14 2009 	Jin Jiang Hotel Outstanding	Hotel has great staff- Rooms in Cathy Garden wing are good size and very comfort. Location is within 2 blocks of stop on Subway line 1. Lots of Dept store shopping and custom taylor shops very close by. Parkson Dept Store with grocery within 5 blocks ( Has great Baked goods. Great Hotel- very good Shanghi location.	
Jun 12 2009 	Jewel in Luwan	Good: The best thing about this hotel is that it's in the heart of the french concession district and yet away from the noise, shopping and general new money flamboyance. Nestled in the midst of a bunch of art deco buildings, this is the cheaper of it's 2 other hotels. Interiors are classy and old world, Dark wood work, crisp white sheets. Very particular about their non-smoking rooms, unusual in China. Breakfast buffet is fantastic.Bad: Rooms are not particularly noise proof and the air-cons could do with some restoration. Stingy about drinking water.Bizarre: I could swear I heard someone vacuuming at 6 AM!	
Apr 15 2009 	Better than expected	Having read quite a few reviews, I didn't expect all that much but chose the hotel anyway based on location. What a pleasant surprise. A perfectly pleasant adn well-lit room with a nice, complimentary coffee/tea set up (Cathay Gardens Building), a workout facility that offered everything I required, an inviting lobby and a terrific location. While I did not need the staff for much beyond check in/out and a few taxis, I found them very helpful. The compound's well maintained grounds were a lovely oasis from the noise of the city just on the other side of the walls.	
Feb 25 2009 	What kind of management considers them?	Following our hotel reservation in Japan for our journey to Shanghai (China) from 15 to 18 February 2009. I have check in at the Shanghai Jin Jiang Hotel on 15 February 2009 and found it not informative and interesting as I expected of five star hotel standards. Unfortunately, my enjoyment of the event was spoiled by a number of management and organizational problems that seriously concern about a being in the risk of life threatening issues, suffered, accident and illness whilst on holiday that was on hotel fault with poor quality, poor management at Shanghai Jian jiang hotel.I explain each of the problems below.1- My godfather having accident at hotel lobby entrance due to door side glass with no propel caution lable that hardly possible to view at night or by elderly peoples as well no assistance by two door man who was standing at the door at the time of accident to instruct the guest even after accident do not give any help to injured guest who was down on the floor and injured by the head that cause serious bleeding and wounded eyebrows and blouses at behind of the head.2- Hotel was not offer any first aid emergency services as according to the hotel guest manager; this is a minor injury and is very common in this hotel. They do not receive any first aid medical care and thought have to wait and queue for taxi over 20 minutes at hotel lobby. They said they do not offer any transport for this kind of accident, they do not take any responsibility about guest who shelter in this hotel. After being arrive to hospital, hotel staff planning to leave the guest alone, even instructed them you have to pay by your insurance. However after being waited for 1 hour and complaint to the hotel management by phone and anger of guest about hotel services, he was treated by doctor in bill of hotel and hotel’s staff have instructed by his manager to pay for hospital bill. 3- After being treated by hospital, they leave them unattended and they have no knowledge about Chinese language, however they have managed to arrange the transport and back to hotel. After being arrived at hotel, they have received the simple apologies from the Hotel Cost Controller and he have offered them that they can received the free compensation for one night stay included compliment for dinner. But unfortunately the hotel management changes their mind by day after accident. They ask for full payment for dinner was offered by hotel management.4- Jin Jiang hotel is listed under five star hotel. I have paid the fee for being stay at five star hotel and being treated as five star hotel guest. But unfortunately, they have not given the services for what we have paid. Hotel should prepare for this kind of injury or simply call the ambulance. There is not hospitality in this hotel that being waited for taxi for injured guest. According to the hotel guest service manager; any way the guest; he’s alive and not dead yet. Thought the hotel general manager avoid to seeing us. What kind of management considers them?Benjamin	
Jan 9 2009 	Cathay Building...old and tired looking...a bit like the staff!	In my reviews i'm pretty balanced and generally a positive type however there were a few things about this hotel that really irked me which is why is got a 2 when it probably scraps a 3 but IMO the service was terrible.Firstly the good bits...top location, good value, local shopping street is really handy and close enough to walk (15mins) to the main shopping precinct in Shanghai (names escapes me). Our room on the 9th floor was spacious, well furnished, comy bed, looked over the courtyard and had a decent bath (always one of my prerequistes after a hard days sightseeing) so that's the good bits.The room decor although well furnished was looking a little tired. I don't mind the 'classic' look over the current trend for uber modern suites but it was cold and draughty. Housekeeping also was a little suspect and on 2 occassions entered our suite even when the DND was on. Our main issue was with the lack of English spoken at both the reception desk and business centre. We had 2 dramas, change of flight times (by a full day) and a lost camera, and on both occassion we received absolutely no help. The staff were always wanting to bring the manager to talk to us and couldn't perform simple tasks (e.g. we asked if they could talk to China Air rep in local dialect and they refused). The ladies in the business centre were rude and unhelpful. We also asked how to report our lost camera to the police as we needed a police report for the travel ins and they couldn't care less. We also asked them to call a local number to see if we had lost the camera whilst on the Shanghai day tour and the manager appeared at our room wanting to use our phone in the room.Overall, Shanghai was great and make sure you do the acrobats show as its amazing!	
Dec 2 2008 	Good Choice!!	We stayed here for 3 night and the end of our trip to China. The hotel have 3 different building, but we have no problen ,we stay at the Cathay Garden. The hotel is centraly located. Very nice decorated and rooms are very confortable. We enjoyed breakfast a lot of choices. The staff always have a big smile for you. They have diferent restaurants choices around the 3 building, but for me, the best was a Brazillean call LATINOS, great bar salad, great seafood bar and and steak.The only problen i find, is internet service is not included and around 16 dollars per day.I would however stay here again.	
Nov 20 2008 	Nice Hotel Good Location	Stayed in this hotel on a business trip for three nights.Very confusing as you do not know which of the three hotels on this site you are staying at but eventually found out it was the Cathay Garden.Room was very large and modern and very comfortable.Down side for my colleague was he was very close to the lift motor so found it very difficult to sleep and as we were pushed for time did not ask for a room exchange.English is very limited here but a few smiles do get you what you want in the end.Another thing is you do have to pay for the internet and with a hotel of this standard would have liked to think this was included.I would however stay here quite happily again.	
Nov 17 2008 	Good clean 	We were a group of six pax, We stayed in Cathay block of this hotel in executive rooms. This tip we got from Trip Advisor reviews. We were very happy to stay in this hotel. The Resturant opposite this block in the same hotel has 24 hrs. service &amp; served one of our best meals in our three weeks tour of China. Biggest difficulty is communication in English, no one knows the language enough to handle tourists. This facility must be improved. The house-keeping did not know 'Towel' ?! Enjoyed well spread breakfast &amp; hospitality. Should offer free internet facility &amp; better TV progms.	
Nov 16 2008	great hotel	stayed here for one night during a business trip, hotel booked by far east office so i wasnt sure what to expect!great hotel, clean and very comfy, great buffet and good valueonly downside for me was 'no smoking' room had lingering tobacco smell, but at 11pm I wasnt going to change rooms!hotel were flexible too - a mess up with the reservation meant they had me booked in for 2 nights not 1, but cancelled the second without issuethere are 3 towers of accommodation at the hotel - check which you're in before you arrive so you dont get to the wrong building on arrival!	
Sep 16 2008	very happy	stayed at jin jiang gardens shanghai 9- 16 sept 2008.first, disappointed when booking they do not tell you whichhotel you are staying in.thats all the bad i can say, i checked out today.the staff are a little limited on language, but they try.the service is exceptional,the rooms old world,clean,and comfortable.if you can tell me a better hotel,i will try it.very happy. Gavin Costello Australia	
Jun 22 2008 	A nice place to stay	JinJiang group has 2 hotels in the same area namely the JinJiang Tower Hotel and JinJiang Hotel. The JinJiang Hotel houses 3 building - North Tower (Bei Lou), VIP Tower (Gui Bing Lou) and Cathay Garden (Nan Lou a.k.a. South Tower) which operates like 3 different hotels. I had the opportunity to stay in all four buildings.The North Tower rooms a big, a little old but has lotsa character. but the set back is the breakfast room has a canteen feeling with make shifts banquent tables. The VIP Tower houses 1 bedroom suites and 2 to 3 room residence/apartments. I was told that this tower caters mainly to government officials, which explains all the black cars parked outside. The last trip in March I was put up in the one bedroom suite. The room exudes an opulent style of the old Shanghai. The bathroom is huge.The Cathay Garden is the only renovated block and although the room is smaller, it is very nicely done up. Simple but very stylish. However, the windows in rooms on 1st and 2nd floor facing the back are frosted. This is to block the back alley view. So ask for higher floor rooms. I say this block reminds me of some small boutique hotel or an expensive club house. It's the only block that has turn down service and puts a chocolate on the bed every night.Overall if my preference is the 1 bedroom in the VIP tower, then the room in the Cathay Garden and lastly the North Tower. As for the JinJiang Tower Hotel, when i stayed there a year ago, they started to renovate some rooms. The standard rooms are just very standard, but the deluxe is huge and that's all about it is. Breakfast was served at the revolving restaurant with a nice view of the city but not sure if this is still the arrangement.Nevertheless, I wouldn't hesistate to return again. It's close to shopping and 5 minutes walk to the efficient Shanghai Metro.	
May 24 2008 	Loved The Grosvenor House	I have stayed at the &quot;Old Jin Jiang &quot; several times since this first visit. It was recommended to me by a friend living in China and have since taken several colleagues there whenever we visit shanghai. Its old world charm never fails to impress and it is one of my favorite places to stay when visiting China, I have always enjoyed the food and the decor . I will be taking someone there again next week, it will be his first visit to China and I feel sure he will be impressed. If you want clinically clean and modern this is not the place for you. It is clean but has character and the staff are always courteous and extremely helpful. I do not speak Chinese but have never had a problem there.	
Feb 4 2008 	Nice and understated luxury at JJ Hotel Cathay Gardens	Impressive and a bit opulent ;-) but very nice in deed. The location is great if you’re into shopping at Huaihai Rd where you’ll find anything you like. Personally I’d prefer Nanjing Dong Lu but this was an official visit to Shanghai, so I couldn’t choose.We stayed at the Cathay Gardens part of the hotel.Rooms were cold (!) but I arrived in the middle of the worst snow for decades, and insulation is not what China is best at - so that could be expected. No heating was available. However, the duvets were warm, and the hotel provided good tea-making equipment to keep you warm.The interior of the design is bright and welcoming and the rooms are well laid out and quite large. The separate shower stall is nice to have in addition to the bath tub – I hate standing up in a tub.The breakfast buffet is very good with lots of fresh fruit and many hot options, Western, Chinese and Japanese – a good start of the day.The rates for internet access is lower than other hotels (90 RMB for 24 hours), but ridiculously this is only valid for cabled access as Wi-Fi is almost double the price. Not good enough!Would I stay here again? Definitely (if I chose to stay in this part of the centre).	
Oct 26 2007	Old but still a nice place	Stayed here at the end of a China Tour, I was in the Cathay Building which dates from way back but still offers a good level of service and accommodation.The room was fairly large with all the usual furnishings: chairs, TV, table, fridge, mini bar and safe etc. The furnishings including the beds are well made and comfortable, the bathroom is of a good size and had a very effective walk in shower, towels changed daily and plenty freebies. The room windows are the old style metal type which do open quite wide and may be dangerous for children, but the air conditioning worked well and so negated the need to open the windows much.The dining room (breakfast) is on the 11th floor and carries a huge selection of buffet style menus, plenty of choice for all tastes.I found the staff FAIRLY helpful, some did not have much English and occasionaly I felt they played on that.There is a very well equiped fitness area and swimming pool in an adjacent building, the pool is large and when I visited it was staffed.There are a good selection of shops quite close by and I felt the area was safe.	
Oct 17 2007 	Errvery mixed feeling	This is an old establishment in Shanghai in a very good location. However there are two wings if i am not mistaken and the cheaper and older wing is terrible by all accounts. I first booked two rooms via one website and we were led to this rundown building where one 'receptionist' was working behind a miserable table. The corridor outside the rooms looked something lifted out from a horror movie and the rooms we had had foul smell. This building looks more like a servant's quarter to me. I had to call the operator and requested for a change of room- which turned out to be the pricier rooms/suites at another building. The suites are very good.The staffs at the desk and the bell captains were mostly obnoxiously rude and unfriendly.	
Sep 14 2007 	Great Stay in Shanghai	When my company arranged for me to stay at this hotel I immediately checked the web for reviews. I was disappointed by what I read however I am happy to say I had an unexpectedly GREAT stay at this hotel. The room was clean, modern and comfortable. The bed was very comfortable, I slept well. The receptionist was pleasant and attentive to my needs. The bell staff was prompt and efficient. The buffet breakfast was fresh and there were plenty of choices. All in all I really enjoyed this hotel and I would stay here again.	
Aug 8 2007 	Scene out of the Exorcist	Stayed there for two nights. Seriously awful. I got in at about 11pm in the night and they gave me a room in the more historcal Cathay Garden. I tried to run myself a bath, and all these green water suddenly came gushing out of the bathroom and there was a massive flood all over the place. Reception wasn't very enthusiastic when I called for a change of room. Only after some prolonged reasoning, did they reluctantly get me a room upgrade to a bigger room in another building. (I was tired beyong tired) First floor and no view - a wall stared back at me when I opened the blinds. I would definitely recommend everyone to get breakfast at anywhere but the hotel cafe. If you are in Shanghai for business, think twice about the location. The streets are eternally filled to heavy traffic. It would take you about 35 minutes to get to Pudong business districts. Not withstanding taxi drivers cursing at you for dragging them to such a far-off location. Careful when you schedule your flight out. I tried to finish off my meetings in Pudong at about 5:00, thinking a half hour drive back to grab my bags then another half hour back to Pudong Airport should leave me sufficently cushioned for a 7:30 flight. No! It takes me two instead.	
Jun 15 2007 	Worth a look elsewhere	The only reason I stayed at the Jin Jiang for 2 nights was it's location. After my stay there I would have preferred to stay somewhere nicer and travelled.When checking in the girl behind the counter gave nothing but attitude, everything I asked for was an issue. Simple requests were always met with a sigh. Luckily the bell staff helped me out and were great. The room (in the Southern Building) was weird. The bathroom and shower room was larger that the bedroom/entrance room.The living area was more like a Motel than a hotel with only minimal facilities and the carpet was stained and dirty.The bathroom and shower were clean and neatThe restaurant and bar were OK, small and the service was slow. They divide the smoking and non-smoking dependent on who is there, I was sitting next to a non smoker table but when he left, four gentleman were seated and the no smoking sign removed.The location is not good if you are looking to sightsee (I was there for meetings).I would advise looking elsewhere if you are looking for a nice hotel.	
Jun 9 2007	loved the Jin Jiang Cathey Garden	Stayed at the Jin Jiang Hotel Cathey Garden for three nights on a business trip. There are several Jin Jiang hotels in Shanghai, but the Jin Jiang Hotel's Cathay Garden is great, not to be confued with other Jin Jiang properties.The rooms we had were exceptionally new, clean and plush. Great bathroom with separate tub and shower. The lobby was cozy and warm with the addition of a lobby library. The location is unbeatable. The fitness room was adequate, but a bit warm and stuffy being in the basement. The breakfast buffet provides a very good variety of western and chinese dim sum which changed daily during our stay. Will definitey stay there again!	
May 19 2007 	Very Local But Interesting	So I booked 2 rooms for 2 nights at the Jin Jiang. I got a pretty good price and thought it might be interesting. It is an attractive compound of buildings, with three separate towers in art deco style. Unfortunately, that meant that I had to wander into one of the buildings when I arrived to discover my room was somewhere else. They did take me there in a golf cart. The check in at the Grosvenor House was slow and somewhat inefficient. As I finally sat down at the desk to go through the check-in ritual, I saw the front desk attendant pull up my reservation, and when she clicked on my reservation, a text box popped up that said &quot;This is a dirty room.&quot; When I asked her about that, she said, worryingly, 'Oh it's nothing.'The room was large, and somewhat dark and cavernous. I thought the details of the room was actually quite attractive, a continuation of the art deco style. It was not dirty, at least as far as I could tell. There was only wireless internet access, and you had to go downstairs to get your username and password. My colleague staying in the same building said he couldn't get access at all and eventually had to give up.The location is quite nice though, and the outer courtyards seemed nice. I used the small gym, which was fine since I was the only one there.There were two restaurants nearby that I thought were both rather good - a Shanghainese place called Jade Garden just south on Mao Ming Nan Lu, and Di Shui Dong, a cheap and charming Hunanese place just a block to the north.I could sort of tell it was a local hotel by the phone call I received at midnight as I was going to bed about whether I was interested in a massage. At least she didn't call back when I said no. Perhaps this was what was meant by 'dirty room'? So it was alright, and an atmospheric ambience in terms of the architecture. But the 'software' of the place still seems to be a beta version and could be improved.	
May 7 2007 	Never Again	We ended our two week tour of China in Shanghai and where booked in the Jin Jiang for three nights. We wanted to change hotels before theend of the first day. We had three rooms that where to be on the samefloor - they where not. When we where checking in the desk staffnever looked at us, one room was a smoking room when we had requestednon smoking, that was the first move. The second was when there was no king bed in the suite as requested, the third move was when they could not get the smell of urine out of the suites bathroom. When we took the children to the swimming pool there was an $11 dollar chargeper person to use the hot tub. We tried to change hotels that night but could not find a hotel that could accomidate all our requests that evening. We did move the next day to the JC Mandrine and had a lovely stay. We are still waiting on the refund from our unused nights at the Jin Jiang. We should have suspected something when our guide was checking us in and said that her agancy had not used this hotel in ten years, I suspect it will be another ten beforethey try it again.	
Mar 28 2007 	Do not book regular executive room	Nice hotel with nice decor but lobby bar staff could be friendlier and more helpful. I booked an executive room and I am very very disappointed because the windows are frosted and I cannot see outside. The website also does not states very clearly that windows are frosted. I can't even check the weather before stepping out. It is so frosted that I cannot tell if it is raining outside. They were not helpful in helping me change to another room.	
Mar 10 2007 	Traditional hotel in Shanghai	Jin Jiang Hotel is a more traditional Chinese hotel in a city that has a large number of very modern hotels built in the last 10 to 15 years. However, the hotel still meets a lot of the standards of Western type hotels. But, this is not really ritzy or flashy. The style is more “renovated old” as opposed to big towers newly built. There are several buildings all referring to Jin Jiang. I stayed in the Cathay House which is the entry level I believe. Other buildings had suites and larger accommodations but at a higher price as well. RoomRooms seem to be quite large, with enough space for a queen size bed, a desk and a couch and coffee table. (See pictures). The bathroom is very nice as well with separate walk in shower. The style dates a little bit but it’s not ancient. The room I was in was at the end of the hallway (707). It meant that it had a hallway (nice) but small windows which didn’t provide a lot of light for the room. It’s not a problem if you are out and about visiting or having meetings but if you intend to stay and work in your room, you may find it a bit dark. Other rooms had larger windows right in the middle of the room which provided more light. In the room, there was a mini fridge. HotelThe breakfast room is on the 11th floor. Buffet style with lots to choose from. The gym is in another building within the complex. It’s not convenient especially when it’s cold outside or when it rains. It has a nice swimming pool though. The reception is nice but not grand. Don’t expect a large open foyer like newer hotels. OtherInternet connection was available. A cable is in the room and it works fairly well, including Skype. The area around JJ is very pleasant with a good mix of large shopping centers and but also a large number of small shops , some directly on the streets, others hidden in the back of buildings. The newer neighborhoods, especially in Pudong will not offer such a variety; only large shopping centers where the well known brand names are available at pretty much the same prices than everywhere else in the world. The Subway station is one block away as well as a small supermarket located in the basement of a department store. All things considered, the Jin Jiang Cathay House is a very adequate hotel for both leisure and business travelers. They will find a good mix of amenities in a more authentic Chinese environment. Something that is not necessarily offered in the other very modern parts of the city.	
Jan 26 2007	Recommended	Stayed two nights in the hotel, very happy to recommend it to anyone. We had a twin room (super-sized single beds), there was lots of floor space, a sofa and chair, writing desk. Bathroom was large with good toiletries, a bath and separate shower, and there was plenty of extra space in a small lobby containing the closet, fridge, safe etc. Staff were pleasant and polite, especially the young men opening doors, getting taxis etc. English was spoken. Breakfast was delicious, good variety of dishes and no-one should go hungry at this hotel. Situation is close to shopping, not far from the old French area, restaurants are close - there's plenty for all tastes. The hotel has gardens, it wasn't noisy.Only two small complaints: the bed was VERY hard, and the 'view' from the 2nd floor window was a large aircon duct. But we kept the shutters closed and were out during the day anyway so it didn't matter.	
Dec 31 2006 	Good hotel to experience Shanghai	We stayed at the hotel as business travelers and were quite happy with th accomodations. We upgraded to Cathay Garden, the new part of the hotel. The hotel is unique in that it sits on several acres of green space rather than being flushed against the roads that can be quite noisy. The rooms we stayed at are very new and well put together. They have non-smoking floor so make sure you INSIST on it if you want that. We only ate at the hotel for breakfasts but it is perfectly adequate for that purpose. For about $150 per night, I felt that we got a very good hotel room for its price relative to all the other western branded business hotels. The hotel is located near Mao Ming South Road, a fairly upscale street that offers very good shopping. It is located near the old Shiang Yang Market, the gigantic flea market that has since been torn down. For your imitation designer handbags, you will have to go search else where. But your average concierge desk will surely be able to direct you. Right outside of the hotel, however, is where a lot of custom tailors are. Be sure to visit these stores on your first day. They can often finish custom shirt in two days or even a suit in four.Getting a cab can be tough around dinner time. So walk out of the hotel ground and grab a cab on the road. You will have better luck.One word of advice on traveling to China - go through your local Chinese travel agents to book hotels. They often have much better deals than you can get off Internet. The deals one get off the internet usally does not include free breakfasts and taxes and that can add up. Make sure you ask for the breakfast deals because eating breakfasts in China can be a hassle and a la carte is very expensive....Also, the Chinese hotel staff can sometimes be non-chalant when it comes to customer service. Unlike the US/European hotels where better service may come with a $20 bill, it doesn't always happen in China. Be insistent when you need something that you feel is within your rights - such as a clean non-smelling non-smoking room. Don't yell (as it only degrades your status) but be insistent and prepare to escalate to a manager (who is always around...)	
Dec 7 2006 	Definite 4 star hotel	We booked 3 nights at the &quot;old&quot; Jin Jiang Hotel and was very happy with our accomondations. Yes, it is a older hotel with high ceilings and oak wood trimming, but it seemed very well kept. We also really liked the separate shower and large marble tub. (yes, one of the the four-pronged faucet handles did come off, but it was simple to screw the porcelain handle back on.)  Located on one of the fashion streets of Shanghai (mao ming), it is also across from the dickson center (locale for ralph lauren and gucci, among others). Taxi are so cheap in Shanghai, it is only about $3 or $4 cab ride from the Bund, Pu Dong, the Imperial Gardens, and less than that to the Shanghai Museum. If you want to use the subway, the station is just a long block away. Service at the hotel was excellent, and the staff very friendly and sufficiently adequate in their english speaking skills. On site facilities include a heated pool and a bowling alley, available to all guests. We also found a very good accupressure massage place on the same block for less than $15 a hour, and that included a 20% tip. And DVD hounds can find a vendor within 2 blocks, offering DVDs for about $1.20 per. However, not every DVD will work on US systems. Very safe locale. I would recommend it highly although wheelchair accessibility is not the greatest. They have a step down entry into their lobby, with their wheelchair ramp off to the side which is also used for baggage carriage.	
Jul 25 2006 	if you're noise-sensitive avoid Room 1023	I left Salvo Hotel after enduring it for one night and booked myself a room in Jin Jiang for five nights. I have stayed in Jin Jiang Tower before, and althoug my husband remembers it as a horrible experience (with construction going all over the place and rude staff) I remember it as a great experience esp. because the great breakfast joint right outside the hotel and its proximity to Huaihai Road, a prime shopping street in Shanghai, with Lane Crawford, Isetan, and Taipingyang Department stores (if you want to shop for someting semi-fashionable don't go to Nanjing Road, it used to have interesting things but I increasingly find it hard to spot anything that whets my consumer appetite there on Nanjing Road--although it has its own charms, it is no longer a shopping street). When I got to Jin Jiang, we got Room 1023. Given that we booked the cheapest rate of listed price on Expedia we were very happy we got a room on a high floor. And the room was stunningly quaint and nice, it was so spacious, and with the knowledge that it used to be a guesthouse for French colonialists (?), I could see those French people dancing in the very room we were in (it was that big) during the 1930s. The bathroom had a huge bathtub and a separate shower stall, which really pleased me. My sister found a bug (it wasn't a roach, but something similar, we kind of decided not to pursue it because we were still excited about the size of the room) she quickly caught it released it from the window. The location was indeed great, too. So we went out and shopped, ate and went back to the hotel at around 9:00PM. We noticed some noise coming from upstairs. We weren't sure what it was, but it was some kind of light construction noise. It went on until very late at night, but we thought it was fine because we turned on the TV and it cancelled the noise from upstairs. But there was also some music coming from the left side of the room, and it did not stop until I called the front desk at 3:00AM and told them about the music (in Chinese). The person who picked up the phone immediately realized what the problem was and he said he'd take care of it. The music stopped. I wonder what it was but it was still fine.Then, my sister left and my husband joined me in the same room. He's relatively sensitive to noises. He just couldn't stand the knocking noise from upstairs, and kept complaining to the front desk about it. The front desk person ket telling him he/she'd find out, but they never returned his calls. Once they even went upstairs to &quot;find out&quot; what it was and try to stop it but it did not stop. Then we realized that our room was right underneath the kitchen of a restaurant on the 11th floor. The noise was coming from a chef chopping things on a chopping board, cutting chicken bones, etc. It really didn't bother me but my husband couldn't stand it. He tried to change the room, but somehow they refused (the hotel apparently had many empty rooms but they kept telling him it was fully booked). When he finally went to the assistant manager and talked to him in a very upset manner they decided to move us to another room. I really didn't mind the noise so much, so I'd have been fine in Room 1023. But for those who have aversion to noises coming from upstairs (incessant chopping noise) it'd be better if you avoid this particular room.	
Jul 21 2006 	5-star hotel 1-star service	I booked my room at Jinjiang via an online travel agent and pre-paid the hotel charges. When I arrived, the booking was screwed up and the hotel was more concerned about receiving payment from me than allowing me to check in first before clearing up the mess. I had to wait in the cold lobby for ONE hour, tired and hungry from my 2-hour car journey from Suzhou. The room given to me had dirty patches on the wall and there was some renovation work going on in the floors above (incessant drilling during the day). The staff were cold and impersonal. Jin Jiang still has a long way to go before it can catch up with the likes of Shangri-la, where I stayed in Beijing.	
Mar 22 2006	Great Location Very Nice Hotel	The Jin Jiang is a lovely old hotel which is very convient to all sorts of shopping, food and some entertainment. I stayed there for 6 nights in March 2006. I stayed in 2 different rooms and they were of similar quality. The beds are as hard as a rock, but I still slept well. This hotel uses white duvet covers that mark easily. So, you can be assured you're getting a fresh cover. They are in the process of replacing the carpets, which will definitely help the appearance. We watched (and heard) them do the 9th floor. Housekeeping could do a better job in the bathrooms. The first room I stayed in had a large collecting of slimy material around the shower drain. Unfortunately, the tile is black so it might be hiding all sorts of things I don't want to know about. We also saw 2 small roaches, one in a room and one in the lobby. However, we saw a lot of roaches on our journey, so this wasn't terribly shocking.There really is no bar in the old section of this hotel. There's a place to get a drink, but it was more like a tea room. So, don't expect nightlife. The convenience store on the 2nd floor is fabulous. We actually found that bottled water was cheaper in the hotel store than in most other places.	
Nov 10 2005 	Lovely well situated hotel	I stayed in the Cathay Building for a week. Rooms-----The room was spacious and comfortable. It was nice having a foyer/dressing room between the bedroom area and bathroom, and it was useful having a writing desk, chairs, and sofa in the room. Bathroom was also spacious and well presented with a separate bath and shower. The only complaint about my room was that the windows were quite narrow (although there were six of them), making it hard to appreciate the view outside. Shanghai is a noisy city but the hotel is set back off one of the main streets, making it reasonably peaceful.Dining------I only ever ate breakfast but the buffet was satisfactory, with a selection of english, continental, and chinese foods available; all of which were of good quality. Service-------Staff were friendly and attentive and I had no problems talking to them in Englsih. As I would expect from a 5* hotel.Overall-------I would stay at the Jin Jiang again as it is ideally located for the main city sights and I enjoyed my time there without any problems. However, the Grand Hyatt is a cut above and offers amazing views of the city (but probably at a higher price).	
Oct 28 2005	Great Place	We had a huge room and huge bathroom in the GrosvenorHouse at the Jin Jiang Hotel. We also had a hugesecond room (without requesting it). The hotel is fairly priced and is an Art Deco gem, left much the way it was in 1935 (with updated facilities). Thestaff was very attentive, with passable English (notas good English as 5 star places). The grounds arebeautiful and off the street, which gives a peaceand quiet not common in Shanghai. Good free b'fastbuffet. Across the street is the Okura Hotel, also with a great garden. We had a lousy meal at the OldShanghai Moon Restaurant in the hotel. Too many smokers and mediocre food. French Concession areais great for walking. Taxis very cheap to rest ofShanghai. We took a great tour (4 hours) of JewishShanghai. In sum, we loved the Grosvenor House. Itwas our favorite place in a 3 week Asian trip.	
Mar 15 2005	Motel not hotel	I paid five star prices for this hotel and got a room that smelled, the faucets were falling off, the marble of the bathtub cracked and they did not even provide bedskirts. The walls were filthy. I will definitely not recommend this hotel. For the price of what we paid (140 US), I would have rather stayed at the Mason Hotel on Huai Hai Road. The staff were not helpful at all. We did not expect that from a &quot;5*&quot; hotel. Very disappointed. Be ware!	
Jan 20 2005	Disappointed	My wife and I stayed at the &quot;old&quot; Jin Jiang in 2002, and was quite disappointed with the experience. We reserved a room in the Grosvenor House, but the hotel closed that building (it was right after the SARS epidemic) and consolidated all the guests into the Cathay Mansion. The hotel gave us a very big suite instead, which we thought was a nice gesture. But the condition of that room was quite horrible: the carpet was very dirty and there were air pockets underneath all over, big enough that we tripped on them; the marble in the bathroom by the tub was cut too short, and they just used caulk to fill in the hugh gap; the wall in the living room was patched up but was not painted over, so you can see this big rectangular mark on the wall. None of this affected our sleep, and the suite was big enough for a family. The hotel staff was generally nice, although not all of them were proficient in English. We were disappointed because from what we read and how much we paid, we expected a very nice hotel.	
Sep 8 2009 	????		
Aug 14 2009 	????????????…		
Aug 5 2009 	?????????		
Mar 15 2009 	?????????????		
Mar 12 2009 	?????????		
Mar 2 2009 	????????????		
Feb 15 2009 	?????????		
Feb 7 2009	???????????		
Jan 28 2009 	????????1930?????????????		
Jan 10 2009 	?????????		
Nov 18 2008 	Es gibt bessere Hotels		
Oct 26 2008 	?????????		
Aug 23 2008 	?????????		
Aug 5 2006 	JinJiang is a hotel chain!!! Book the 2005 opened 5 star Cathay Garden!!		
