Nov 8 2009 	Worst service and hotel in recent memory.	I booked a regular room at first and it was the smallest room I have ever seen. I was there only 2 nights so I let it go then I was taking a shower and the water suddenly went icy cold and it was winter in Shanghai. Fortunately, I was almost done with my shower or I would have frozen in the shower. I called the desk and there was no apology. I requested a transfer to the suite and paid double the price with no discount. The room was spacious but then the internet was not working - again no apology or discount and insisted that there was something wrong with my notebook. I could not accept it as it was working just a while ago in the small room I transferred from. Then I wanted to cook some food and I was told that I have to pay 10 yuan for each utensil. I would not stay again at this hotel even if it is free.	
Jun 7 2009 	Best Value for Money	If you dont need any frills - just stay here. They give you a nice comfortable rooms, I got one at the 26th floor - the view was amazing with nice cool breeze. The rooms a bit small but very comfortable and clean - what more can you ask for USD 30. Just carry the map of the location along with you, as not many Taxi drivers know the location of Service apartments.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great value for Families	I stayed there in one of their 3-bedroom apartments at the end of November with my family of 5 (all adults) for 3 nights. The apartment was spacious and had a large living and dining area. The apartment is very modernly design and of a high quality for what we were expecting from the price we paid.The few issues we had were the front desk which I found the staff to be rude and unhelpful (even the bell boy was more friendly and helpful!). Also, whilst the apartment was fully furnished, the kitchen was completely empty of any utensils and the washing machine in the laundry had no water pipe installed which needed a call to maintenance to fix. Although the location was not close to places of interest, considering the price and quality it was worth staying at Rayfont (since price of taxi's is fairly cheap in Shanghai).Since we were traveling in a group of 5, Rayfont was the best choice we could find.	
Nov 14 2008 	not too bad for your money	Not too expensive , stayed 4 nights in small basic room approx 450 rmb Quite modern and clean. But romm was very small and almost no desk for computer. Then changed room for one bedroom apartment type with kitchenette and living room. Much more spacious but almost twice the rate .Restaurant breakfast is OK but nothing more (half chinese half western style)Staff was quite professionnal but need to repeat many time coz their english is.... SO SO At the end that was OKHotel location is ..... so so Not in a busy district so you have to walk at leat 15 minutes ( or taxi ) to find shops and restaurants.At the end , that was not too bad . I would return for short stay but as a second choice only . I would try another place . Nothing really amazing from this place except low prices from basic rooms....	
Nov 3 2008	Okie for a Short trip	We stayed in a 2-bedroom Apartment in Block B on the 26th floor for 5 nights. Rooms are neat and clean and there's nothing much to complain about it. Breakfast is not good so we decided to go out and have breakfast instead.One thing about the staff, they do not speak much English but fortunately we were able to speak mandarin to them. We asked one the the staff regarding shopping areas in Shanghai and he recommended me a street full of shops. (That was around 6 in the evening). So I hailed a taxi to proceed there. I was shocked that all the stores were closed. He didn't inform me that the shops were closed by then. In the end, I had to take a taxi to another shopping area.If you are just staying without using the facilities then its fine. I went to the pool on the 3rd day of my stay and found it weird because a swimming cap is needed before going to the pool and you gotta purchase it from them if you don't have it. It was an &quot;indoor&quot; swimming pool, Why i say &quot;indoor&quot; is because previously it was raining and there were droplets of water dripping from the &quot;indoor&quot; pool glass ceiling. Maintenance of the pool area was kind of poor.I would probably think twice of staying there again for that amount I paid for.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great if you have a lot of patience and can tolerate incompetence.	FACTS. I reserved my hotel room through www.hotels.com for $59.00/night. I stayed there for 18 days during the '08 Olympics. . If you don't smoke, make sure you stress to the travel agent or online booking company that you want a non-smoking room. Those rooms are located on the first eight floors of the building. In other words, don't expect a non-smoking room on the high stories. . I made sure that I called the hotel a few days before my arrival to confirm my reservation. Always do that. Luckily, they did have my reservation though language was a barrier. The hotel telephone number is [-].. Once you arrive at PVG airport and get your luggage, exchange $500 to RMBs/Yuans at the bank kiosk located in the baggage claim area. At the time, the rate was $1.00 = 6.74 RMBs/Yuans (pronounced Kwan). Warning, do not trust the exchange bank tellers as they slipped with the 100 RMB/Yuan notes two fake 100 bills. As the saying goes, you only know what you know. I discovered a couple days later when no one would accept my two 100 bills that they were fake, in fact they were color copies, SOB! Taxi drivers gave me the &quot;are you kidding me?&quot; look. It was embarrassing. I ended up shredding and throwing them away. Learn this -- most fake bills are 20 RMBs/Yuans. 100s are rare but I was the unfortunate one. Check every single 20 and 100 RMBs/Yuans bill even if you get change from a bank teller, a hotel front desk employee, a store clerk, a restaurant, or even a taxi driver rushing to give you your change back in rush hour traffic. Stop and take your time checking every single 20 and 100 bill. You do that by scratching your fingernail against the neck or hat of General Mao Tse-Tung. If you don't feel crevices then it's likely a fake. Don't worry if you get rushed or clerks laugh at you trying to be smart for checking for fake bills. Do it if you don't find your money hanging on trees. I learned my lesson the hard way and ended up catching a few fakes a few days in Shanghai.. The hotel was an hour drive from PVG airport. Cost me approximately, 100 RMBs/Yuans, which is not bad at all. Make sure you print a copy off the Internet of the hotel address in Chinese for the taxi driver or better yet, print the attached scanned card and show it to the Taxi driver. Most drive very fast. Close your eyes and think happy thoughts. No tipping in China. The hotel was formerly known as Rayfont Celebrity Service Hotel and Apartments. It is located at 1077 Xie Tu Road (pronounced Che Two Lu) and its intersection with Ruijin Road (pronounced Roohen Lu), Lu meaning Road. . At check in time, the front desk will run a debit for 1000 RMBs/Yuans deposit which they are supposed to return to you if their has been no damage to the room.. The single room reminds me a bit of a room at the W Hotels in the States -- dark brown somewhat contemporary furniture. The room had a Queen-size bed with a nice large leather headboard, like in most hotels in China, the mattress had no padding, in other word, it felt like sleeping on a hard surface, which did not bother me since it is better for my back; however, the majority of Westerners will find it extremely uncomfortable. The room also included a desk, a chair, two end tables, one table lamp, a dresser, a decent-size closet, a small combination safe, and an analog television with 60 some channels including English language American channels. The room looked exactly like the panoramic picture advertised on the website; however, the room is not as big as it appears in the picture. After all, it is a panoramic picture so it makes the room look larger. The size of the bedroom was 10ft x 12ft including the furniture. There was 3ft clearance all around the bed.. My room was very clean and was odorless.. The AC in the room worked great. You can freeze in your room when the outside temperature in August reaches 95 degrees.. You can get Internet service in your room via an Ethernet cable for about 40 RMBs/Yuans or $5.00/day. Instead, I wirelessly and freely joined an unlocked Linksys Network by placing my laptop computer close to the sliding door at the end of the bed. Sometimes the connection was weak but it was enough to check my e-mails until I made it to a coffee shop or restaurant where usually free wireless Internet service is available. . The bathroom looked like the picture advertised on the website as well. Stand up shower, commode, a faucet to wash feet, plenty of cabinet space, heated lamps for the winter, plenty of clean towels, combs, tooth paste, tooth brush, hair cap, soap, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, etc. . Housekeeping did a great job. A team of two girls usually knocks on your door between 9:30 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. They are very sweet, polite and humble. They don't speak English. Expect a knock on the door even if you clearly place the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign outside on the door handle. They did every single day regardless -- just accept it. They are not stupid -- they're just trying to do their job. They seemed honest, nothing was taken from my room, not my MacBook Pro, not my iPod, not my camera, not my PDA, not my souvenirs -- nothing. They replace your sheets every third day in an effort to conserve water (Kudos); however, they did replace my towels every single day I asked to, mopped the bedroom/bathroom/balcony floors, and wiped the dust. No tipping in China.. Although the floors are concrete, one can easily hear guests in the floor above walking or their bed frame banging against the headboard or floor whenever they are getting it on. That is expected because construction quality in China is not up to par.. I was not able to hear traffic or construction noise during my 18-day stay at the hotel -- of course the sliding door to the balcony was always closed. By the way, make sure that door is in the lock position because the balcony has a fire exit door leading to a stairwell.. I never felt unsafe anytime during my stay at the hotel even when I returned after midnight; however, I brought to the attention of the assistant manager the fact that their is not security guard who checks access keys or whether a guest is staying at the hotel before letting the person walk through the lobby and catch the elevator up. He was sincere and showed interest in what I was trying to make him aware of. He assured me that the hotel has a security guard. What he was referring to was a young guy who waits outside the hotel door holding a Walkie-Talkie. He usually opens the passenger door whenever a taxi pulls up to the hotel entrance. Not once did any of the guys who work the third shift ask me for credentials, which is a standard practice in most hotels around the world. After all, anyone would have not problem walking into the hotel late at night, taking the elevator up to a room and breaking in.. The assistant manager at the hotel was William Yuan. Very nice, professional, soft-spoken, young fella. He spoke English very well and was eager to assist me. I was very impressed with his outstanding customer service and managerial skills.. Although there is a restaurant in the hotel, I did not eat there because I was told that it is not that good. I can't say for sure.. Be aware that sending your dirty clothes to be laundered at the hotel can be very expensive. For example, to wash each plain white undershirt, T-shirt, underwear, etc. will cost you $20 RMBs/Yuans = $3.00. Each shorts will cost you 25 RMBs/Yuans = $4.00. Your best bet if you need to wash your clothes is to get out of the hotel, make a right on Xie Tu Road, walk to the next street, make a right, walk to the apartment building behind the hotel and you will find a public Laundromat. Make sure you check their price sheet. . One Wednesday midnight on my way back to the hotel, the taxi passed by a Karaoke club on Xie Tu Road approximately 300 yards across from the hotel. There were lots of attractive women and I mean really, really attractive girls existing the club. The taxi pulled up to the hotel entrance. It was a little after midnight. In the hotel lobby I counted six girls sitting on the couches and two standing talking to one another. First thing that came to mind was: &quot;Holy Toledo, there must have been a fashion show at the hotel while I was out wasting my time at Starbucks and Costa Coffee Shop.&quot; The women I saw in the hotel lobby that night were b.e.a.u.t.i.f.u.l. Not your average, 5'10&quot; Shanghainese, long black hair, pretty girls. These girls looked like models - no kidding. I have traveled to many places in this world like Russia, Ukraine, Italy, France, Brazil, Germany, Denmark, Japan, you name it but these were different. They looked like models. They were not vulgar. They did not speak to anyone. They were not sleazy looking. The scene looked like an after-fashion show function. The concierge, who was trying to keep his eyes open because in China employees work 12-hour shifts, did not pay attention to the girls. They all were minding their business. I asked him whether I had missed a fashion show. He explained that they were working girls that just left the Karaoke club down the street and came to the hotel to earn some money in return for services should a single/lonely guest shows interest. He added that they are professionals and charge 120 RMBs/Yuans = $18. He also mentioned that the working girls have clearance from the hotel and are tested. I asked him whether the sight of working girls in the lobby offends guests. He replied that they are low key despite their beauty. That they know exactly who is single and is staying alone at the hotel and who is not. Folks, I learned later that this is typical in all hotels in China even at the most luxurious hotels at the &quot;Bund&quot; that many tourists refer to and recommend in their reviews. Again, this is typical in all hotels there. Since this is not my cup of tea, I ended up going up to my room by myself and slept face down. :-)WHAT I WISH WAS DIFFERENT - Let me begin by saying that no one in China is obligated to cater to those of us whose native language is English and I respect that; however, at this hotel and elsewhere in China there was the language barrier. Most front desk employees and concierges speak and understand a little English. Let me stress the word little. In rare cases, I was able to find a concierge who spoke and understood English well. I was blessed with one concierge at this hotel who understood me and was very helpful in recommending places to dine, professional /well-reputable massage parlors, wrote directions in Chinese to give to the taxi drivers, etc.. The most irritating and frustrating things that left a really bad taste in my mouth were:(i) Receiving calls in my room. Almost every time my girlfriend called the hotel, gave them my room number, my last name, and asked to be transferred, the front desk operator(s) acted clueless and failed to transfer the call. She called me every morning during the 18 days I stayed at this hotel and went through the teeth pulling process to reach me. Even my Chinese buddy who lived in Shanghai and spoke perfect Mandarin Chinese became very frustrated with repeated incidents of stupidity and incompetence of the front desk operator(s). They hang up the phone on him a few times. No kidding. (ii) The incompetence of the front desk/reservation again due to the language barrier and not taking initiative. Say you want to check out two days before your scheduled date. So you call Hotels.com to inform them you will be leaving earlier than scheduled. You go downstairs and inform (clearly and slowly) the front desk staff of your plans. You ask them to document in their system that the guest in room # .…. will be checking out two days earlier. The front desk staff assures you that they noted it in their system. You stop by the next day just to be 100% sure but this time around the staff at the front desk are not aware of what your plans are and cannot find any notes! So you inform them again (clearly and slowly) of your plans. On your checkout day, you have a final walk through with housekeeping to confirm that there has been no damage to the room and nothing is missing. You request from the housekeeping girls to call the front desk and inform them that everything is okay. They do make the call while you are standing there. You go downstairs to check out and they are really quick to check you out. You ask them for the 1000 RMBs/Yuans deposit back but they say they cannot do that yet until they check that there has been no damage to the room! Fifteen minutes wasted while the taxi is waiting at the entrance and you are running late to the airport. You have them call housekeeping again to confirm. They do and finally return the deposit. You ask them regarding the refund of the two nights you will not be staying there. They reply that Hotels.com will have to call them to confirm that you checked out earlier than planned. On your way to the airport you call Hotels.com. They call the hotel and confirm that you left. You are expecting a refund to your credit card, right? Guess what – 30 days pass and no refund! You call Hotels.com and they call the hotel to confirm but the front desk is unable to find the reservation in their system so the person on the phone “passes the buck” and ask the Hotels.com representative to call the next day to speak to someone else. Welcome to China folks – ask a simple question and more than likely you will end up getting passed to five different individuals before your question is answered. I guess they just shy away whenever there is a language issue.	
Sep 16 2008	A good hotel with a slightly out-of-the-way location	Having booked the Rayfont on Hotels.com for a rate of less than GBP £30 a night I wasn't expecting great things. I was pleasantly surprised. The inside of the hotel is attractive and my double room was well-presented, with wood effect flooring, lots of storage and a balcony. The bathroom was beautifully appointed and very spacious. My room and the hotel as a whole were clean and seemed to be well-maintained. There is a good pool which is free to guests, and which the receptionist made a point of mentioning at check-in. The hotel restaurant on the first floor was attractively decorated and, apart from breakfast, suprisingly reasonably priced. Staff were friendly and the concierge was particularly helpful in translating destinations into Chinese characters for taxi drivers and arranging taxis. The downside of this hotel was the location - there is no metro station nearby and it took twenty to thirty minutes to reach places of interest in taxis; although these are cheap, the hassle and the cost could mount up if you like to come and go from your hotel during the day. I agree with the previous reviewer that it's extremely hard to find primary information on this hotel online. After a lot of searching, I stumbled across the hotel's website in English (http://www.longemonthotels.com/en/dyrf/).	
Aug 31 2008 	Rayfont - not a bad option	Initially found this place on Expedia and wanted to find more info. But it'svery difficult hotel to locate this hotel on www. I eventually found their website but it was in Chinese only, with no rates or online booking, so pretty useless. Additionally, their business card states no web or email address.Location: South west Shanghai. Not usefully near a metro, unless you really want to walk for 15 mins in searing heat. Therefore, taxis everywhere. Average price was 25 rmb, average journey time was 20 mins or so. Depends on time of day, destination, of course. Getting a taxi home in the rush hour was a nightmare. 45-60 mins fom Pu Dong airport, 30-45 mins to Hong Qiao. Small metro next to the hotel, some restaurants within walking distance. Most taxi drivers didn't have a clue where to find it, so take a card from the hotel.Accomodation: we booked a &quot;luxury 3 bedroom deluxe suite&quot; at £79 per night (expedia). Initially booked for 2 nights in case we didn't like it. But we did like it and stayed for a further 5 nights. The apartment was spacious and well equipped, quite well maintained and modern with dark wood flooring throughout, comprising:1 king size bedroom with en-suite (the en-suite was a bit tired and had a shower over the bath). 2 further double bedrooms and a separate shower roomwhich was in good condition. Good size living room with 2 sofas, dining table and chairs, tv, cabinet, etc. Basic but comfortable and very welcoming.Fully equipped kitchen (glasses, cutlery, plates etc available on request) and washing room (with washing m/c). Huge balcony wrapping round the whole apartment. Dirty, unfortunately, as were all the windows.Internet was available at 3.6 rmb per day, plus .06 rmb per minute, or 300 rmb per month. Apartment was cleaned daily and the laundry service was effective if a bit expensive.Didn't bother with the restaurant, except for one late breakfast which was utterly pathetic. Pool looks good, and very big. There's a massage place in the basement. Staff were fine, although my wife is Chinese so I was spared the usual communication problems.Would I go again? If I needed to accomodate 3 or more people, or a family, definitely. If it was just two adults, I'd go for a better location.	
Jun 16 2008	Avoid if possible	We were not at all impressed with this hotel. We had a two bedroom apartment, which consisted of 2 bedrooms with a small hall connecting them, along with a small closet and bathroom. First, the good: the room on the 23rd floor had a nice view of the courtyard, and was relatively noise free (from outside noises anyhow). There were TVs in both bedrooms which got a lot of channels (once we plugged in the coax cable, which was unplugged), including several English channels. Check-in and check-out were somewhat efficient, and at least they had our prepaid reservation (unlike the person behind us whose reservation they had lost). That's about the end of the good...The rooms reeked of smoke (we are non-smokers, but have stayed in smoking rooms many times without a problem, but the smell in these rooms was enough to make you sick). The beds were very hard with springs poking up at you, and the mattress sagged so you had a tendency to roll towards the middle. They required a 1000 CNY deposit, and had a long list of things they could charge you for &quot;damaging&quot;, even though the room was already in poor shape. There were 3 of us, and when we asked for a new towel, we were presented with a receipt showing a 90 CNY charge, which we eventually, after much struggle, figured out that was the charge for not returning the extra towel. The floors seemed very thin as we could hear people above us moving around, and to top our experience out, we had to kill several bugs (beetles?) in the bathroom. I would really recommend you spend a few more dollars and stay somewhere else.	
Apr 9 2008 	Not for Celebrities....	Out of the centre of Shanghai just beside the french concession, the Celebrity is a typical asian serviced appartment that offers exactly what it advertises - great space for bargin $$$.The appartments are relatively easy to find for taxi drivers ,but bring the hotel card just in case - in the imediate locality there are lots of small shops to stock up on snacks and drinks for the appartment and some good bakeries for breakfast. If you enjoy walking, the ex-pat area, with all it's bars and restaurants, in the French Concession is a 15 minute walk throught the tree lined streets.The room (we had a delux suite) was large with seperate kitchen (with utensils) dining area sitting room and seperate bedroom. Comfy sofa (which opened out into a bed) and large tv lent to comfortable lounging space in the evenings. Good hard bed but basic bathroom (rubbish shower). Decor was excellent with good black out curtains to stop the early morning sun, but not the trafic noise!Staff were friendly and tried to help but had minimal english - matching our minimal mandarin! On arrival reception had no record of our booking - it transpired that they couldn't read the name on my passport properly, looking for a booking in the name of James (my middle name!!!!!)Didn't eat in the cafe: it looked ok though &amp; always seemed busy.The pool and spa area were basic but sufficient for a few laps to wake up in the morning.For the money Celebrity offers fantastic space for those travelling with children rather than being cooped up in Shanghai's small hotel rooms. Not central but within a taxi ride of anywhere!Recommended.	
Jan 14 2008 	Too far out	It smells. Shanghai smells, so does this hotel. It puts the Sh into Shanghai. But this city that's grown too fast didn't really advance plan the sewerage system, so perhaps this hotel is like others. The staff try their best. Their English levels really aren't that bad and they're eager to help. The rooms look good on the website but close up they are bony and uncomfortable. In their favour they're huge but just not inviting. The local area is rubbish. There is nothing to see or do, so you end up getting taxis in and out of the centre of town. Fortunately they're pretty cheap. If you've got the money, then stay in one of the super luxury hotels. If you haven't, then just don't bother with Shanghai.	
Dec 11 2007 	A reasonable hotel at a fair price	Stayed in the family suite with 3 bedrooms and one big living room. It had a kitchen as well. Stayed there for 3 days and it was perfect for us. We stayed 6 people there, so instead of getting 3 rooms, we decided to try out the big suite. Worked out pretty well as there are 2 bathrooms with showers (one of them had a bathtub as well), a large kitchen and a large living room + the 3 bedrooms of course, so nobody got tired of sitting on each others laps. The living room was a natural meeting point and it had a large dining table and a coffee table, where we could all sit. A drawback is definitely the breakfast. Not that inspiring, but is was pretty cheap (20 RMB). There was a good little kiosk just next to the hotel where we bought some food instead. We had to pay extra for the plates, knives and forks as the kitchen was totally empty but even then we just gave up on making our own dinner and went out instead, so don't count on making 3 star Michelin dinner here. Would recommend the room for 3 couples like us. The service at the hotel was fair. The location was a little bit away from the center but pretty close to our Shanghai office though not walking distance. Next time I'll rather choose something closer to the city center and take a cab to the office...	
Nov 13 2007	A well run hotel	I spent almost two weeks here over the special olympics, I chose it based on it's location, reviews and price and I certainly wasn't disappointed.Check in wasn't the best, the staff barely spoke any english but once we got over the formalities and were direct to our room our minds were put to ease. The rooms were in great condition and with excellent views across the city.The only down side to the hotel was the resturant wasn't the best, poor cloice of food and the back of the room needed to be painted. There was no prblem getting taxi's to and from the hotel. Also, it hasn't been mentioned before but the hotel actually has three ATM machines besides the lift, so no need to walk down the street to withdraw cash.	
Oct 7 2007 	A Well Kept Celebrity Secret	Getting there: From Pudong Airport about 160 CYN. Best to have a map &amp; Chinese translation of the hotel on hand for the driver. Found one online which was a lifesaver. Keep in mind that most taxi drivers speak little to no English. Check in/Check out: There is a 1500 CYN guarantee charge by visa card on check in, but this is refunded on checking out. Had no problems with my credit card at all after that. Checking in and out was easy. There was an English speaking staff available to assist.Conceige Services: Provided a good map and helpful information. Luggage storage facilities available - in fact they held our bags for us for 2 days as we went to Hangzhou and didn't want to lug them along. Also helped us book tickets for Era - Intersection of Time, which was quite a distance away, had we wanted to get them ourselves. We had tried initially to book online before we arrived, but to no avail.Rooms: We booked the 2 bedrooms apartment - and we were thrilled. There were 2 bedrooms with double bed (a little hard, but I found that alright), telephones and television in each. In one of the rooms, there was a refrigerator and tea making facilities. Bedroom slippers were available and each room had its own airconditioning. Handy for those that like varying temperature and gets up at varying times! And all this for about €50, was simply unbelievable in Shanghai!!! There are 2 blocks - A,B and C,D. In the first part of our stay, we were in the C block which was better than the A block, which appeared holder and had a damp problem. We were quite high up, which was good as that meant no noise! Shanghai is a very busy city!!! Bathrooms were showers only - no tubs. There was a plumbing issue, which I think is rather common throughout the country. Easily remedied by a good ol'plunger which they were quick to sort out.Entertainment: Television were local channels. Hardly used any of the hotels facilities, although I am not sure what facilities they had. I think there was massage services and a coffee shop in house. They also had local English papers and magazines. Best to bring a novel.Location &amp; Local Amenities: SItuated about 15 minutes from a metro station - Da Ma Qiao, which was handy and efficient. Otherwise, hotel staff hails taxis for guests. Please be aware that there may be a queue in the morning for taxis. Taxis are cheap and safe. As Shanghai is so spread out, taxis are more or less an essential - but use the official taxi rank!!! Local Amenities include a supermarket about 5 minutes walk away - cash and local credit cards only. There are also bakeries and &quot;pao&quot; stalls (steamed chinese bun) and convenience stalls nearby. Silk King is at the Da Ma Qiao junction for those wanting to buy Silk. Overall, would stay here again. Good value, and convenient. But if you are looking for 5 star comfort, this isn't it! This is more of a local business/family hotel, where one is looking for a clean and decent accomodation as a base.	
Aug 29 2007 	Neither heaven nor hell	During our 11-night stay at the Celebrity we experienced just about everything the prior reviewers noted with the exception of the location. It is not within walking distance of any tourist attractions, especially in hot August. The property is relatively new, but already showing some signs of age and deferred maintenance. I saw the plunger outside my front door, and was prepared for the worst, but we did not need to use it. The cleanliness was ok. The damp mopping was merely spreading around soil, as I wiped up spills on my kitchen floor and the paper towel came up with a black film. Ok, here are the details. The front desk and staff ranged from smiling to dismissive. Rarely were they truly helpful. They clearly suffered from what ails many Chinese hotels. The public contact staff were process oriented and not customer oriented. Being forewarned by previous reviews, we inspected our refrigerator as soon as we entered the room and found it plugged in, turned on and room temperature inside. We asked to be relocated immediately.Our deluxe suite was on special on Travelocity, a great deal. This hotel does rate a high value, as you get to prepare your own western breakfast with range, coffee maker, and hot water pot. For 50 Yuan you can rent basic tableware and cookware. It's a good deal for longer stays, allowing spoiled westerners to enjoy their eggs their style and cold breakfast cereals just like home. A Century Mart is about four blocks east and has a good selection of groceries, fruits and vegetables. The convenience store is two doors west.The deluxe rooms are comfortable with nice sofa and side chair, living room table, TVs in both bed and living rooms, and a dining room table and four chairs. The beds are reasonably soft considering it is China. By western standards they are very firm, much better than rock hard common in China. Sheets are changed every few days, but they will change daily on request. The maids tried hard. The problem with damp mopping without frequent rinses in clean water is a training issue. Another long-term occupant with different maids complained to me in the elevator and with the assistant manager in the lobby about lack of cleanliness in his unit.The restaurant has a reasonably priced limited breakfast buffet. After one try, we opted for cooking/preparing our own. The location is south of downtown, from 15 to 25 yuan by taxi from most tourist attractions. Taxis are cheap, but daytime gridlock make them problematical sometimes. The doormen were very efficient in obtaining taxis from the street.The internet service worked as advertised. The plug converter, extra pillows and extra towels all required a signed receipt, promising to pay for them if they were missing upon checkout. The south view from the high floors takes in the Huangpu River, and the site of the 2010 World Expo along the river.If mediocre is good enough and you are value driven, the Celebrity will be a decent choice. The longer term reservation specials price this property in the bargain range per square foot for a three-star property. The two and three bedroom units are certainly a draw for a family or small group of friends. If you require more attentive service and/or require some pampering, you will not be happy at the Celebrity.	
Jun 11 2007 	Underwhelmed	We stayed here largely due to positive reviews which we now find puzzling. Indeed this is a new hotel but we experienced a number of basic failures. Plumbing was poor - housekeeping plunged the toilet more than once, though there was little more than paper to confront. The refrigerator was slightly cooler than room temperature, a fact we discovered after our chicken salad sandwiches had spoiled. The manager had to splice wires to get our Internet connected. Service was somewhere between lax and arrogant. Upon requesting a late checkout, the Assistant Manager told us (very belatedly), &quot;Ha ha, no, you see... this is Shanghai. We don't do that here.&quot; We've stayed in ten or so diverse hotels in Shanghai; there are many fine options out there at reasonable prices. The old adage still rings true: you usually get what you pay for.	
Apr 30 2007 	Amazing Hotel	AMAZING hotel.Very near to attractions.Friendly staff(atleast one English speaking).Chepest Hotel you can find.The hotel is almost new with all the facilities.Dont spend too much on Brand name hotels.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great Value for Money	I stayed here with my brother and his friends last March and I its a good place to stay when you are running on a tight budget. Unlike the previous hotel I stayed in, in Shanghai last December, this is more standard stuff. No down pillows or L'occitane toiletries. But lets just say adequate. The room was okay, we got a two bedroom unit, though the beds were small and we had to share beds, it was okay...its not like it was cramped. The problem was there was only 1 bathroom so mornings were hell.The staff can't speak much english so it helps if you can speak mandarin. there is a bank next door if you need money and a convenience store next to it...so you can buy supplies. Anyway its a good hotel, and an even greater value for money.	
Mar 14 2007 	Highly recommended!!	We stayed at this hotel during Chinese New Year, it was fantastic! The place was spotless with a modern bathroom and comfortable bed. We got a room on the highest level and had a view to the top of the famous oriental pearl tower. As it was chinese new year, we had free firework shows everynight which made our stay even more special. Service was excellent and the hotel offers an affordable buffet breakfast at affordable prices. Anyone looking for a reasonable priced, lovely hotel should consider the Celebrity Apartment. Although a bit far from all the touristy places, it is situated in a quiet neighborhood with taxis your doorstep.	
Jan 25 2007 	Great Hotel	This was a great hotel for the price, and had a fantastic balcony and view. The room was really clean and there was always at least one staff memeber on duty who spoke English. Not really walking distance from the BUND at all, but easy to find a taxi any time day or night. Also, located less than 1 block from a 7-11 type store, so no worries about having to purchase water or snacks in the hotel. The bed was really comfortable, and the room was bigger than many that I had in China (maybe small by American standards). Highly Suggested!	
Oct 29 2006 	Best Value in Shanghai-Excellent Hotel great service	We stayed on this hotel from October 16, 2006 through October 25, 2006. The hotel is very well located, the staff is helpful and they even have a concierge. The rooms are very clean and well appointed. The breakfast buffett has everything, including chinese favorites and western style breakfast.The staff english skills are like 7 in a 1 to 10 scale but enough to help you through your stay.. The air conditioning in the rooms is excellent and the broadband access, although has an additional charge, runs very well. The only minor flaw is that the drainage of the bathtubs and toilets are somewhat slowTransportation to and from the hotel is easy as catching a taxi is very easy. The hotel business cards have a map printed in the backside so your cab driver knows how to return you to the hotel.I will not look any further when I go back to Shanghai. This hotel is a winner..	
Oct 22 2008 	Rayfont- auch mit Kind empfehlenswert		
Sep 11 2008 	????????		
