Nov 16 2009 	Holiday Inn Shanghai Vista	clean room, comfortable, central location, ease of travel to most tourist spots, lots of restaurants in the surrounding with very affordable food.hotel room charge is reasonable. with Gym and indoor swimming pool, good workoutduring winter. 	
Oct 26 2009 	Better than your average HI but a bit far out of the centre	We stayed here for 3 nights in August. A perfectly comfortable Holiday Inn with very comfortable beds and a choice of pillows in the room (no asking for them). Restaurant was OK, international menu dinner - nothing to get excited about but perfectly acceptable. Breakfast buffet was quite good. Location was on a busy main road (noise in our room was not a problem but we were about the 8th floor). Minibar very expensive - we bought a dozen cans of beer and soft drinks for the price of one beer - go to the shop outside the front door! The main problem was distance to the main attractions of Shanghai. A good hour by road during the day with traffic as it is in Shanghai (bad). The nearest metro is a good 30 minutes walk - forget it - it's always hot and humid and taxis are VERY cheap. Rooftop pool (indoor) is nice.	
Oct 21 2009	Good hotel with great breakfast	The hotel is modern with good service and staff very helpful.The breakfasts were the best that we had exoerienced in China with a large variety of food.The television had at least 6 English speaking channels.The pool and fitness centre is also subperb with a large pool and spa, steam room and sauna as well as a gym and golf room.The only criticism is the cost of internet usage in the business centre. It is one of the most expensive I have experienced anywhere in the world.The drinks in the bar are also expensive considering you can buy the same beer in a little shop just outside the hotel for a fraction of the cost.The location is also a little too far from downtown and train station.	
Sep 13 2009 	It's a lovely Hotel	I Stay here last week. It's a lovely hotel.10 minutes to railway station tosuzhou. Concierge bought me the train tickets ,their service was very good and warmly for us.Gave us a lot of detail information ,it's very useful for us.They recommended me to suzhou and hangzhou by the train,that are very beautiful cities .The hotel was not in the down town, but take the cab is very easy and not expensive ,very far away to pudong airport ,nearly 1 hour taxi(RMB160).	
Sep 9 2009 	GOOD SERVICE	This year ,first time went to vista.Find the logo changed so lovely. ALL staffs are so kindly to me .And Concierge offer me service thoughtfully.During in the hotel ,they give me help a lots.Before i leaving hotel they give me a namecard for my any more help ,just call them.So warm here.Thanks.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great service in a great location	This was already my second visit during 2009. The hotel went through a renovation program and you feel very comfortable from the minute, when you arrive. The attentiveness of the employees especially at the front desk and in the restaurant further improved. The key areas in Puxi can easily be reached from the Holiday Inn. Good value for the money I paid!	
Aug 19 2009 	Good hotel	I always stay here if I come to Shanghai .The hotel is 10 minutes away from city center,20minutes away from shanghai airport. A lot of local bank arround the hotel,but you can use the ATM by the internation credit card .Good bell service,very friendly and warmly.Good lobby and spacious room with good air-conditon and there was a good indoor swimming poor on the top of building for free charge, but the restaurant is too many people,very crowded in the morning .	
Jul 20 2009	Great place to stay.	I can't say much about the price, because everything was covered in the tour we went on, but the hotel itself is sensational. WiFi throughout, great facilities (pool etc) and the rooms we stayed in were quite large based on my other experiences in Asia. The staff at the hotel are also fantastic. We didn't have the communication issues we found at other hotels we stayed at in China, and they were alway able to help out when we needed it.Though the hotel is a bit of a way out from the city center, it shouldn't cost you more than 20RMB to get from Nanjing Road to the hotel itself. There's a convenience store downstairs, and a few places to eat (including McDonalds) just down the road. There's also a games arcade across the road for the kids!All in all, a great place to stay, in a quite location a bit away from the hustle and bustle of the city.	
Jul 20 2009 	We really enjoyed the Vista	We stayed 3 nights at the Holiday Inn Vista and loved it! We were travelling as a family of 5 and the hotel was able to accomodate us with one room having two double beds and one extra single bed. It was great to only have to pay for one room. Yes, the extra bed made things a little tight, but the room was still very clean and comfortable. After long and hot days walking around Shanghai, our 3 kids were very happy to jump in the very well maintained pool located on the top floor. Another big plus about this hotel are the amazing breakfasts: very clean, lots of choices (american and asian styles), very good coffee!The price of the room was right given that hotels closer to the downtown area can charge twice as much. Yes the hotel is a bit out of the way but to us, it wasn't a problem given that travelling by taxi in Shanghai is so easy and so cheap! Staff at the reception and at the concierge were friendly and very helpful.	
Jun 30 2009 	Peaceful staying	It is really a nice trip in Shanghai, especially when I was in the holiday inn vista. The guys there always could consider my worries advanced, then there is no need for me to think about so many matters excluding my meetings. Thanks a lot for the guys in holiday inn vista, and I would be there again next time if I have more chance to have a trip in Shanghai.	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent stay great service ok location	Last May I stayed in this hotel for a short business trip to Shanghai. My company booked the hotel so I did not really know what to expect. Because it was a Holiday Inn I did not had that high expectations for my stay.But my stay was excellent. The hotel is not like the old Holiday Inn's. It's totally refreshed and gives a trendy and fresh welcoming upon my arrival.The rooms were very nice. I booked a Kingsize bedroom and it was big enough for me. Especially the bed and the rainforest shower were something really enjoyable.The location of the hotel is ok. I prefere staying in a hotel located in the city centre, next to all the good restaurants. This hotel is located about 10/15 minutes from the city centre, still not that much for a huge city like Shanghai.Everyone in the hotel was very nice to me, especially the concierge staff because they did a really good job in providing me a list of the best possible restaurants in the area. Also my transportation back to the airport was arranged smoothly.To be short.. Great hotel, great service, ok location and one very satisfied guest!	
Jun 19 2009 	the accomondation was very good	Milk and biscuits to be provided in tea making area	
May 3 2009 	Global brand hotel can cover local issue.	When I come to Shanghai, I frequently stayed this hotel. Because our Chinese staff lives near this hotel, and he has to pick me up early in the morning.First stay was in around 2005, when may be just the hotel opening. At that time hotel service and facilities had not been organized well, for example shower didn't have hot water for example and Chinese hotel clerk had only Chinese service and American manager was scolding them loudly.Even thourh it became somehow better and better recently except thin wall between rooms, I had several uncomfortable incident at this hotel. When I checked in this hotel, hotel clerk suggested me to upgrade the room in exective floor. I agreed her suggestion and stayed the room one night. However, I couldn't sleep the night due to terrible noise of air conditioner. I complained the hotel clerk next morning and changed another room. She had no apology about this complainment. Only she showed her frustration to me.When my travel schedule was shorten and I asked the hotel clerk to change my stay, she locked me out my room. I could understand she might miss the computer operation, but she had no aplogy when I complained the incident.After this visit, I got their finishing blow when I got my credit card bill. They made double billing to me.Fortunately, Holiday Inn have local service office in my country, and I could negotiate with the local service desk. They solved this issue promptly.I got some lesson with this experience. I may still keep using global brand hotel even though it is higher cost. Because I can get local support if I got a trouble with the hotel in abroad. Another lesson is that I never stay Holiday Inn Vista Shanghai any more.	
Feb 5 2009 	Average at best	I stayed here a couple of times during my business trips to Shanghai. The hotel has everything you would expect from a Holiday Inn. The hotel room was decent but furniture was a bit old. The chinese restaurant there was quite good and reasonably priced. However, there wasn't much to see in the neigbourhood other than the railway station. And if you are looking for western style cuisine, the closest thing you can get would be from the department store across the street from the hotel.Oh...and most importantly, if you want to travel to the city centre, it's not close. With Shanghai's traffic conditions during working hours, it's not going to be an enjoyable taxi ride.	
Jan 30 2009	Great Hotel - Nothing link Holiday inns in UK	We stayed here as part of a Virgin holiday. I did wonder what it would be like as it was a holiday inn... It was fantastic! 4star accomodation grande lobby excellent food! Location was a little out of Shanghai but it didn't matter as the coach would pick you up in the morning etc so you didn't need to get about yourself.I have some images and my own reviews at the following website[-]	
Nov 8 2008 	The price is right but somewhat out of the way for tourists	I was a tourist and the first 3 days of my 11 day visit to China I stayed at this hotel. It was booked by my tour agency. The only bad experience was at check-in . I had a confirmed reservation for a king bed and the hotel could not accomodate it. Also, i was a Holiday inn priority club member which usually is good for at least a free drink and sometimes an upgrade but not at this hotel . You may want to pay a few more bucks and ask for a deluxe room on their executive floor. There is an exercise room and lounge access if you do. I was booked into a standard room on the 10th floor which although a bit small was acceptable as it had all the necessary amenities and everything worked. There is construction going on behind the hotel and the hotel itself is on a busy street so you want to book a high floor. Breakfast was included and the food quality was quite good. Service was excellent at the restaurant. They even allowed us to have breakfast early one day when we had an early call on a guided tour. One thing to keep in mind though is that around rush hour this hotel is a longish though not too expensive cab ride to the downtown Shanghai area .Most of the tourist attractions are located in around the Bund and Nanjing Road where the more pricey hotels are located. The nearest fine restaurants to the hotel are a 20 minute cab ride away in an area called Xin Tiandi in the French Concession. Pricey by chinese standards but well worth the visit . For those of you who arrive with lap tops you will encounter sticker shock at this hotel. Expect to pay $13 an hour for internet access.	
Sep 28 2008 	a bit out of the way	We stayed here with our 7 month old baby for 5 days. It was clean and safe and there were some places to eat nearby. As we had the small one with us we ate in every night in the hotel chinese restuarant which was superb (although overpriced by Chinese standards) as long as you were the only people there. When there was more than 2 tables the service became chaotic. Breakfast was a good buffet selection. Rooms were clean but not spotless and I did worry about the poor fish in the bowl.Downside is the location. Shanghai is not pushchair friendly so we were reliant on taxis which meant you effectively had to add a good hour onto anywhere you went as the traffic is so heavy. In saying that we never had a problem getting a taxi .Checkout was also an interesting experience (again as in all Chinese hotels we stayed in) if you are in a hurry - do it the night before you check out.Overall - fair price , for reasonable hotel.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great Rooms Great Service	Stayed here for 2 nights in their King Bed Deluxe Room. The hotel is decorated very nicely and the staff is helpful. The rooms are well appointed and very comfortable. The bed is soft and cozy. The bathroom has a nice rain shower head. I was surprised to find a small fish bowl on the desk with 2 colorful fish swimming around.There are some restaurants and shops within walking distance from the hotel. Taxis are plentiful and cheap. A taxi to/from Pudong Airport runs about 180-190 RMB, which is a good deal considering it's 60 km away. Taxis to tourist areas run about 30 RMB each way.I highly recommend this hotel if you want to stay somewhere comfortable and upscale without spending a lot of money.	
Jun 9 2008 	Reliable business hotel	This was my return visit, stayed there for 3 nights on arrival to Shanghai/China. My previous stay was in May last year. My reasons for returning was because it was a rather pleasant hotel, comfortable, clean, efficient and friendly staff, and its location. However, in my opinion, some of the early rave reviews on this website grossly over rated this hotel. I would say it is a solid 3.5 star Holiday Inn. It is slightly out of the way from business/commercial area, or from a metro station but they are only short taxi rides away and taxis are very cheap. Its locatition on the Northeast of the city makes it very convinient for the Shanghai railway station, Shanghai Hongqiao airport and reasonably convinient for the Shanghai South Bus terminal.Note that while the hotel is next to a main road with plenty of taxis passing by, the hotel entrance is on a side road with no taxis at all, and hardly any taxi queue at the hotel for businss. A few who do only want to pick-up long distance fares like airport etc. Hotel doormen often have to go to the main road to wave for a taxi, but I fond it was a lot easier just do it yourself by walking to the main road. Another note is this hotel seems to have one of highest internet charges in China. 24hr charge is 115Y, while most other hotels in China in my experience, internet is free or at a nomila cost. Thankfully they also have a hourly rate of 10Y. Another note is for those previliged to use the executive lounge, the lounge is dispproportionally small and stark for the of the hotel.	
May 14 2008	Good hotel with confortable room	I 've stayed at the Vista several times now and keep coming back. It's a good hotel, nice and comfortable rooms with a good bed, clean and I especially like the executive floor, where they have a nice quiet athomosphere. The hotel decor is nice and OK restaurant with nice staff. Pricey although, and got angry that they charged me 35RMB + tax for a diet Coke, that's a rip-off! Only problem was the long check-out time; I don't know why they take so long to check you out.	
Oct 17 2007	First night in China	Had two nights here at the end of September. This was a very welcoming hotel with comfy seats in the lobby. Had a fish in a little tank in our bedroom.Had a huge superb shower in our room although our friends had a bath. Thought the hotel had no bar but it turned out to be where the cakes were for sale. All drinks were hidden in the back room. Had a snack in this bar during the afternoon. Chinese dumplings, very nice. Felt very safe walking around outside the hotel although crossing the road was a bit of a nightmare. Much safer to use the footbridges to cross. Found a nice shopping mall 5mins from the hotel.Thoroughly enjoyed the buffet in the evening. Called western but plenty of dishes to choose from including Chinese. I had baby lobster cooked to order. Buffet breakfast was good too.	
Oct 8 2007	Excellent Hotel	After a long flight it was a welcome sight to arrive at the Shanghai Vista. The hotel is fairly new so the interior feels nice and fresh. All of the staff were friendly and helpful with good English for those with poor Mandarin!My room was a good size with an incredibly comfortable bed, nice and clean, in room safe and just about all the toiletries you could need were provided in the bathroom!The breakfast had a great selection of Chinese, European and American foods, healthy or otherwise! The evening buffet was equally as good. If you are veggie like me then you will easily be able to get a decent meal.There is a small shop outside that sells snacks and water etc. A small bottle of water was about 1.50 yuan which is literally next to nothing. The hotel does provide two complimentary bottles each day but should you need more then there is no need to go too far or pay too much.There is a coffee shop in the lobby which sells delicious cookies. I suggest you try the orange which goes down great with a cup of coffee.It's not a centrally located hotel although there are plenty of shops and food places a short walk away. It is however fairly close to the Jade Buddha Temple which is definitely worth a visit.Definitely an excellent hotel and I have absolutely no hesitation in recommending it.	
Jul 30 2007	Good Pick	Don't let the distance away from the city center scare you...I thought it'd scare me, but I was wrong. The hotel is located in a very busy neighborhood with a couple malls within walking distance (5-10 minutes). As such, there are plenty of eateries and shops in the vicinity. Also, there are restaurants right alongside the hotel and across the street...lots and lots of food options. The closest Starbucks, if you care to know, is a few blocks walk away.We did walk to the city center a couple times to take in the daily Shanghai scene outside of the tourist traps, and it did take over an hour. But, note that it wasn't a straight line - we frequently stopped into shops and poked our heads into eateries as well as markets to get a good feel of everyday citizenry life. Also, taxis are bountiful and the hotel usually has 1 or 2 waiting in que to take you anywhere for relatively cheap fares.The lobby of the hotel is modern and featured a pianist every night - she's good. The bar/restaurant did not seem crowded in the morning or night on each of the 5 days we were there. One thing worth noting is that the hotel is &quot;over&quot; staffed in the lobby...there were probably 15 staffers when 10 would suffice...almost seemed like they were hawking over you. The check-in clerks spoke enough English to communicate the essentials. Also, this is a negative, the staff did NOT know the area well...asked for the nearest coffee shop/cafe, and they were clueless. I would've guessed that this had to be one of the most common questions from their guests...as mentioned earlier, there is a Starbucks nearby. In redemption, however, we requested extra bottles of water and a fruit knife on separate occasions in the evening and they were promptly and courteously delivered...good service.The room we stayed in was modern, clean, and comfortable. We had a view of a school/small street - might've been the backside/quieter side. Regardless, we had double queen beds that were on the &quot;firmer&quot; side, but that's the Chinese way. The bathroom featured a rain shower, which was good, and also there were speakers linked to the tv when turned on.We utilized the concierge for booking a tour of Hangzhou. The pricing was steep, but we thought it would be a more personalized tour...not the case. It was like any other commercialized outfit...way too expensive, probably double what I would've payed outside. Just a warning.Overall, would go back to the hotel for its reasonable rate, location, and cleanliness.	
Jun 24 2007 	Best Holiday Inn I've stayed at!	We were on a tour of China and Shanghai was our last stop. When we saw that we'll be staying at a Holiday Inn, we were just hoping for the best. To our surprise, the hotel turned out to be a very nice one! The room was very clean and the decor was up to date. The beds weren't the typical hard beds found throughout China. Most of the staff spoke very good English and were very helpful. The hotel had a good business center and lobby area. The stay included free breakfast buffett, which was also good. The hotel had an indoor pool and spa in the top floor as well as some game rooms to play mahjong and cards. The only negative thing I can think of is its location. It's not near a business district nor is it near any tourist attractions. A taxi would most likely be needed.	
Apr 30 2007	Dont let name "Holiday Inn" fool you-it's fancy!	We spent one night here when our adoption agency couldn't get fly everyone into Beijing on the same day. We arrived tired from the San Francisco flight and not sure of what to expect in so exotic a place. We were shocked at how luxurious the hotel was. We went to bed immediately, and the next morning at breakfast we met a number of families adopting through our agency. Adoption was the #1 topic, but right after that came compliments on the hotel itself. Our stay was so short I can't fairly comment on proximity to shopping, or other features such as pool, business center, etc. As far as the rooms, lobby, and breakfast area are concerned, however, we were very pleasantly surprised.	
Jan 16 2007 	Average hotel out of the center great pool and fitness facilities	I stayed in the Vista hotel for 2 nights. I had an (paid) upgrade to the Executive Club while checking in. It offered -among other- a bigger room, free Internet on the room and some free sodas from the minibar each day. Check-in was efficient although staff sometimes has trouble understanding the more difficult questions in English. The room was very spacious and I mean, _very_ spacious. There is a separate bedroom, separate living room. The bathroom is big enough with a bath and a separate large shower. The layout of the room can be a bit confusing and especially the lightning plan was a puzzle sometimes. Be aware that the dates printed on the bottles and cans are production date, not expiration date.The hotel is situated outside of the City center, but taxi's are generally available; a taxi ride from the center to the hotel is approximately 60 RMB. The fitness room as well as the pool are located on the top (21st) floor. Poolsize is average, the fitness room is big with lots of (sometimes) outdated equipment. There are ample TV sets to watch during workout, but you can also look outside en enjoy the view of Shanghai. Openingtimes are 05:30 to 23:00 , which is great. All in all, price/quality is good, although if you'd like to be more in the centre of the action, consider another hotel or rely on taxi's.	
Dec 4 2006 	Poor Executive Floor Service	Overall the hotel is quite OK. The staff at the lobby are friendly and willing to help. The room is clean. The room cleaning maid is full of smile. However, the whole pleasant experience could be stained by one of two service staff. Now the culprit this time are from the Executive Floor service desk: when I was told to check in at upper floor (I think it is 19/F), I went and I met poker faced staff there. (I wonder they might have sent the most terrible staff to Executive Floor so that they will only have limited damage there). I greeted her and said I would like to check in (it was Saturday afternoon around 4:00pm 19th Nov 06). She then tried to find my booking record (but without greeted me back, and not even invited me to sit while she sat comfortably in her Taipan chair....). I reserved a non-smoking floor and she told me I couldn't get it because all non-smoking rooms were occupied. But I booked the room one month ago. Anyway, I am a pretty easy going guy so I didn't bother.The day after (Sunday) I went to the Executive Floor to have my breakfast in the morning. Again, I met another very &quot;special&quot; service staff. She didn't like to move a lot. The reason was &quot;she had a bandage on her knee&quot;. So all her work was passed to a very polite and nice trainee. While this official service staff hide at the staff room kept talking, complained this and complained that, with the door opened. So every one eating breakfast there had to suffer from her big talk. This staff had no smile, no service attitude, not even want to see any guest in the Executive Floor. Alas, such a big contrast to the young and unseasoned trainee (another lady). I guess the hotel might have some management problem so even they could recruit the right people, they could not be trained to be nice.A few days later, another drama. It was in a evening around 8:30pm. I went to Executive Floor with my friend to have a bit of chat of business. The service staff sat there was indeed dating with her boyfriend there. They were talking (argueing) so heatedly that they were smashing the table, shouting to each other. I would say even a 2 star hotel in China would not allow this happening. And now I am talking about an international chained reputatable hotel at its Executive Lounge. I am indeed very very very disappointed.	
Sep 26 2006 	Nice and Quiet place	There are a number of Holiday Inns in Shanghai and so one has to pay attention to the specific name of the Holiday Inn. This Holiday Inn Vista is kinda away from the hustle bustle of the Puxi downtown. Transportation-wise it is not exactly the most convenient (at least 10 mins away from the closest train station and almost an hour away from the airport, and that is if there are no jams on the highways). But exactly because of its exclusive location, one can see more of a real, local Shanghai instead of the heavily-invested, too-glam-to-be-true Pudong/ the Bund in Puxi. It has a good gym, good size pool (and I can't emphasize enough of the gentle sunlight beaming through the roof to land on the swimmers' back... what bliss), a good jacuzzi, a spa center, and good business facilities. The room size and deco are just right. Comfortable and worth the price.	
Sep 25 2006 	Clean and good standard but nothing special	I stayed there during a business trip for 4 nights in the Executive Floor. I found the other reviews a bit overrating compared to what I experienced. The rooms were clean and the rooms well furnished. The floor was not noisy and the beds very comfortable. The normal breakfast room was very crowded every morning and didn´t have enoght seats, especially at the beginning of the week. The breakfast was very good there. The breakfast in the business lounge was, however, very poor. The location is far from the main points of interest and by taxi it is about 15-20 minutes to the Bund and others, but taxis are cheap. There is a big electronic store right opposite the hotel and a Chinese shopping mall some 400 metres down the street, but the area is a bit boring, but safe.I expected a bit more of the hotel, but overall the standard is good and it suits the business traveller´s needs.	
Aug 27 2006 	Good service 	Highly recommended if you have limited budget but want to stay in a hotel with good service &amp; atmosphere in Shanghai city. Not a resort type hotel that has a lot of facilities but it is a business type hotel instead. Only disadvantage is: need to take about 5 min's drive to the nearest subway station.	
Aug 22 2006 	The Best of our 4-Star Hotel Experiences in China	We stayed here for three nights and overall were very pleased with the hotel. The Vista could pass as a 5 star hotel in terms of lobby, room decor, facilities, and breakfast. The pool is EXCELLENT- on the 21st floor, it's a large swimming pool (and you don't need your bathing caps here; can't say that for many pools in China). as well as an adjacent sauna. Most of the staff speaks English to the point where you won't need to know much Chinese. We loved the room's shower as well- in the area of a bathtub, you instead have a shower ring from the ceiling, plus a seating place to rest while you use the hand shower head.Some of the other reviewers said that they missed breakfast- this is a huge mistake. The breakfast is more like brunch- an excellent array of food and drink is available. The food probably is more plentiful in terms of Asian cuisine, but there is a chef on hand to make western eggs, and I saw cereal, Bacon/Sausage each day. Unlike some hotels, there were at least 2 different hot dishes each day (some items are staples, while others vary). I strongly encourage you to have breakfast if you stay here (it was included in our package, which was a weekend rate that I found quite reasonable). Internet service worked flawlessly in our room- it was not cheap, I must say (1 yuan per minute, capped at 100 yuan for 24 hours).This is not to say that the Vista is a perfect place. The location of the hotel is a bit out of the way, but a quick taxi ride brings you to the main tourist areas for a reasonable ($2-3 US?) price. We arrived at night, and our cabbie had some trouble finding the hotel (we had our driver call the hotel and get directions/ cross streets, which thankfully worked out well). Room service was also so-so. The pizza was OK by American standards (at $8 US, it certainly wasn't cheap for this area!). The Singapore noodles we had were completely tasteless- shrimp, squid, other seafood all tasted the same. We ate dinner there once- it was not cheap, food was ok but nothing great, portions were tiny, and bottled water costs at 25-30 yuan ?!? We also were awaken at 7:30 by housekeeping on the first night - ouch; I guess we should have put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; out, but that was still early for a Saturday morning! Our mechanical latch was broken on the door, or at least it didn't seem to work. And You can book this hotel at their website and get a good rate; they promise the lowest internet rates on their site and we found it to be true. We would definitely stay here again if we came back to Shanghai. In the lobby I saw that the hotel won some sort of award for &quot;Best Mid Level Business Hotel in Asia.&quot;- I would tend to agree. In fact, we were so impressed with this hotel that we stayed at another Holiday Inn in Beijing (Holiday Inn Downtown, which wasn't up to the Vista's standards but it was OK).	
Jul 27 2006	A just-OK stay	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Vista in mid-July 2006 for 2 nights. A pretty clean hotel, but a little less polished than I'd expected. The color scheme is a little strange both in the lobby and in the rooms. Our room smelled a little funny when we first entered--smelled a little bit like a cleaning solution. Not bad, just took some getting used to. The bed was just OK--not exactly a flat box spring like the standard Chinese-style bed, but not a comfortable mattress either. There was a comfortable topper and nice down pillows on the bed.The room had cable with CNN, but the high speed internet cable was malfunctional in our room. We had to go down to the lobby to use wireless on our laptop, for which we paid a flat rate of 115RMB for a 24-hour pass. Not bad if you plan to use it a few times, but not cheap if you just want to check an email.The staff were professional and did their best to accommodate every request we made. We had problems with the internet at about 11pm and a staff member called one of their IT team to wake them up and get a password for us to use their lobby wireless. We also asked for a room on a higher floor, and they did change us.We didn't eat the breakfast, but we did try a dessert from the lobby bar. My husband took one bite and didn't take another after that. It looked sweet, but wasn't at all. You may expect that at a Chinese food court, but not at a western hotel.The location isn't very convenient at all. It's a 10-minute taxi ride from the nearest subway station (which is Jing An Si). All of the other areas that a tourist would want to visit are a fair distance away by taxi, at LEAST 15-20 minutes everywhere we went. It's just not an ideal location if you want to see the Bund, Pudong, Yuyuan Gardens, the French Concession, and those types of places. Overall, I would not stay here again for the rate we paid (about US$100 for a Deluxe room). I think there are more comfortable hotels with a better location out there for the price we paid. If you don't mind spending the extra time in taxis and you get a good deal on the hotel, it wouldn't be a bad place to stay.	
Jul 26 2006	Comfortable hotel	Very comfortable room with 2 good size beds. It was impeccably clean and contained all the little extras expected of a good hotel, including iron and board which wasnt always available as standard in chinese hotels.The breakfast was excellent with a good range of western choices and the service was first class both in room and in restaurants.One other poster mentioned staff rushing you, but I think they were just being so attentive that they thought they should clear the plates away as soon as you took your last mouthful. I found the staff very friendly and eager to practice their English! Overall I found the Chinese people to be very friendly.Only downside is the hotel is a bit out of the way, but a 5/10 taxi ride takes you to all the major spots.	
May 22 2006	A modern hotel which offers basic comforts	We stayed 3 days in this hotel for sightseeing. The location is a bit out of the way from the main attractions, but they are easily assessible via an abundance of taxis. We had a double-bedded room which was spacious and clean. The bed was comfortable and the room amenities were complete. A minor downside was that the bathroom was small for 2 people to be in it at the same time. Buffet breakfast was OK, with a mix of local &amp; western dishes. Service in the restaurant was average but not unfriendly. (We noted that the waitress always seemed to be in a hurry to clear the dishes &amp; cultery from our table without making sure if we were done with them.) Besides breakfast, we did not take any meals in the hotel as the restaurants were expensive. Service was good &amp; friendly in the rest of the hotel. We would book this hotel should we ever return to Shanghai again.	
Feb 14 2006 	Re : Modern and Comfortable Hotel	I stayed in Vista Shanghai a few times for business trip and have come to like this hotel. First the good aspect, this hotel is modern looking with contemporary furniture and the rooms are impeccably clean. I mean really clean, spotless. Right up there with the best 5-star hotel. Not a trace of dirtyness can be found anywhere. The bed is comfortable and in particular, the bathroom is great. Water pressure is strong and there is a overhead rainforest shower that provides a comfortable bath. The bathroom has nice amenities and there is a generous supply of bath and facial towels. However, there is no bath-tub in standard/delux rooms so for those who prefer tubs, take note. The room amenities are complete, everything the business traveller need including abundant powerplugs to charge your &quot;stuff&quot;. A big writing desk and broadband internet. Service is good and friendly though not outstanding. The house-cleaning staff is above-par compare to the rest and are more helpful and friendly. Now the bad aspect, the restaurants in the hotel are very expensive and food quality and selection only so-so, which you can get a much better deal if you visit restaurants outside. Also annoying is the lounge which I received most of my business guest. The lounge insist to &quot;allocate&quot; only 3 cups per tea-pot and if you have more than 3 visitors, good luck, pay for another pot. Location is a problem. For those on leisure, there is nothing to see within walking distance. However, the main shopping districts are just a 15min taxi ride away. I recommend this hotel if you are visiting Shanghai for business and basic comfort like a good rest is important and you can overlook some of its annoying aspects as mentioned above. It is also a very good bargain if you don't mind the location is a bit out of the way.	
Jan 29 2006 	Very good hotel by any measures	Very good modern hotel. I arrived relatively late and they had run out of standard rooms that I had a reservation for so they upgraded me to a suite. The room was very nice (and new). Good professional attitude. No problems with anything.Good choice of food for breakfast. Lobby bar was ok, but the pricing was pretty close to western prices.The location good be a bit better. You have to take taxi wherever you are going. Remember to take the hotel business card with you from the lobby, if you don't speak chinese.A big electronics store on the other side of the street with 5 floors of stuff.	
Nov 13 2005	Great room	Nice Hotel.After staying at the Ocean &quot; tour groups &quot; hotelthis was a gem. What I have found in China is the moreelaborate the lobby ( Chinese 4 &amp; 5 star ) the more disapointing the rooms will be.The rooms were clean, well appointed and spacious . Staff very courteous.Not central but taxis are cheap. On a main road.A bonus is that a new, just opened European superstote Carrefour is onlya 5 minute walk from the hotel.Never ate in the hotel so i can't comment on the food.but then again, food is so cheap in China who would pay to eat in overpriced hotel restaurants.Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 10 2005	Positive experience	This is a great hotel with nice amenities. Front desk people are very professional and courteous and they speak English! Concierge is very helpful as well. They helped me with directions to go the Bund and to the airport. They even stored our big luggage while we were out on a short trip to Guilin. Breakfast is buffett style but only tastes so-so. Location is not bad although I wish it were closer to the Bund or Nanjing Pedestrian Street. I would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Nov 23 2004	Very Professional	Very professional staff, very helpful and obliging.One of the staff provided me with a charger to recharge my mobile phone battery.Excellent room! Very spacious, and clean.The cleaning staff did a great job every morning. Great idea to provide complimentary bottled water in the room.Only problem is most people do not know where the hotel is situated.	
Nov 25 2009	Sehr gut aber...		
Nov 23 2009 	????????		
May 12 2009	Shanghai mit Wohlfühlfaktor		
Oct 1 2008 	Camas de ensueño muy buen hotel		
Sep 30 2008 	sencillamente fantastico		
Jun 20 2008 	Cuidado con el over booking		
Jan 2 2008 	Zimmer absolut sauber und gepflegt		
