Sep 21 2009 	Comfortable quiet welcoming....overall a superb place to say in this frenetic city of 20 million	There are seemingly countless choices here in Shanghai as far as places to stay. If you're interested in being close to the Bund and the every-bustling and colorful Nanjing pedestrian mall, this is not the place. But if you don't mind a 25-40 minute taxi drive (depending on the traffic) to get Pudong or the Bund area, there's no better place to stay in Shanghai than the Crowne Plaza Fudan.To note:1) The rooms are great: spacious, comfortable and very pleasant.2) The beds are very comfy with a variety of pillow styles.3) Internet service is fast though a bit pricey at 100 yuan/day max.4) The breakfast buffet is sumptuous and usually comes with the room charge.5) The Saturday night dinner buffet (often a two-for-one deal) for 198 yuan per person is also sumptuous.6) The staff, from management to bellhops to door greeters, are all great....friendly, smiling and well-trained.7) There's a local restaurant that's good and quite cheap nearby if you don't feel like spending 60 yuan on a plate of spaghetti at the hotel resto. (I got a plate of reasonable pasta at this restaurant for all of 12 yuan.) Ask the concierge where the closest Chinese restaurant is, walk to it and then walk right past it and go into the inner parking lot area where you'll see the local, budget restaurant.If this is your first time in Shanghai, you won't go wrong by staying at the Crowne Plaza Fudan.	
Jun 30 2009 	An Exceptional Hotel At A Great Price!	An outstanding hotel located in the Northern urban area of Shanghai (YangPu), just across from FuDan University. My first visit to this hotel was in February 2007 and is about the only place I will stay when visiting Shanghai. True, the hotel is a little out of the way, but it is nice to be away from the hustle and bustle of the downtown hotels which are priced like New York City. The service at this hotel is equal to or better than the higher priced downtown hotels at almost half the price. At night, the area is peaceful and very safe as you are across from the University in the area the students live. There is also a little campus shopping area 1 block from the hotel to get a sit down meal at a very reasonable price, along with convenience stores, coffee shops, fresh fruit, and a small grocery store to get basic staples.The staff is primarily Chinese and their English, and some other languages (French, Indian, German) are quite good to excellent. Most all of the staff are genuinely friendly to the guests, which is a rarity as I have lodged at several hotels in China where the &quot;friendly smile&quot; only goes as far as until you walk away. If you know anything about Chinese culture, many will put on a friendly face, even if they would prefer to...., well, you know what I mean.The hotel also offers web rates including an exceptional buffet breakfast that caters to Chinese, Japanese, and Western tastes. All of the food is fresh and usually replenished quickly, except at peak times. If you have a special food request, it usually can be handled easily.I have read other reviews that lament the fact that the subway is a long walk, however the bus system is also very easy to use as many lines go by the hotel. Most all of the buses will announce and scroll the next stop in Chinese and English. Until subway line 10 opens nearby, take the 139 bus (2 RMB) across Han Dan Road in front of the University, to HongKou football stadium (about 5 stops), and from there you have subway line 3 and 8 to choose from. Remember to bring 1 yuan (RMB) coins as most buses don't make change. Line 8 will take you to People's Square where you can connect to most anywhere in the city on lines 1 &amp; 2, or walk 2 blocks to the NanJing Road pedestrian shopping mecca. If you are in a hurry, a taxi fare to downtown Puxi is approximately 30 RMB and 30 minutes. To the PuDong area is about the same price.Locally, if you walk 1-1/2 km east you will reach WuJiaoChang center which is a complex of shopping malls and restaurants. Too hot or tired to walk, take bus 850 for 1 RMB down 1 stop and you will be dropped off at the Wanda Plaza, part of the mall complex.People have also said that getting to the hotel from PuDong International is difficult. If you e-mail the hotel and ask, they will respond with Chinese instructions on the hotels location for the taxis.Basically, if you are interested in staying in a quiet area and saving money, but you still want 4/5 star attention and service, this is THE hotel to stay at.	
Jun 25 2009 	Very good hotel excellent service but location is a bit of a drawback.	We recently stayed at the Crowne Plaza Fudan Shanghai and found the hotel to be very enjoyable and the service to be outstanding. The hotel is modern, extremely clean and well kept, with a good variety of facilities. The service-oriented, attentive, and responsive attitude of all the hotel staff was excellent - very commendable. The only drawback I found was the location of the hotel, being well-removed from the core of Shanghai and about 30+ minutes walking distance from the nearest subway station. You basically must rely on taxis for all local travel. While the hotel staff is very good about telling the taxi drivers exactly where you want to go and will provide hotel cards with the location of the hotel in Chinese, I still had a few problems with drivers being able to find the hotel, especially in taking taxis from Pudong airport including one driver, who clearly was completely lost and drove all over trying to find it -- and then tried to charge me 240 RMB for what should have been a 160 RMB fare. Fortunately, the Crowne Plaza staff negotiated with the driver, on my behalf, to reduce the fare to 180 RMB. Overall, it was a great hotel stay, with the only downside being its location.	
Jun 7 2009 	Good Hotel a bit far from Downtown 	The Hotel is close to Fudan University in Shanghai. Do carry the Map or instructions in Chinese how to reach hotel. Not all Taxi Drivers know the place, Our Cabby had to ask a few people at the Airport. But we finally found it. The hotel property is good and the rooms are spacious from Shanghai Standards.	
May 29 2009 	Must have been good. At 10 pm the Concieage convinced us that there will be no resturant open in shanghai.	The concierge here should apply for the worst in the world. They said ALL restaurants close by 10, 10.30 and we could go to the hotel bar. We head upstairs only to be told they are closed as well. So landed at Macdonald's . The sofa upholstery was not befitting a Crown Plaza.  Also learnt that they do not offer lounge access for Gold cards guests- unlike a Hilton.	
Mar 16 2009 	Very pleasant hotel	I stayed a week in the Crowne Plaza Fudan at the club level (15th to 18 th floors. Everything was fine and I had a very pleasant stay. I recommend the club on 19th floor: they have a daily &quot;happy hour&quot; from 5:30 pm to 7:30 pm with pleasant atmosphere, drinks and various canapes. Breakfast buffet is gorgeous, service excellent, rooms are clean, chech-in and out speedy and simple. If you wish to avoid taxis (half an hour in no-rush time), there are two metro stations at half an hour walking distance in both directions from the hotel along Handan Road. A huge shopping center, named Wanda Plaza is a the relative vicinity. Nice little garden in the Fudan University campus, just in front of the hotel. Many bookstores and little cafés in the nearby residential area South of the hotel where you can meet students.	
Jan 5 2009 	Out of the Way but worth it.	I liked this hotel. Out of the centre of Shanghai, but convenient for where I was working and a relatively short cab ride from the phrenetic centre. No issues about early check in, having just arrived on overnight flight. Room very comfortable with all the facilities I could wish for - or needed and high standard of cleansiness.Breakfasts excellent choice of east and west included in very reasonable room rate. I had two formal meals- one Chinese banquet organised by my hosts, the other a European style meal to reciprocate- both excellent. Bar prices reasonable.Health club and pool very well equipped and looked after- only annoying thing was requests to fill in assessments of the quality of service from staff on several occasions. Staff overall very friendly and reasonable prices for use of phone and business centre.Check out very efficient. Convenient ATM in foyer	
Dec 9 2008 	fantastic hotel	Very modern hotel with comfortable facilities. The room is nice especially the bed. The newly opened restaurant is quite good with the delicious tapas food. I love this hotel.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Fudan Shanghai based on Tripadvisor recommendations, and we were not disappointed. The hotel is new and our superior grade room was spacious and nicely decorated. The bathroom was the most elegant of any of the hotels on our tour of China. The staff was extremely attentive. We were met at the door on our arrival and escorted to the check-in desk. We arrived at 12:00 p.m. and were given a room immediately. The bell boy showed us to our room and explained everything about our room including the fire evacuation route! The hotel food was very good although the drinks were expensive. My only complaint is that prior to leaving for our trip I wrote an email to the hotel requesting the concierge to write with directions, in Chinese, to give my taxi driver. I never received a response. Fortunately I was able to have my tour guide in Xi'an translate the directions into Chinese prior to our arrival in Shanghai. This was very important as taxi drivers weren't too sure of how to find the hotel-we discovered this the first time we went sightseeing and got driven to the wrong hotel. Overall, this was an excellent hotel and I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 1 2008 	great hotel	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza Fudan Shanghai for 4 nights in June 2008. We found the hotel to be great.We arrived from our overnight flight at 10:00am and our room was ready for us to check in. This was an unexpected suprise as it allowed us to have a shower and a small nap before heading out for the day. We had emailed the hotel earlier and had them scan and email the taxi card &quot;please take me to the ___&quot; in chinese. This is something you really should do for any hotel as it makes getting there a lot easier.The room was very large and clean. The bed was comfortable and they also had a pillow menu. The staff were also very helpful. The inside of the hotel was very nice, with modern artworks and interior design evident.The hotel is opposite the Fudan university and is a bit out of the main touristy areas like the bund, however cabs are so cheap it doesn't matter as it only costs about $5 to get to the other side of town.For lunch a couple of times we went to the Fudan walking street - about a 1 minute walk from the hotel and had some wonderful food at the restuarants there.This hotel was really cheap at only around 600RMB from Crowne directly. Other hotels on Nanjing Lu are 2 - 3 times more expensive for a similar quality.	
Jun 29 2008 	some rough spots	This hotel shows that China has come a long way in customerservice and amenities. There are wonderful features of thisestablishment, but customers should be aware of a fewrough spots around the edges. While the room rates arefar below those of comparable US hotels in large cities,there are a few surprises: (1) internet is exorbitantly expensive;daily in-room internet is 100RMB, about 12 US dollars; (2) foodoptions are limited; the simplest request like a sandwich ora cup of coffee can be difficult to arrange; (3) the lunch buffetis 20 US dollars and extremely mediocre. Otherwise my stayhas been very comfortable.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great hotel. Fair location.	Four star hotel. Great staff, facilities. Only downside is that it's well away from everything of interest and neighborhood doesn't have a lot of character. Factor in cab rides whenever you want to go anywhere.	
Feb 23 2008 	Really enjoyed this hotel.	We spent four nights at this excellent hotel. Our room was large, well appointed, very comfortable and clean.We paid a little extra for access to the club floor and this proved very worth while. Here we had breakfast, checked our email, enjoyed evening cocktails and canapes, and popped in for coffee whenever we wanted. All without further charge.All the staff were always most attentive, welcoming and helpful.By chance we were there for Chinese New Year so had the additional benefit of meeting two dragons in the club lounge as part of the festivities!The hotel is a short taxi ride from the Shanghai Bund and city centre, fare about 35 yuan, and a short walk to a massive mall with every kind of shop and restaurant.	
Feb 19 2008 	Superb	I booked the hotel because I were at Fudan University. I did not bother about the distance from Shanghai city centre but my trips to the Bund took usually 25/30 minutes and costs only 5 euro by taxi. The plus of the hotel are definitely the rooms. Even standard rooms have every kind of amenity, from slippers, bathrobes, bathroom amenities, and balance to office utilities. The bed are very large and really comfortable (true the story about the 6 different types of pillows). Bathroom is very large and contains bathtub as well as separate glass shower. Internet is available in standard rooms but it does cost you 100 RMB per day; in the lobby and restaurant a wi-fi free connection is accessible.The breakfast and dining buffets are above average with wide selection of food, but not top class and quite expansive (dining buffet is above 200 RMB). For eating, there is also a big shopping area close to the hotel (10 minutes walking). Service in all hotel facilities is always remarkable. Indoor large swimming pool and gym are noteworthy (changing rooms, sauna and whirpool in particular). Overall a great and comfortable hotel in the upper range of the 5 star category.	
Dec 11 2007	Good Value But Location Inconvenient	We had a day in transit and need a room in Shanghai and booked a Club room for about 950 Yuan. The room was quite nice, the breakfast buffet above average, the free internet nice, and the service accomodating. For a night stop over it fits the bill, but for a longer term base for touring the city, we would suggest paying more and getting closer to the town center. It's a long taxi drive into town and IF ITS RAINING AND NEAR WORKER QUITTING TIME you may have a long wait for a taxi --- try 90 minutes waiting in the rain. At least if you are more downtown you can access the Metro which we did on our later return stay at the Royal Meridien.	
Nov 16 2007 	Excellent value great hotel so so location.	Clean as a whistle, nice room, club floor rate included lovely breakfast as well as happy hour which lasted until 9:00 and included alcoholic beverages.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great Stay!	I'll echo the sentiments of most people below...A GREAT hotel!I booked a club-level room, as it seemed the best deal, which gave me breakfast in the morning (sufficient--not outstanding, but good food, decent selection) and evening cocktails and appetizers (which for me is enough for dinner). One of the better values I've had in Shanghai at about RMB1000 for the club level with all the add ons.The room was clean, spacious and offered about 8 English TV stations--more than most places in China. My only gripe about the club level was the lack of free in-room internet--I do expect to pay for internet access, but not when on a club floor, as it's included at most other hotels in Asia, including the more-expensive sister-property Intercontinental Pudong Shanghai. Bathroom was very large--tub and separate glass shower.Service was very good, both on the 'ground floor' and up in the club room. When I arrived at the hotel, I presented my passport to 'Rose', who told me I should check in at the Club Level. Rose was awesome, almost too accomodating...She took me up there personally, asked me what I wanted to drink and brought me a Qingdao beer while another girl checked me in. That was not the end of my 'Rose Experience'. She happened to be standing near the door when I returned from my office the second day--she acknowledged me by name and proceeded to escort me up to my room, all while making friendly small-talk about my day and life in general...I believe the Chinese call it 'Tan Tian', translating literally to 'talking about the sky', or, small-talk. :)The club floor staff was so helpful it was almost over-crowding of me...I couldn't get my own diet coke or beer, let alone trying to re-fill my water glass with ice, and they were there to swoop up finished plates in about 10 seconds. I'm not really complaining, because I never complain about good service!Great hotel, great experience...The hotel is far away from anything exciting in Shanghai, and that's fine by me. It was about a half-hour ride to my office, but worth it for this great property at such a great value! Definitely going to consider it again next time in Shanghai.	
Oct 14 2007 	Watch your CC statement	Extremely comfortable and large beds in clean, spacious rooms. Hotel room rate was good value for money for Shanghai (around 600 RMB) although this did NOT include breakfast, and the in-room dining menu was in my view very expensive. The location was not so good if you want to be amongst the action. A Cab from the Pudong area to the hotel at night cost about 60 - 70 RMB. However, a #139 Bus heading west on handan road for 2 RMB (about three stops) takes you to the very convenient subway station.I was disappointed by only one aspect. The hotel charged my credit card a second, extra amount ($30) prior to our stay, without my consent. I noticed this on my statement, and when I contacted them about it they were, curiously, unable to satisfactorily explain how it happened or what the fee represented. They were reluctant to refund it, and (only upon my insistence) instead offered it to me as a credit to spend on hotel services. Then when we actually arrived at the hotel, I received a different, inconsisent explanation as to what the charge represented. They seemed unwilling or unable to refund the amount to my card, but they ultimately paid me out the cash. Just check your CC statement...	
Oct 7 2007	Great hotel but inconvenient location	This hotel is sparkling new and beautiful. The staff and concierge are very helpful and knowledgeable. The price is incredibly reasonable. I booked on the Crowne Plaza website a room rate of 670 yuan per night for a double including breakfast. The breakfast was very nice with a wide selection of Asian and Western dishes. The cafe also offered nice desserts which served as a wonderful afternoon snack. There are other restaurants in the hotel as well although we didn't try them.The downside was the hotel's distance from areas of Shanghai most tourists want to visit. Our daily taxi fares amounted to $20 or $30 a day. Shanghai has a very good subway system. If I stayed at this hotel again, I would take a taxi to the closest subway station in order to cut down on transportation costs. For dining, there is a very good shopping and dining center very close to the hotel, not within walking distance, but only a five minute taxi drive away.	
Sep 10 2007	Sensational Hotel Experience	A friend and I have just returned ffrom a week staying at the Crowne Plaza Fudan. We stayed on one of the club floors which represented excellent value for money. The rooms are beautiful with THE most comfortable beds. The club floor provides breakfast, beverages during the day and wine/spririts and canapes in the evening. It's quiet and lovely. The only drawback is that the staff speak very little English but if you're prepared to explore Shangahi with an easy-to-read Subway map you'll have no problems. The concierge is your best bet for English speaking assistance. Enjoy!	
Aug 31 2007 	Lovely hotel	Very clean and spacious room, good food in the restaurant and very helpful staff. Location is about 30 mins from the Bund . Club lounge good for internet access, breakfast ok, nothing special.	
Aug 28 2007 	Fantastic hotel i na quite but convenient area	It may seems foolish to many booking a hotel room near Fudan University, when Shanghai city centre has plenty of great hotels. Yet, this Crowne Plaza deserves a go! It's just 10 kms. from Pudong/the Bund ( a mere 25/30 RMB of taxi fare!), and the hotel is great!The lobby is not enormous, but big enough to accommodate groups. Check in was pretty fast. That's important!Even though we arrived at about 10 am at the hotel, our king club room was aready available. As you can see from the picture, it's a modern, new and arge room, with every amenity you can expect from a 5 stars hotel, including, slippers, bathrobes, office utilities, in-room internet (100 RMB per day), bathroom amenities.The bed was very large, and comfortable! If you have any allergy, just ask the Housekeeping, as they have as many as 6 different types of pillows to accommodate every guest!The hotel opened in June 2006, and in fact it's very new! The Club Lounge - located at the top floor (all the club rooms are located in the top 3 floors too) is large, and the staff always helpful! Breakfast there was very good (buffet style, very good quality); all day drinks available; and evening cocktail hour with canapes (very good ones! 4 choices of white wines, just to tell you something about the quality of this hotel!).This hotel boasts a Beauty Salon/spa (we didn't try it), a gym (very new! Not big, but with state-of-the-art treadmills, step and rowing machines, and three or fours other machines plus weights) and an indoor swimming pool (large and with access to a open air terrace with chairs and tables). Changing trooms are top notch, with sauna and whirpool! Wow!The hotel has a wine bar, a Tea Lounge and a restaurant. The concierge is very helpful, and they booked our train tickets to Beijing easily, fastly and with just 50 RMB surcharge per person! So why go to the train station when you can ask them??Taxis are readily available. The hotel is located just opposite to Fudan University, a quite area with a lot of students! It can give you a glimpse of everyday Chinese life!My only compliant is that the staff doesn't speak an adequate english. It's really difficult make them understand everything but the simplest requests. Anywho, there are a couple of good english speakers, so just locate them and stich to them!All in all, this hotel is very good, some way between a 4 and aa 5 stars hotel And the price is very cheap, compared to same quality hotel located downtown (club room for just 900 RMB/day! Isn't that a bargain??). I'm sure that if you choose this hotel, you won't be disappointed!Rating: A--	
Jun 27 2007 	Great hotel and staff	We really liked the hotel, service, concierge services, room quality, club lounge at this hotel. The breakfast was average and not as good as other hotels we stayed at in China but the other things made up for that. The beds were very comfortable. The club lounge with internet was very useful. We were 2 adults and 2 children (11, 7) in one room which had two double beds. The room worked well for us. The kids loved the pool. The location is a negative but the hotel was very comfortable and taxis were never a problem to find. The hotel’s concierge handled tickets for the Shanghai Circus for us. The concierge staff was very helpful in making reservations, providing recommendations. The food mall they recommended for lunch about 15 yuan by taxi was a great place to go for meals. There are all kinds of restaurants here including the Pizza Huts etc. There is a Walmart behind the food mall area too. There is also an excellent Chinese restaurant called &quot;Real Good Seafood Restaurant&quot;. The food and service was very good here. The market price fresh fish can be pricey though it was the best fish I have had in a long time.	
Jun 3 2007 	New hotel	Great hotel. Very new at the time we stayed there. Staff struggle a bit with their English. Best to find someone who's relatively fluent and stick with them during you time there. Location is a bit off centre, but there are plenty of taxis around (It will take around twenty minutes to the centre of town). The restaurant is a bit on the steep side considering food is quite cheap in China, but the food is really nice. There is also a large electronics mall just up the road which can be handy if you get your camera stolen (like happened to us a few days before in Beijing!). Overall, a good place to stay for the mid-range traveller.	
May 9 2007 	Nice place	Before we left, I looked for reviews on hotels in Shanghai. I was left somewhat confused, but this hotel seemed to have all good reviews. So I booked it, and was not disappointed. This is really very good value for your money, very large rooms (deluxe if I remember well), good service, and actually also a nice restaurant. Rooms are clean and have all the comfort. It takes a taxi drive into the center, but the price is low (3 or 4 euro), and the center is not Paris or Rome., so it's not necessary - I would say - to stay in the center as a tourist.	
May 1 2007	Wow!	We stayed here with our tour group Smartours and it was fabulous to say the least! The only thing that I can say bad is the distance between it and the city (about a 25-35 minute cab ride depending on traffic) and that they did not have anything besides down comforters. My travel companion is severly allergic to down and was forced to sleep with just a sheet because they stated they had no other blankets....but aside from that....beautiful and very classy!	
Apr 20 2007	Love it!	I stayed at this hotel from April 12-14, 2007.Architectural &amp; Interior Design- Understated, contemporary.Rooms - Complete with interent service, comfortable beds, flat screen TV, mini bar, robes/slippers. Housekeeping does a great job!Breakfast Buffet at the Cafe - Good spread of western/chinese cuisine but poor service at the height of the morning rush.Check In/Out - painless and efficient.The only drawback is the location which is at least 20 minutes w/o traffic from downtown. The driver of the cab we rode in is not even familiar of this hotel.This is definitely a 5 star hotel!	
Apr 15 2007 	Wonderfulwonderful hotel	This is a great hotel! The best I have ever stayed in. The beds were heavenly; the service fantastic; the executive lounge perfect! Allan, the manager of the executive lounge, was extremely gracious and helpful, ensuring a fantastic stayI doubt i will ever stay anywhere else in Shanghai. Shanghai is a big city. Unless you want to spend all your time in one area, you are going to have to use taxis anyway. Location is not that much of an issue and this hotel provides wonderful value	
Apr 8 2007 	The only thing to consider	I can't add much to what's already been said. We had 4 nights at the hotel, and everything (room, food, etc.) was superb. The only downside, as has been mentioned, is the location. And I would say that your choice is between excellent value and convenient location. If you want to be near the action, don't stay here unless you're willing to put up with long cab rides (20 minutes once off-peak; 30 or more otherwise), and the posibility (as happened twice out of 8 rides) that the driver will get lost on his way back to the hotel. It would have been nice to stay downtown, especially when it was so difficult to get a cab back to the hotel during rush hour. It would have been nice to step out of the door and into the shopping/dining/sightseeing/entertaining area. But that would have cost 4 times the amount that we paid ($82 a night, booked by phone with IHG reservations, including a great breakfast buffet.) for a comparable property. The reservations agent told us that we qualified for a weekend rate, which we wouldn't have known otherwise. So, if you don't care about being in the boonies, this is a fantastic value.	
Mar 24 2007 	BEST VALUE IN SHANGHAI	I have spent more than 500 nights in hotels in China and at least 50 nights in the best of Shangai including the Pudong Shangri-la, Portman Ritz Carlton, Renaissance and Westin. The Crown Plaza is almost equal to the best and at much less than half the price. I checked in to the Club Floor at 7:30 PM and was very pleased to find their happy hour went till 8:00 PM. Most hotels close their club happy hours at 7:00 PM. The club lounge is one of the nicest and has top shelf liquors and several hot hors doerves. Unlike many of the hotel club floors, it was surprisingly empty and the service very good. The location is not convenient but is worth the savings. One of my taxi drivers from Pudong airport had trouble finding it so download the map or directions from the web site before you go.	
Dec 6 2006 	Excellent Hotel		
Nov 26 2006 	Fantastic Hotel 		
Nov 21 2006	Best Quality Price in Asia		
Nov 12 2006	One of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in		
Oct 29 2006 	Very Pleased with Hotel Amenities		
Oct 23 2006	First Class All the Way		
Oct 1 2006 	Excellent hotel		
Aug 27 2006	Absolutely Wonderful Hotel		
Aug 17 2006 	Great! Hotel		
Oct 3 2009 	???????		
Sep 28 2009 	???????		
Aug 11 2009	??????		
Mar 7 2009	?????????????		
Jan 21 2009 	?????????????????????		
Sep 27 2008 	????????????		
May 5 2008 	Excellent hotel		
