Nov 21 2009 	Disappointed cannot be called an art gallery hotel	I read about this hotel from Business Traveler Magazine and had some expectations on the decor and design of this @Gallery Suites (Art Gallery Suites Hotel). However, when I entered into a tiny lobby with only one small piece of artwork, I began to doubt. Then, when I entered into my own suite (#301), I was very surprised as it is no where like what the BT Magazine described. My room has a plain green wall with no art work, no design and such. The room size is good but it was so noisy from car horns on the street from like six in the morning till mid-night. Service is okay but this new hotel definitely does not meet my expectation and I will not stay there again.	
Nov 9 2009 	Art Décor Style in Shanghai	I was in Shanghai for business and stayed 6 nights at the Gallery Suites Hotel. I have heard of this hotel because it is owned by a Singapore tour company and also because the interior style of their rooms have been much talked about in the local press.Objectively speaking, the location of the hotel is rather ideal as it is located in the French Concession quarters. The surrounding environment has a somewhat European feel and there are many little eateries and restaurants nearby. The underground station is merely a few minutes’ walk away and the Huaihai Road shopping street is only 2 stations away. There is also a shopping district about 5mins’ walk, through a nice park, so you really won’t feel the distance.The hotel itself is a conservation building and has only 50+ rooms. Rooms are spacious and very well-appointed. One thing to note is that the rooms may be more suitable for couples or single travelers as the bathroom is separated from the bedroom with only a beaded curtain and nothing else (at least for the room I had). The room is equipped with LCD TV, DVD player, free internet access and iPod docking station (on request). The hotel will also provide you a mobile phone for local calls, which I think is a very useful service. Staff are generally attentive and obliging and most speak English. Breakfast, although it is included in the room rates, starts only 7.30am, so if you need to leave the hotel earlier for business or tour, you can request for them to pack some local breakfast for you.All in all, I cannot find anything negative about the hotel and would not hesitate to recommend anyone who is thinking of staying there. I would probably stay here again if I need to go to Shanghai in the future!	
Oct 29 2009	The only boutique hotel in Shanghai!	If you're looking for a unique experience then the gallery suites is an ideal boutique hotel option!We travelled as a group of over 20 ppl and the hotel managed to accommodate our needs sufficiently. An added bonus was the friendly staff who did their best to ensure each guest had a pleasant experience. Special thanks to Frankie , Ben, Angie and the rest of the team that assisted us.The hotel is newly opened and has a non smoking policy in place to everyone's delight. Rooms were spacious and were beautifully decorated in an art deco style of old Shanghai but with all the modern day conveniences we like. Recommend you take time to enjoy the tea room and art gallery they have!Hotel is located in the picturesque French Concession area and was also close to the main attractions of Shanghai. The only meal the hotel provides is breakfast which was simple but service was disappointing. Unfortunately there's no room service available either but given the experience with breakfast may be a good opportunity to try one of the many restaurants in the area.We all had a great experience and would recommend this hotel for both personal and small group tours.	
Sep 14 2009 	Very Nice Indeed	This is how impressed I am with this beautifully restored boutique hotel in Shanghai - I can't wait to get home to give them the review :) therefore I am writing it here in the room now.Location-wise it's great as it's only a very short walk to the Heng Shan Lu/Road Station (Line 1) on the Metro (subway) line, it's not right at &quot;downtown&quot; which works out perfectly for us as I get to experience more of the local flavours of Shanghai. It's in a residential area next to a little park. We got a nice room that also has a &quot;sun-room&quot; which is great to relax on the chaise lounge after an action-packed day of walking and sight-seeing (or if you are here on business).Breakfast is included though the choices may be a little limited - (yet sufficient) - for us it's a not a problem as we prefer to go for the local options of soy milk and fried dough (You Tiao in Mandarin) for breakfast anyway - being Chinese it's a treat to relive those fond child memories.Everyone here has been extremely friendly and approachable, while at the same time very efficient. We arrived after a long flight from Chicago direct, and it was a little before their scheduled check-in time of 3 pm. The room wasn't ready then (which we didn't expect it to be since it's a relatively small operation of less than 40 rooms) so we were treated with tea/coffee at the lounge. The Guest Service Manager offered to give us a tour of the building and some of the rooms (so if we are happy with any of them instead of our designated room they would be happy to switch for us). They are all beautiful rooms indeed, the interior designers did a fantastic job restoring this heritage listed art deco building.In the end though, we still prefer the room we were assigned to (for the fact that it has a little triangular &quot;sun-room&quot;) - the wait wasn't too long really.I had chosen this hotel for the fact that they advertised it as an entirely non-smoking property (which of course is very important when one has issues with allergies). I had stayed in other properties in Asia before, at times even if you requested a non-smoking room (or non-smoking floor), the room would still stink like an ash-tray regardless of the hotel class. So this really was a big selling point for people like me.At check-in, we also discovered that they would provide you with a mobile phone to use (I even got my Skype-in number diverted to it) so you are still connected even when out and about, very handy! There is no charge for in-coming calls, think about all the roaming charges you save :)YES, I would love to stay here again if we visit Shanghai in the future.	
Sep 5 2009 	Step back in time at this fantastic boutique hotel	Positioned near Hengshan Road station this is a great little hotel. Only 40 rooms decorated in Art Deco style, the staff couldn't have been more welcoming and friendly. I had problems with my TV which they immediately apologised for and upgraded me to a bigger Art Deco Suite.Great place to base yourself to explore the wonderful French Concession and it's a only 15 minutes on the subway to get to the Bund and Pudong.It has been recently opened and they have done a great job in keeping the character of the building. They are still waiting for the cable channels to be installed for overseas TV shows, but that's hardly a problem. There is a cafe downstairs where you can get a complimentary breakfast, but didn't see if they offered room service for meals and/or drinks.Overall, a thoroughly good, clean and spacious hotel, and if I go back to Shanghai then I will certainly stay there again.	
Nov 25 2009 	Excellent		
Oct 29 2009	?????????????		
