Nov 16 2009 	Enjoyed our stay at this great hotel	We stayed here for a couple of nights as part of a tour group. From our room on the tenth floor, we had a great view of the city. Included with our room was a buffet breakfast with both western and Chinese food. The place is conviently located and there is a large shopping mall within walking distance. We enjoyed lunch in one of its restaurants, E Cafe, which reminded us somewhat of Starbucks and had pastries and sandwiches along with excellent coffee and tea.	
Jun 6 2009	Enjoyable hotel but was subject to loud nightly construction noise	We stayed at the Equatorial Hotel from May 20-23, and were very aware of the loud construction noise outside of our hotel window. Regardless of what the General Manager said in the previous post, the whole front of the hotel was subject to this noise.We tolerated it for the beginning of our stay, but the noise during the last night was so loud that neither my husband or I was able to sleep. On the positive side, when we notified the front desk we were immediately transferred to another room on our floor that faced another direction and was quiet.Another issue about the hotel was the internet access. We did not have our own computer, so went to the Business Center to use their computers to access our email.They charge for 15 minute segments of time online, but the system was so slow that we didn't even get online for 20-25 minutes. We finally did get on, but the system was so slow that we ended up paying for an hour of time.We were staying at this hotel as part of a &quot;China Sampler&quot; trip on SmarTours. We really enjoyed Shanghai. This hotel had a very nice breakfast, with a large array of food choices for all types of tastes. They had the best eggroll that I ever tasted, as well as good dim sum and omelets for breakfast. The hotel is walking distance from Nanjing Road, which is an interesting and lively shopping street. We actually took a walk there and did some shopping (&quot;window only&quot; as the prices were very high.)We were amazed at the size of Shanghai and the millions of people and cars that were there. It was a very modern city with lots of interesting sights.	
May 10 2009 	Nice hotel pity about the roadworks	I spent one night at this hotel while in Shanghai for business. The hotel is well kept, elegant and comfortable. The rooms are not huge, but look fantastic and there is an acceptable number of English language channels on the TV.Unfortunately, even at my request for a quiet room, I was put in a room facing the main road which had road works operating from 8pm onwards (on a Sunday night). The windows did little to keep out the noise of jackhammers and construction vehicles and as a result I got very little sleep.The other main downside is the expensive internet acces which is unacceptable for a hotel with a business traveller slant.The hotel itself is quite a long way from the main entertainment/shopping district and &quot;the Bund&quot; - a taxi will be needed.If you can get a quiet room this would be quite an acceptable hotel to stay in.	
Apr 3 2009 	Doubt I Will Stay Again	There is nothing particularly wrong with Equatorial but I couldn’t wait to get out of there. No complaints about the room or the bathroom with small add-ons that matter, like toiletries, slippers, bathrobes, a tea pot, or a safe deposit box. There is a swimming-pool and a gym, both 6am-11pm. But this is where niceties end.The hotel staff has an aura of misery: no one is really helpful and forget smiles. Breakfast looks like a lot of variety but hardly anything tastes nice whether it is Western, Chinese, or sushi. Hotel has quite a few restaurants and bars but all are overpriced and lack the ambiance. Free WiFi is provided almost in all cafes on the premises but loud music makes it hard to work. Laundry service and in-house beautician are very pricy.I didn’t like the hotel at all. The building was ugly, breakfast tasteless, and what mattered most was the staff attitude. Will try to find something different for my next stay.	
Dec 16 2008 	central location in Shanghai	I stayed at the Equatorial for 1st 2weeks in December 2008. The hotel is immaculately clean and staff very helpful.I stayed on the 26th Floor and had access to the lounge - the extra 100RMB was worth it if you used it, complimentory tea/coffee all day, complimentory breakfast (normally 128 RMB) complimentory snacks 3.30 - 5.30 pm (very nice!) complimentory drinks + local beer 5.30 - 7.30 pm and free selection of daily papers. For the business users the lounge also offers broadband and pc access although WiFi is available (signal weak and tempremental on floor 26)the 'entertainment' in the cafe lounge consisted of a live singer accompanied by piano may be ok for some but not to my taste - i much preferred the live music on the top floor at the Hilton next door if i was to tell the truth, also being 12 floors higher the views are better as well.The 'golden question' is would i stay there again Honestly - i would if i had to as there is nothing wrong with the hotel but there is nothing that would make me make it first choice	
Nov 29 2008 	Good quality hotel	Good quality hotel that ticked all the boxes for a business hotel. Restaurants and bars were good services was excellent.	
Nov 13 2008 	Credit card malpractice	I had a wonderful stay at this hotel. But what transpired after has completely changed my opinion.On checkout, I paid by credit card. The hotel bills were in RMB, and the “TOTAL:” mentioned on the credit card bills were also in RMB. I expected to see the amount appear on my credit card bill in RMB, which my bank would then convert to Euro (my base currency) at that day's rate of 9.072284. Instead, when I received my credit card bill, I found to my horror that the hotel had billed me directly in Euros, at a *lower rate* of 8.889. And on top of that, my credit card company charged a foreign transaction charge, which is of course as per the T&amp;M. I contacted the hotel, and the manager wrote back saying that I paid in Euro. Ha! What a smart way to make extra money. If indeed the frontdesk person wanted to charge in Euro, she should have made that explicitly clear. She should have asked me before charging me in Euro. This malpractice on the part of a 5* hotel is very sad and ended up costing me a lot of money because of the conversion diff.So stay away from this hotel, or be careful about such credit card frauds.	
Nov 9 2008 	good hotel but not close to subway.	Large modern hotel. Efficient check-in. Most staff spoke English. Rooms were large and bathroom modern and clean. Complimentary terry robes, slippers, water, tea and coffee. Housekeeping staff very helpful. We ordered room service one night...pizza and salad. It was pretty good and service was quick.Location was not as central as we hoped..about 10 minutes away by cab to French Concession. On the last day we discovered some nice shopping areas within walking distance from the hotel. Not near any subway and was a long taxi ride to the Bund as the traffic was always terrible.	
Jul 5 2008 	Perfect location classy 4 star hotel	The Equatorial in Shanghai is part of the Malaysian chain and in a perfect location, just minutes via fly-over to the Jing'an Temple and West Nanjing Rd. You are minutes via cab to all the main attractions, such as East Nanjing Rd, People Sq and Huahai Rd. Rooms are well decorated, modern decor and with all the mod cons. We were upgraded to a club room, which are the same as the deluxe rooms, but on the highest floors. You wont get club lounge access if you get upgraded incidentally! Breakfast is great, as is the fitness centre, but hotel guests can only use the pool, you have to pay 150RMB p/p if you want to use the Jacuzzi.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great 4 star	This is a well located 4 star which is trying really hard to please. I was upgraded to the Equatorial Club floor this time (my second visit) and - while the separate check in and dedicated breakfast were nice - I wouldn't extra pay for this. Promised complimentary cocktails turned out to be a choice between orange juice and beer! The food in several locations I tried was all good and the staff universally attentive. Its not 5 star but then the prices aren't either. Trying really hard - a good effort under a British Gemeral Manager who seems to have his fingers on the pulse.	
Apr 5 2008	Perfect mix of Value location and great accomodations	Stayed in two rooms in the Equatorial in March, 2008 for 6 nights with my wife and two boys, ages 10 and 12. The price was pretty good. The view in our rooms was not bad. You could see a great distance but not much in the way of seeing any landmarks. The windows open which was nice to get fresh air. We thought the location was great. First we could walk to the French concession and we also took a long walk all the way to the Bund. There is an easy crosswalk over the highway that takes you right across the street to a gorgeous park. In that park is a stunning polonician resturaunt. Through the park is the entrance to the Metro.Each night I went merely around the block and found several local noodle shops, and other nice little resturants. The breakfast buffet was pretty good every morning with eastern and western foods.We used the pool and spa several times. Both were nicer than I even expected. The pool has a great view of the fascinating Shanghai traffic flow on the expressway. They are currently updating the spa but it was quite nice to begin with. There is a squash court and a tennis court. Finally, the workout facilities are excellent. We did so much great walking however that we didn't use it until our last day.	
Dec 22 2007 	Excellent hotel good location	I stayed here for a fair in Shanghai but did a little bit of sightseeing as well. The hotel is very nicely decorated, rooms have air conditioning, all toiletries (including toothbrush, razor) and complimentary drinking water delivered daily.The hotel is a short walk to the underground train which can take you into the main hub of Shanghai. There is plenty of shopping malls and restaurants close by too and if you are interested can purchase DVD's (in english) for around 5RMB each (around 80 cents) on the overpass outside the hotel. There are also toys, bags, jewellery etc depending on the time of day and weather.Buffet breakfast was good and had a good selelction of chinese/western foods. The desigh your own omelettes were great! There is a small gift shop in the hotel lobby (they had really cute panda toys in red silk vests for around $80RMB) there is also a tour desk and money-changing facility.As my boss and I were travelling with locals who work for our company, we got chauffered around the town and cannot remember the name of the place, but there is a huge indoor market with everything you can imagine. I picked up some awesome fake handbags for around $30AUD each which are the best copies i've ever seen. There is also clothes, jewellery, wigs, a lot of Mont Blanc pen sets (you shouldn't pay more than about 30RMB ($5AUD) for these as we picked them up 4 sets for 100RMB)All in all, a very comfortable hotel in a great location for shopping and the train.	
Dec 6 2007	Great Hotel at a Good Price	I recently stayed at the Equatorial Hotel in Shanghai after it was recommended to me. The hotel was great when we arrived the hotel was full on the normal hotel floors and because we have booked a Deluxe Room we were immediately accommodated on the Club Floor. The rooms have recently undergone a refurbishment and are very clean and tidy. On my second stay a week later we were accommodated on the normal hotel room floors and the room on those floor was very tidy and clean. The hotel reception were more than helpful. The breakfasts were great catering for all tastes. This hotel is very tailored towards business people and caters well for westerners. There are restaurants nearby behind the City Plaza Shopping Centre which are all very reasonably priced. There are restaurants in the hotel but they are a little more expensive. Better to experience the food outside the hotel. I would definately stay in this hotel again should I come back to Shanghai.	
Oct 9 2007	Shanghai comfort	Entering through the doors of this hotel let's you escape from the frantic activity this fantastic city thrives upon. It's very modern, like much of Shanghai now is. It's run very efficiently. The rooms are of a medium size, very clean and have three pin &quot;english&quot; type electric points. Mine didn't have much of a view. I guess I was on the wrong side of the building.The pool, and the upstairs bar are both quite quiet, and both look out at the constant throng of traffic going past. Though you can't hear any of it.The ground floor lounge bar is quite busy early evening, before people head out into the city to explore Shanghai by night.Would I stay here again? Yes.Would I recommend it to anyone else? Absolutely.	
Sep 12 2007 	Excellent 4 Star Hotel	I ahve stayed here twice, both for business. I found the hotel to be convenient, close to local shops and restuarants. Walking around the hotel, especially if you go left at the entrance and walk about 1km up the road you get into a residential area where you will find markets, street stalls and family restaurants. This is China, not the western style restuarants you see in central and elsewhere. Nearby there are also a number of up market pubs and western style restaurants....not easy to find.The rooms are spacious and well kept, inkeeping with a 4 star hotel in Asia. Its location is not the best but taxis are cheap. During peak periods go along the highway and pick up the taxi, there is normally a long quene at the hotel and the busboys are not very good at calling the taxis from the street( my only complain)Otherwise I recomend this hotel for most experienced traveller. if you need the pampering of the Four Seasons, don´t come here.	
Jun 27 2007 	Great Near-Top Tier Hotel at Good Value	The Equatorial is a great, next-to-top tier hotel, with terrific Western standard service, a great location, and all the features of the top-tier hotels. The heatlh spa and pool are terrific, rooms are of a decent size, and there is a large variety of restaurants.The hotel seems to attract many Asian clients, as Equatorial is a Malaysian chain, so you're not spending your time in Shanghai surrounded by westerners. If Western company is what you want, head for the Hilton next door.The location is close to the Metro, has a nice park across the street, and an easy walk to Hengshan Lu and its restaurants and bars.	
Jun 10 2007	China syndrome.	Stayed here night of 10th June. Breakfast: Ordered fried egg which never arrived despite talking to manager at the time. Coffee only poured when I drew attention to myself. Staff too busy yawning and talking amongst themselves. Must have been too early for them (6.45am) . No smiles! Then mentioned this to duty manager at reception who nodded wisely and carried on talking to Chinese friend. Plus side, food does taste good, rooms are clean and well serviced. Suggestion: free mineral (not distilled) water in small bottles for guests. Essentially this is a good hotel but staff still need supervision.	
Jun 4 2007 	My favourite hotel in Shanghai	I have stayed in several hotels in Shanghai and across China, and this is my all-time favourite. The rooms were immaculate, the staff seem genuinely friendly. A couple of them even remembered me by name from a previous stay - this personal touch made all the difference. The food is excellent, the breakfast buffet is by far the best and widest ranging buffet catering to all tastes. Even the coffee (a rarity in China) is good.On my last stay at the end of May 07, the hotel had a good offer on one of their executive suites. Again, I was most pleasantly surprised. A three room suite with all mod-cons, including little touches such as scales to weigh your luggage on, bedside alarm clock, desk lamp, etc. Previously I have stayed in their standard rooms however they are by no means any lower in standard and quality. Plus the recent refurbishment of the hotel has lifted its image further.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone who is considering staying in Shanghai. All the staff can speak at least conversational English, even the concierge and bell-hops.I am surprised this hotel hasn't been rated as 5-star, as it certainly merits it. I have stayed at 5-star hotels which are not nearly as good as this one.Keep up the good work Equatorial!	
Mar 18 2007 	good hotel	I stayed at this hotel while on a study abroad trip with a group from my university.This is a solid 4 star hotel, with all that entails. The only negative I can think of is that there are no real restaurants within walking distance. The location is not the best. I personally prefer to be in a center of sorts where I can walk to a restaurant and bar and stumble home after a long day.The lobby is nice and grand. Breakfast is good. The room is clean, nice and a decent size. Bathroom is fine with hansgrohe fixtures which I respect since I have them at home. The beds are very comfortable with fluffy down comforters. They are on the narrow side. Our room has 2 twin beds. The decor is asian contemporary. We have expansive floor to ceiling windows which afford us a fabulous view of the city. Room 1112 has a great view.The hotel has a spa which we will partake of later today. It is very reasonably priced. It also has a pool, small jacuzzi, steam and sauna. They give us free bottles of h2o daily. We have to pay for the internet in the hotel, although it was advertised to be free.happy travels	
Jan 17 2007	great find	we were walk inns of the street as we checked out of another hotel we got a great rate for executive room suite &lt;seperate lounge and bedroom with 2 toilets&gt; room was spacious and importantly clean. partner was sick for 2 days and the staff were fantastic in helping get medicines etc. looked at the hilton next door initially tiny rooms there. was a heftier price tag also so we felt this was a great find. comfortble soft bed also!	
Oct 26 2006 	Disappointing service	The food in the restaurant is very disappointing. The ingredients are not fresh, and there tends to be an aftertaste of crab even in dishes that don't have it, e.g., sliced fruit. The waiters drag their feet when they walk, and have a habit of taking things away from your table just when the spoon is making its way to your mouth. I find the atmosphere disruptive to proper dining.The customer service at the business center and the duty manager's station is very poor. I'm not sure how much of this can be attributed to the language barrier since they cannot communicate very well in English. I did not get assistance despite having asked for it. The commands in their programs (e.g., Microsoft Word) are in Chinese, so it was very difficult to get any work done.They change the bedsheets every day but once in a while we get one that has a shoeprint on it.Also, when I borrowed an ironing board, housekeeping gave me one that was missing a leg.	
Jul 14 2006	Decent hotel noisy renovation work	Decent hotel, mainly aimed at business people. Excellent staff who speak good English. Just a little further away from some sights such as The Bund, Nanking Street than other hotels but that yields benefits of easier access to other areas and gives those who chose to walk downtown more of an experience. Easy and cheap to get taxis....even all the way out to Pudong was rarely much more than 50 RMB (but make sure you get a state owned taxi using a meter)Excellent reception and front door staff, very efficient room cleaners. Room was immaculate in all respects and well up to usual &quot;International&quot; business class. Choice of restaurants and decent buffet, lounges and residents facilities on 4th floor including bar with live music each night...except Monday!Only problem during my stay, was the renovation work which I was unaware of when booked. Substantial (it must be judging by the noise) renovation work on 16th and above floors. I was only on 14th floor but from 9.00AM until 7.00PM constant hammer drilling and banging, literally non-stop, every day. It sounded so loud I thought it was coming from the room next door. Also, it was not exceptionally hot outside but for some reason I just could not get the AC to bring the room down to a decent sleeping temperature. I asked the front desk to investigate it and went out, assuming they had checked it but there was no improvement.Would I stay there again.? Probably Yes, as the price was good too but I would check on the renovation work first.	
Apr 11 2006	Nice hotel	This hotel mainly caters for business people but it is a nice enough hotel and not too expensive. It doesn't have the best views of the city, but it is in a nice part of town, within walking distance of all the designer malls and close to a metro stop and a temple and near some good bars. The staff all speak good English, the rooms were clean and a good size, there is a pool and breakfast runs quite late and is a decent buffet (consists of Chinese dumplings, eggs any way you like, fruit, yogurts, cereals, croissants, bacon...). We enjoyed our stay here and found it easy to get around the city from this hotel.	
Mar 2 2006	Buyer Beware	Shanghai: Hotel Equatorial Hotel-Shanghai: &quot;Buyer Beware&quot;Date: March, 2nd, 2006Reviewer: Jenny, Seattle, USAMy sister-in-law who lives in Shanghai booked this hotel one month ahead of my arrival date through a local agency called Elong. She called to confirm for me a day before. When I got to the airport and realized my flight will be delayed for two hours. I called her again from airport. She phoned Elong and was told that room will be held for us until 6:00am next day. All the check-in information was also on paper faxed by Elong. When my boyfriend and I got to the hotel to check in around midnight, the receptionist looked at the paper and said this reservation has been cancelled since we showed up late and didn't call and the bad news was that they sold out for that night. I demanded to talk to the manager and he basically repeated same thing as receptionist told us. After a long day flight at 1:00am in Shanghai, we didn't have our room. Fortunately I have family in Shanghai. My dad phoned Peace Hotel and we got one room there around 2:00am. Believe or not,that date was my boyfriend's 40th birthday.We planned that way to be more exciting. Instead we were exhausting. But but but this is not end of the story. My sister-in-law was so furious that she called Elong next day. She was more furious when she was told by Elong that we never went to hotel to check in. The hotel lied to Elong. That means Elong will still charge one night from her credit card. At that point my boyfriend and I decided to go the hotel again to confront the manager. We didn't only after we found out Elong decided not to charge one night on my sister-in-law's account. Later on we found out Shanghai had been so popular that many 4 or 5 stars hotels in good location were not easy to book. Most of them were overbooked. We were told in JW Marriot that they were overbooked by 20 rooms when we checked in the day after. My advice to anybody who travel there is to call the hotel yourself on the arrival date and tell them your arrival time even you book the hotel through Hotel or Expedia or any other web site.	
Sep 27 2005 	Comfortable well-appointed 	I unfortunately have no comparison to other hotels in Shanghai, but upon approach of the Hotel Equatorial you can feel that you're walking into comfort. The lobby is beautiful with its high 2-story ceiling, marble floors, &amp; accented lighting. Service is friendly &amp; efficient. There seemed to be a lot of foreign tourists &amp; business travelers so I assume the staff is well-spoken in English. All in all the staff was at all times helpful, efficient, &amp; professional. The rooms are sized fairly well, but the bathrooms weren't much to boast about. The linens, at least, were crisp. There are a number of restaurants &amp; lounges inside the hotel to relax. There are a few gift shops to browse and they offer currency exchange, a business center, etc. All things that make a good hotel worth the stay.The breakfast at the Equatorial is renowned &amp; well worth its own paragraph description. The seating in the breakfast area is spacious &amp; open with coffee table-service. All the food is served buffet style -- and what a buffet it is. Both Western &amp; Asian style cuisine is offered...in fact more Western choices than Asian. The selection includes a congee bar, omelette table (made to order in front of you), fresh fruits, baked goods, yogurts, cold cuts, eggs/bacon/sausage, etc. It was immense &amp; wonderful. The atmosphere of the whole place at the Hotel Equatorial is modern-grand &amp; tasteful -- a miniature embodiment of everything Shanghai is today as an international modern metropolis.	
Sep 24 2005	Good mid range hotel easy access location	Hotel is large, over 20 storeys high and is located on the western end of the Yan'an Road. Rooms are large, standard for a good business type hotel. Bathroom spotlessly clean, however slightly dated. Lobby bar needs redecorating but staff are pleasant. Large buffet style breakfast, same restaurant also does buffet lunch and dinner. Chinese and Steakhouse restaurants also in hotel. Taxi to the Bund or to Nanjing Road around Eur2-3. Hotel is just north of French Connession area, great location for bars, restaurants and shopping. Good mid range hotel, good deals available, location good for access to city centre. Recommended.	
Jul 20 2005 	Excellent Hotel	I have stayed in this hotel twice. It is first class with excellent food. The choice for breakfast is wonderful and if you try only a quarter of the options you will hardly need to eat another thing for the rest of the day.	
Apr 20 2005	Very Comfortable	Friendly but efficient staff. Beds, bedlinen and pillows were the most comfortable I have ever had in a hotel. Breakfast excellent, catering for Western and Asian tastes with a chef on hand to cook lovely eggs and omelettes with ingredients of your choice. Huge swimming pool and good facilities. Hotel a little away from the Bund, but taxis to anywhere of note only cost about 20 yuan, (about 1 pound sterling), so not a problem. Apart from well stocked little shops, they also had an all day bakery where you could buy yummy cakes etc, such a good idea when you only need a snack on the run and not room service. Side rooms at the hotel from my nineteenth room floor gave a view of the Pearl Tower. Rates are also reasonable for this standard of hotel.	
Nov 26 2009 	Splendido hotel con ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Nov 1 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 16 2009 	??????????????		
Jan 15 2009 	Un Hotel para recomendar.............		
Dec 18 2008 	????????		
Oct 26 2008	?????		
Aug 25 2008 	Buona scelta		
