	good value and location	This is definitely not to be compared to international chains but the hotel is clean, efficient, and staff is very helpful. Just not used to having people smoke all around you and having 3 dedicated non smoking floors where people still smoke in the hallways...Location, quite convenient to walk 5 mins to the shopping street. If you are a single male, BE PREPARED to be solicited once you walk off the front drop off for massage by a bunch of men. Just keep walking and they get the drift.The room is smaller but then, just for sleeping and cleansing right? The washroom took up 50% of the entire room, with a separate shower and tub.I only stayed 1 night and it was acceptable but if I had to stay longer, i may have some issues with the cleanliness as I found many condom wrappers between the bed and night table and I was not looking! If you are travelling with a family, I would highly recommend a quick once over to make sure the room is G rated and the kids will not ask you why there is an end of a ketchup packet beside the bed.	
Nov 13 2009 	OK but bed is hard and avoid the Chinese restaurant	The room is acceptable and the bathroom is nice. However the bed is so hard, I got some back pain. What really annoyed me is the cashier from the Chinese restaurant on the 2nd floor, I think. It was my last night so I have only dollars with me and a credit card. All the places we went accepted credit cards so it was a big surprised when they will not accept it. So I told them that I will go down to the lobby and offered a hundred dollar bill as a security in case I do not come back. My dinner was less than $50 so I was annoyed when the cashier looked at me as if I am a thief and refused. She ordered her staff to accompanied me down the the lobby and the staff apologized to me at the elevator. I have never been treated in such a horrible way and I was so angry at the stupidity of the cashier. For this reason, I will not go back to the hotel even if it is free. Her ignorance and cluelessness is beyond my comprehension.	
Aug 21 2009 	Good but not great	The counter/bell/concierge service is decent, presumably due to the business clientele the hotel may be targeting. Airport transfers are somewhat expensive - avoid if you have the time to book or take public transportation. The single rooms are standard furnished but very small. The twin/double rooms are a reasonable size. In-room, wired internet access is available but chargeable. Breakfast is poor in terms of selection and quality - try the cafes and eateries in the neighborhood for better value and for an orientation of the area at the same time. In the vicinity: a mix of commercial/office buildings with accompanying banks/post offices/similar amenities. The location and the major roads servicing the area mean several visitor destinations are an affordable cab ride away. People's Square and Nanjing East Rd (shopping district/pedestrian mall) are less than 10min away by foot, with convenience stores and local sundry shops and eateries along the route. The Bund is a 15min walk away but unfortunately there were road/construction works, maybe for the expo coming up. Overall while the hotel is above par, the rates could be considered high and again this could be indicative of the segment targeted.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good facilities so-so staff some annoyances...	This hotel has a lot going for it, but just isn't quite managed right. The front desk staff spoke limited English and were none too friendly or accomodating. During check-in, the bellhops did not offer to help with our many bags. The concierge was great. Most annoying...expensive Internet, expensive coffee and no breakfast included. I also lost some items that I purchased...not sure if it was the hotel, but the other review about theft may be on the mark. I wish I would have spent another $20 or $25 a night and stayed at the JW Marriott (check travelocity). Location is good, but there are closer hotels to Nanking Road.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great value good location but no black teabags!	We are just back from a 3 night stay at this good 4 star hotel in a convenient location, a couple of blocks from East Nanjing Road and maybe 4 blocks from The Bund. For Aussies who like to eat at M on The Bund it's just a straight walk down Guangdong Lu to get there.Our non smoking room on the 16th floor was quite big with a massive bathroom. It was clean with good airconditioning and typically for China hard beds.As a non coffee drinker I was dismayed to find only coffee sachets provided to make a hot drink.House keeping could not provide any black teabags and room service did deliver one to my room. On requesting another teabag the next day I was told I would have to pay for it. I offered to exchange the coffee for a teabag but no go. Green teabags were not provided either.A small frustration in what was a good value hotel. I'm sure we were the only people on the 16th floor, business seemed incredibly quiet. We paid $A305 for the 3 nights. A special deal was offered via Expedia. We did not try the restaurants in the hotel. But we loved the Paris Baguette shop across the road.	
Jun 16 2009 	Excellent Value	I stayed here for 10 nights in June. Only 3 floors are non-smoking. I had booked a non-smoking room on the executive floor, which, I found out when I arrived, doesn't exist. I was immediately offered an upgrade to a suite on a non-smoking floor, with complementary internet access. A steal at $80 a night. Staff, particularly the Concierge desk, was very helpful. Breakfast buffet was not great, but filling and reasonably priced. Other great choices within easy walking distance. I didn't try the other hotel restaurants. Terrific location in an old-school neighborhood. Easy to walk everywhere. The room and bathroom were very decent: quiet, clean, spacious, modern. The bed was very hard, but fine. I'd absolutely stay here again.	
May 25 2009 	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed at the Bund in Shanghai on May 6th-7th and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We are a family with three kids (12. 9, and 8 years old). We arrived at the Bund very late at night as it was our first night in China. We had lots of questions for the employees in the lobby, and they were very helpful. The next morning we were leaving very early to catch a train to a nearby city. They made sure we made it to the correct train station and delivered a box breakfast to our room before we left. They went out of their way to help us. Housekeeping is incredible! We needed extra towels and ice, and it all was delivered promptly. The hotel is tucked away in a neighborhood but is only a 5 minute walk to Nanjing Road, a very nice pedistrian shopping area and a 10 minute walk to The Bund Pedestrian Walkway along the river. We enjoyed observing life in a Chinese neighborhood. There is also a French bakery (with free internet) and a convienent store around the corner. The room and the bathroom had plenty of space. There are two large twin beds in each room. We paid for a roll-a-way to be brought in.On the second morning of our stay, we enjoyed the breakfast buffet, which included Asian and Western food items.. Everything was delicious! Check-out time is 12 noon, but they let us check out at 2 p.m. without charge. We were leaving on a sleeper train to Beijing at 9:40 p.m. and they held our bags and backpacks until that evening while we shopped and ate.We would definitely stay here again.	
May 1 2009 	Great location great value: $54 per night for four star hotel	The Bund hotel in Shanghai is not on the Bund and is not to be confused with the Hyatt-on-the-Bund Hotel.The Bund Hotel is a modern four star hotel ideally located in the center of central (Huangpu area) Shanghai. The East Nanjing Road pedestrian zone (and metro stop) is a 10 minute walk north; the People’s (Renmin) Park (and major museums and metro stop) is a 10 minute walk west; the Bund waterfront is a 20 minute walk east; Yuyuan gardens (and old town tourist zone) is a 25 minute walk southeast.Unlike the new hotels in the Pudong area, which are elegant but located in an isolated tourist wasteland, the Bund hotel is on (relatively) quiet Guangdong Road in a low rise area full of small shops and local color, within reasonable walking distance of many tourist sights.The Bund hotel rooms are very nicely decorated, with rosewood paneling and furnishings. Beds are extra firm, and bed linens are excellent. My corner room had wrap around balcony windows with views in three compass directions, like the bridge of a ship. Rooms have the usual four star amenities. The only disappointment is that my TV did not work (static only) and there is no newspaper service (English language papers are available to be read in the hotel business center). Free bottled water is provided in the marble and granite bathroom, and a teapot is provided to boil water. The mini-bar and internet hook-up have the usual charges.The front desk staff is efficient, and the concierge staff is friendly and eager to please. A western style breakfast buffet is available for about $12 if it is not included in your room rate. I did not try this or any of the hotel restaurants. There are other options nearby, including a French bakery with tables and (I believe) free wi-fi half a block north of the hotel (the hotel charges $1.50 per quarter hour to use their business center internet laptop). A large modern supermarket is one block west and north of the hotel, and several mini-markets are even closer. The best part of my 6 night stay at the Bund Hotel was the price -- $54 plus tax per night for a superior single (actually a twin bed double) room booked through Travelocity. I usually bid for international hotels on the web, but this price was too good to pass up, especially since the location is ideal.Reserving hotels in China can be problematic, since location is very important -- some hotels are quite isolated and some are not in the location their names suggest. Also, non-smoking rooms can be difficult to obtain (the Bund Hotel has only 3 non-smoking of 22 floors, and the Travelocity operator even called the hotel for me to guarantee that I got one). Also, even the better hotels in China may have advertised base rates for rooms that can be tiny and even windowless, so I chose a superior rather than standard single for only $6 more than the $48 base rate. My superior single was twice the size of a standard single (320 vs. 160 square feet according to the internet description).To find the Bund Hotel from the Pudong (PVG) airport take the Maglev bullet train ($6) to the Longyang Road metro station, then line 2 (60 cents) to the East Nanjing Road station. Exit the metro station onto the pedestrian street and walk several blocks west to the Sofitel Hotel, then turn south (on Fujian Road) several blocks to Guangdong Road. The Bund Hotel is then one block west (not visible until you approach it). It is a 10 minute walk. Watch for turning traffic whenever crossing at an intersection. Street names are well marked with in English and Chinese. A taxi from the airport takes about an hour. I hope you enjoy Shanghai and the Bund Hotel as much as I did. Happy and safe travel!	
Apr 5 2009 	Okay hotel but I wouldn't go back.	I booked this hotel directly. This hotel isn’t as nice as the Park Plaza in Beijing and the beds were horribly hard. Our room (#1607) had city views but from the backside. We could see the nearby freeway. The room had two double beds and a very nice large bathroom. The employees were not friendly at all with the exception of William at the concierge desk, who helped us obtain our train tickets for Hangzhou. The location was great, about a 15-minute walk to the Nanjing pedestrian street. I especially loved the area around our street, as it was quite colorful with street food vendors and small shops. A grocery store is nearby, as well as a pastry/bakery. I wouldn't stay here again unless I got a great price.	
Mar 9 2009 	Good 4* Hotel in downtown shanghai	Booked this hotel w/ Ctrip once I arrived at HongQiao airport. Got to the hotel at 930am didn't let us check in until 11am which was ok, just walked around until 11am. Taxi from airport was 55RMB, in rush hr traffic, what a steal.Hotel located close to bund and Nanjing Road. Probably about 5-10 mins to Nanjing and 15 to the Bund Walking. Near the highway too so easy to get to from HongQiao and elsewhere.It's on a relatively quiet corner in Shanghai, Fukien Lu and Guangdong Lu. But still close to the action. The room was clean and large. Had a corner room w/ two twin beds (but seems like oversized twins.) Had a computer in the room too which was great! Free internet usage. Usual chinese amenities, toothbrushes, slippers, robes. Bathroom had a separate tub and shower which was nice. Housekeeping did an OK job, nothing to write home about. I don't think they changed the sheets/pillowcases but I only stayed two nights so I didn't care. Staff had decent english for China so that was a plus and they were friendly.	
Mar 5 2009 	great accommodation - great value in Shanghai	Our stay at the Bund was terrific and I'm surprised by some of the comments on Tripadvisior. The rooms are modern, spacious and spotless. Whereas the staff were modern and spotless. There are no language problems and everyone seemed committed to making our stay as pleasant as possible. Also the hotel's location (some 800 mertres from the actual Bund) is superb for visitors. And finally, while the Bund Hotel is not the most flashy in town, it represents outstanding value for money.	
Feb 19 2009 	Thiefs work at this hotel	I left my computer in a room here, and it was missing when I returned. The managers told me I must have misplaced it, but I am 100 percent positive it was left on the bed. They said they would look at the surrveilance tapes and see if anyone entered the room. They said they could only see the maid, but did not see her take my computer. They refused to show me the video tapes, and would not help me with filing a police report. Needless to say, DO NOT STAY here unless you want your things to be stolen from your room.	
Jan 3 2009 	Okaish hotel in a good location	We stayed in the bund before heading to south china and despite what have read here we found it o.k the rooms can vary from size but this is due to the floor plan of the hotel, the staff is happy to change rooms. They do the usual tricks at check in with one breakfast for a double and such, be prepared to haggle a bit. Chinese hotels are loud, thats the way they are - if you do not like it go to some international chain half the fun double the price. Breakfast is to be avoided ,if you can rather choose a better rate, and head to the Paris Croque shop on the other side of the street	
Jan 1 2009 	Pass. Don't stay here as a business hotel.	While this place is nice on the inside and the staff kind, it's not by any stretch a four-star business hotel. The rooms were loud, including the crappy floor that groaned with every step. Room wasn't bad for me and a buddy, though. Just, not worth the money. It was nice, though, to have a PC live to the internet in the room. I liked that, and to my knowledge I never had to pay for it.Best part of the stay was when a bellhop interpreted for me to my cab driver that I was only going to pay half of what he wanted to charge me. He was trying his best to scam me, and while I couldn't speak Mandarin, the bellhop interpreted for me that he wasn't getting the money he wanted out of me. The bellhop thought it was funny. He did his best to be very professional, though, and not laugh and the scamming cabbie and simply interpret. By the way, only use cabbies in the official cab area of Shanghai airports. Everyone else is basically a scam. There is a reason I'll never stay here again, though. My clothes were on the bathroom floor while I was showering. I didn't know it at the time but the shower leaked as fast as I could lather up me head. My clothes for the day were soaked. Not a little wet, they were freaking SOAKED!! So, I had to find another outfit to wear for the day. This was near the end of my vacation to China and I had already shipped some dirty clothes back to the States to make room for souvenirs, etc. I did have clothes, but wanted my now completely wet clothes, of course, cleaned and dried. (Or at least dry.) The bathroom floor flooded every time we showered. We had to get extra towels and basically build a small wall and take short showers. I asked multiple people around the hotel to waive the drycleaning charges. No one would. It was 100% the hotel's fault that the bathroom flooded and that my clothes had to be laundered, but that didn't matter to any 'manager' I spoke with at the hotel. This was a joke. No one would waive my laundry charges and no one even offered to change our rooms. Business hotel? They won't have any of my business.	
Dec 7 2008 	Average at best	The Bund Hotel is a hotel with significant aspirations...looking at it from the outside it looks a contender for a 4+ star hotel at least but as we all know don't judge a book by it's cover.We probably didn't arrive at this hotel in ideal condition, sweaty and smelly off the train from the 10+ hour journey from HK...but still something about this hotel when i walked in said it looks good but is there some problems behind the scenes...The foyer/restaurant area is particularly grand when you walk in and trys to impress on the same level as the Royal Park in HK but somehow fails...i don't know how to describe it but it appears now as if they maybe were trying too hard with too much gold etc. making the place look tacky as the days went by in our weeks stay in the hotel.The two best things about this hotel are the Room and the location. The room was particularly good as it was almost double/triple the size of the room in HK although granted it didn't have the same level of amenities with no LCD TV, no spacious bathroom/shower area etc. and the TV was in a cupboard (which is one of my pet hates)...but apart from that the room was superb.The next best thing was the location as it was literally a short stroll to the Bund and the Bund Sightseeing Tunnel which is a good way of getting across to Pudong.The worst things about this hotel and what keeps it from even getting three stars is the quality of the restaurants, the quality of the breakfast , the cleanliness of the hotel overall and the attentiveness of the staff. The restaurants in the hotel aren't amazing you've got the European option that does Pizzas, pastas, steak, burgers etc. the Chinese restaurant which was actually pretty good but the interior needs a good refurbishment as this looked a bit run down also, and then you've got the Russian restaurant which to be perfectly honest we didn't fancy at all.Breakfast wasn't too bad but just felt a bit &quot;meh&quot; after the fantastic breakfast buffet in the Royal Park in HK. Cleanliness is not a high priority as the hallways and corridoors which lead to the rooms aren't kept in tip-top condition atall...they're quite dirty with dust/cobwebs on lights and ground in dirt on the faded carpets. The staff just top this hotel off as they weren't very attentive atall and tended to just chat to each other whilst we were waiting to be served our food/tea/coffee etc. at breakfast or for Lunch/Dinner.To Summarise the Bund Hotel could be an excellent hotel if it just cleaned up its act a little, with a refurbishment and a little extra staff training...investing in some better restaurants and slightly better amenities but at the moment unfortunately this holds the hotel back from being average. On our Month holiday in China this was the worst hotel we stayed at (eclipsed even by the New World Xi'an at £30 a night!)	
Nov 28 2008 	Small but Nice	Just came back from China. Stayed at The Bund Hotel for 4 nights. Location of hotel is great, walking distance to Nanjing Rd, People square &amp; even Xantiandi. We were upgraded to an excutive room, nice decor. The surrounding of the hotel is quite run down but it actually is quite charming. You can see some really interesting aspects of life of the Shanghainese. Only thing is not a lot of people working there speak English. The front deck &amp; the concierge are good though.	
Nov 19 2008 	Not again	Have stayed twice in November for business. First time in a standard room, last time in an executive room. Still can't understand why I paid more for a smaller room!Breakfast is better and more options in the main restaurant, the &quot;Executive&quot; benefits are a joke. Housekeeping leaves alot to be desired, did not replace coffee sugar for 2 days. Had to keep phoning for the little extras that make life bearable away from home.I would not stay here again.	
Nov 4 2008 	Noisy and rude	I thought the room looked nice; quite spacious, fairly new, big tub, good view from a massive window. And the location was pretty good for tourist purposes, despite not actually being anywhere near the Bund at all. This concludes anything positive I have to say about the place.I completely agree with a previous poster that this hotel is a bad choice if you want to get any sleep. The bed was not comfortable. The heating didn't work, although you could control how hard you wanted cold air blasted at you. The walls appeared to conduct sound rather than insulate against it. And there seemed to be a lot of sound: from other bathrooms, other guests coming back late and having a shout in the hallways, cleaning staff shouting at each other first thing in the morning, etc. On top of that, I found the staff to be cold and brusque and completely unsympathetic to complaints. This hotel did not contribute positively to my Shanghai visit and I left feeling tired and frustrated. Maybe I was just unlucky this time but I wouldn't risk it again, and wouldn't recommend anyone else risk it either. I hesitate slightly to say so, but I think perhaps a hotel with western management would be a better choice.	
Oct 31 2008	Terrible if you want to sleep	Positive reviews by other travelers may be justified in some respects.In my case, the experience has been terrible. On my floor, I had during several nights groups of Chinese laughing, shouting, meeting around the elevators until 2 or 3 am. The last 2 nights, I had only 3 or 4 hours of sleep.If you do not consider that the central point to be judged for a hotel is the quality of calm and sleep you get, you may enjoy other points mentioned in the reviews.Good luck	
Oct 30 2008 	Bad service dirty decent location	Location was close to major attractions but immediate surroundings old and dirty. Front desk unpleasant., unhelpful, and plain rude. Concierge friendly but a little too greedy--tried to be helpful only with a fee attached. Bathroom dirty. Overall, would not stay again or recommend unless one is desperate for a reasonably low price in Shanghai during peak season. Would recommend paying a little more and staying at a slightly farther foreign-/American-based chain like Holiday Inn rather than Chinese-owned one.	
Oct 30 2008 	Dont get too excited with an upgrade	Location of the hotel is very convenient - easy walking distance to The Bund and Nanking Road. Hotel is a bit dated in decor. Staff are generally friendly and speak good English, especially the Concierge staff who are also very helpful.If you ever get upgraded to an Executive Room like we did, dont get too excited as it is not as glorious as it may sound. It simply means you'll get : - exclusive checkin on Level 22 (instead of ground floor) ;- free access to internet service (not free internet access). They have a PC you can use on L22 but you'll need to pay 40 Yuan for 1 hr of interneT access or 80 Yuan for 24hrs.;- breakfast on Level 22 (instead of Level 2 with the masses). However, food selection on Level 22 is so very limited. One is better off having breakfast on L2 with the masses. There is no difference in the level of service here. - free happy hour around 6pm (not sure what drinks they serve as we were never back in time to try)We found a bit of toe nail on the carpet in our room when we first checked in. This was an Executive room!	
Oct 29 2008 	Ruined by noise and rude staff	The Bund is overall a fairly nice hotel, but thanks to the service I really do regret staying there. The rooms are quite attractive for the price - I for one don't really mind hard beds. They seem to have cut a few corners (e.g. air con, tv and shower all a bit unreliable) but the view was great and the location not bad at all. However, when we turned up the staff on front desk barely looked at us, and didn't smile at all. Didn't think much of it at the time, but on the second day we were woken very early in the morning by shouting. This carried on for about an hour until there was no point trying to sleep any more, and I got up, exhausted. Went downstairs to complain (very politely), and had to try really hard just to get the guy at reception to look at me, which he did with a mixture of boredom and hostility. Told him about the noise, and he just carried on staring at me, then said &quot;Well what do you want me to do about it?&quot;. Was so stunned that I muttered something about thinking he might want to know, before the person next to me lost patience and snapped &quot;maybe you could ask them to stop!!!&quot;. To which reception guy gave sarcastic laugh and said &quot;OK&quot; (i.e. &quot;whatever, go away&quot;). I've stayed in a number of hotels in China, so I don't expect too much; I don't need the kind of grovelling customer service that is now considered necessary in much of the west. But I do think, at a basic, that a hotel should have an interest in providing somewhere that people can actually sleep, and in speaking to them like respected human beings. The Bund failed to come close in either of these regards. I was only in Shanghai for a couple of days, and was totally sleep deprived for one of them. I guess there was some back luck involved - maybe the staff don't shout at each other every morning - but if you care about getting some sleep than I'd say definitely go elsewhere. The Bund hotel needs to replace or retrain it's front desk very quickly (and some soundproofing would be good as well). Otherwise I hope they go bust.	
Oct 21 2008 	A1 location	Stayed for 4 nights.Paid a little bit extra (but well worth it) for a executive room which are located on the top 2 floors of the hotel. Staying in a executive room you had exclusive check-in on level 22 rather than reception on ground.Free internet usage and the best bit was happy hour every night between 6:30pm and 8pm on level 22 which was free drinks. The bed was very comfortable, the bedroom and bathroom were quite big and both very clean.The staff spoke very good english and were very helpful.The location is great, 20min walk to the bund, 15min walk to subway (Nanjing East station) 10 min walk to Nanjing st.Would stay here again, really enjoyed it.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great location OK quality	The Bund Hotel is well located within walking distance of the Bund, Nanking Road etc. The room was more spacious than others we had in China which was useful as we had our daughter with us and required an extra bed. The bathroom was enormous. Furnishing was OK, beds are hard as they are all over China. A good value for money hotel without being great.	
Oct 19 2008 	Good Tourist Hotel	We stayed at the Hotel on the seventh floor for 8 nights in October. We found the hotel to be well situated with The Bund, Peoples Square and shopping with 10 to 15 minutes walk of the hotel. The hotel was quite, service reasonable and the concierge extremely helpful with directions and tourist information. Pitfalls, beds were harder than most in places we have stayed in China. Buffet breakfast was satisfactory, drinks in the hotel bar were expensive. An average of 10 dollars Australian for a glass of beer or spirits. The security in the hotel was good	
Sep 21 2008 	functional adequate hotel	This hotel was fine. Nothing was great, nothing was horrible. Nearest subway was about 6 blocks away. The bund itself was about 10 blocks away. Breakfast was mediocre. Coffee was not great and hard to get. The omelet guy was pretty good. There was a large selection of mediocre food.Room was spacious. Room had 180 degree view, on the 16th floor. Nice to just look out the window at the city below. Of course there were plenty of much taller buildings in this city. The bed was extremely hard, and I prefer a firm bed. TV remote was missing, but I never bothered to complain. room safe was provided. bathroom was fine, not too small.Concierge was great. They really tried to helped me find a method to get some laundry done... All round, the hotel was fine.	
Sep 2 2008 	Good location good value	The Bund is in a great location for walking to the Bund (10 minutes), the Yu Gardens and Nanjing Rd. The immediately surrounding streets are slightly down-at-heel but nothing sinister. Good value for money, clean well-appointed room (go for a Deluxe to be above the noise). Definitely not a 5-star in that lobby was slighly worn and air-conditioning not fabulous, but it was fine and we'd stay there again. Staff (contrary to other reports) were very helpful including booking theater tickets and writing place names etc down in Chinese. Restaurant was appalling and only went there once in an emergency! French-style bakery was useful. Get the name of the hotel in chinese characters for taxi from airport. The Westin just up the road has a great breakfast - expensive but worth it for a splurge!	
Aug 5 2008 	Good hotel in Shanghai	NB: This isn't actually on the BundBut the hotel is in a great location. Walking distance to the Nanjing Road and Bund. Lots of stuff to do close-by.The room was clean and comfortable and the breakfast was fine	
Jul 22 2008	Great Location and great price	Paid $120NZ (cheap off expedia) to stay here a night and was definitely worth it. Was half way between the Bund, museum and the main shopping st Nanjing St. Was a nice hotel, very clean and large room. Only problem we had was that just outside the bathroom there was a water leak that was making a wet patch on the floor. We had no problems checking in, although they did make us wait till the require 12pm time to check in, but we just stored our luggage and took off for the shops.Cost us 150yen from the airport to get too.Would recommend staying here for a 4 star place.	
Jul 18 2008	Recommeded to all	Stayed here for 4 nights last month and would definately recommend it to others. We paid a little extra to upgrade to the executive level which was worth it if just for the free internet access in the executive lounge. Our room was a good size, immaculate and nicely furnished. The bathroom was also large and well appointed, and had a bath as well as a separate shower. We were nice and high up so we had an impressive view of the night skyline. Hotel staff were helpful if not overly friendly. We only ate in the hotel resturant once (there were 3) which was satisfactory but a bit souless as the hotel was relatively empty.The Bund is smack bang in the middle of everywhere you want to go so we had no problems sightseeing or going out to eat. In fact just across the road is a nice frech style bakery if you fancy a little bit of western indulgence.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great location	Good experience overall. I would definitely return.PROS:Location - Ideal for sightseeing, as most interesting sites (East Nanjin Road, People's Square, Huangpu River, even the Old City &amp; the YuYuan Garden) are within walking distance. Very convenient as well if you are to take the underground, only 5 minutes walk to line no 1.Room - Nothing spectacular but it was quite all right. A/C, SafeBox, etc. Unlimited access to high-speed internet included in the Executive room price. Nice bathroom. The mattress was ok.CONTRAS:- English level of the staff (which is not very friendly, by the way) is pathetic.- Breakfast is rather disappointing - what a pity to get this awful Lipton tea in China! - And if THIS is orange juice, then I am a cupboard.- Due to its central location, if you are not Chinese you are very likely to be harassed by people offering you watches, sunglasses, IPods... as well as girls (there is a red-light district nearby).- I had a little problem with the computer in my room, which I could not fix myself since the OS is in Chinese. But I called the front desk and they came within minutes.- AVOID THEIR CHINESE RESTAURANT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 29 2008	No air conditioning at night	This is my third stay at The Bund as it's a convenient location, with good value for the price, but an ongoing irritant is management's &quot;energy saving&quot; practice of turning off the air conditioning after midnight until 6:00 a.m. Waking at 3:00 a.m. to a warming room is unpleasant.	
Jun 24 2008 	Comfortable slightly old fashioned hotel	The Bund Hotel is very comfortable. My rooms was very pleasant, although elsewhere in the hotel you do feel that the decor is a little dated and maybe a lick of paint was in order. The breakfast selection was good, although I had dinner on the first night in the restaurant which wasn't so great....would recommend eating outside the hotel in the evening. The concierge are helpful and all speak good English. Its is worth pointing out that the hotel is now quite 5 mins walk from The Bund and Nanjing Shopping street as the website points out - much more like a 10-15min walk, and as a single traveller I felt (perhaps uneccessarily) safer in a taxi, which costs about 50p (UK) to these destinations. I had a few meetings further afield, and it perphaps worth noting that where ever they were, the concierge assured me to journey would only be 10mins which was usually something of a underestimation!	
Jun 4 2008 	Nothing special	I stayed at the Bund for 5 nights in May. Overall, it's a good standard of hotel. It's nothing exceptional, but it's very pleasant to stay in. The location is good (close to the main shopping road, and 15/20 min walk to the Bund, and 20/25 mins walk to the old town) The room was clean, the bed large, and the bathroom goodies of good quality. No problem with it at all. Just felt like an average international 4* hotel...	
Jun 1 2008 	Not too fussed with the Bund Hotel	My wife and I recently returned from Shanghai after our first visit to China. (23 -28 May 2008) We might have been spoilt after staying at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza in Beijing which was a comparable price with discounts for booking early.The Bund Hotel is a cheap hotel with everything you need for a comfortable stay. There is a lot of roadwork going on out the front at the moment so there is a bit of noise.The best thing we found was great meals to be had in Shandong Road. When you come out of the hotel turn right and head down toward the Bund and Shandong Road is about 100 metres on the left. For breakfast we ate 'Jianbing' which is like a pancake cooked on a hot circular griddle and is topped with egg then covered in shallots and coriander, a dollop of chili then folded, cut into two and placed in a bag. All this for 2 1/2 yuan and it gets you through to lunch time.For lunch or dinner there is a another place two doors down from where you get the Jianbing where you hand pick the vegetables, tofu, etc you want and they are boiled in a large pot with a delicious soup. Buy a Tsingtao beer across the road for 4.40 yuan and they will set up a table on the side of the road outside the cafe and you have a feast. About 4 yuan for the meal and you can eat like a king for next to nothing.Can also recommend the foot massage at Wei Jun on the Bund side of the Westin Bund Hotel (about 400 metres from the Bund Hotel) for about $7 it is absolute heaven. Take along a Tsingtao with you if you really want to be decadent.Enjoy!!!	
May 27 2008 	Really Liked the Bund Hotel	We arrived in Shanghai on a Sunday afternoon and took a taxi from the bus station to the Bund Hotel. Check-in was smooth (as it was at every hotel at which we stayed in China) and we were soon in our room which we liked very much. I was very surprised to find that in addition to CNN, they had ESPN and a YES broadcast of a Yankees baseball game was on (from a few days before, but still it was the first Yankee game of the season I had been able to see and I was in heaven). The room was extremely comfortable (aside from the hard bed, but in China we knew to expect that and found all beds firm... didn't stop us from sleeping fine, though.) We had booked a Superior Room for 830 RMB, and were given a room on a high floor, looking out on the street and local buildings.We liked the control panel next to the bed, which controlled all the room lights and the television and found the bathroom to be in perfect order with everything you could need and all plumbing working fine).As has been noted, this hotel is in the middle of everything and you can walk to many areas or take one of the multitude of taxis available (except when it's pouring down rain when getting a taxi is the problem you might expect). The doorman was always helpful in flagging a cab for us and the one we requested for our ride to the airport was waiting on schedule. We did walk around at night and didn't have any problems whatsoever. We also got used to walking from the hotel to the Metro entrance at People's Square, which was great because so many lines stop there... about a 10 minute brisk walk. We also enjoyed walking on the streets around the hotel and checking out the local shops and businesses.I used the Helen Huang Spa in the hotel and found the people to be friendly and the foot massage I had was excellent. I also used the computer in the Business Office, which was reasonably priced (but not as cheap as an internet place outside the hotel would have been). The young women working there were very helpful and pleasant. When the connection was very slow, I complained and they gave me extra time. (Note: This is the hotel's connection speed. Later in our trip we went to Beijing and used a free-standing internet place where the connections were much quicker than those in this hotel!)As has been noted, the branch of Paris Baguette, a bakery chain, is right across the street and we picked up goodies for breakfast each evening. On our first day I received a message from our prospective dinner companion (given to us at the desk on check-in and delivered to the room a second time, but both contained the wrong telephone number). The Concierge Desk was able to make a reservation for us at our restaurant of choice, but directions were sometimes unclear and their English wasn't terrific (that's why the number was wrong in the message). They were very nice and tried hard to please... just be aware that this would be an issue if you are very dependent on Concierge service and don't speak Mandarin.On the whole, we liked the Bund Hotel and aside from the long walk to the Metro, I would recommend this hotel.	
May 20 2008 	Executive Room beats all	My wife and I spent two weeks in China staying at various hotels in various cities. This hotel was the best. In Shanghai we pre-booked 2 nights at the Bund and 2 nights at the Radisson New World, thinking that the Bund might not live up to the reviews on this site. We should have stayed the whole time at the Bund, the Radisson was a good hotel and did have a view but the room was more expensive and smaller.The Executive Rooms are on the top (14th) floor only so it is probably best to book early during the busy season. They are a good size (for China) and include a desk. The decor in the room was excellent, the room had dark wood panelling which gave it a very warm homely feel, much better than some of the sterile modern hotels we stayed in later on the trip. The bathroom was immaculate - well designed with a big bath, separate shower and everything kept very clean.The hotel is not actually on the Bund, but it is easy walking distance to the tourist areas of Nanjing Rd and the Bund. This turned out to be a good thing - we were not chased by beggars and people trying to sell us watches etc as soon as we left the hotel. We didn't have the hotel breakfast but there was an excellent French bakery just across the road from the hotel and a few breakfast places that the locals used nearby which were very cheap.The only minor complaint was that the internet (free) was a little slow, but still OK.If we go back to Shanghai again we won't need to check out the hotels on offer, we'll just go straight here.	
May 4 2008 	Above average for what we paid... just minor quirks	For what we paid (approx CAD $100/night), what we got was a decent hotel for Shanghai. Check-in was smooth. I didn't expect staff English to be great but that's okay with me, although the bellhop's English was quite good and even gave us some pointers as we rode the elevator up with him. People have been saying staff are rude... people, this is part of Chinese culture. They are not rude, this is how it is. In North America, we are considered overly polite and fake. But I digress.The room with two doubles was quite large and we were on the 12th floor. Bathroom was nice, all marble with a tub and shower. From afar, the bathroom looked spotless but when you are &quot;sitting&quot; around, you notice they could've done a better job, although was decent enough.I was pleasantly surprised to see the electrical outlets accomodated North American plugs, except two by the tv were not functioning (not a big deal, there were plenty others).I checked out the gym on the 3rd floor and there are only a few items like a treadmill and cycle.The restaurants on the lower floors looked quite busy as a lot of foreigners seemed to like to dine there rather than go out.Noise: I can't remember reading this anywhere but on the Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, the restaurant on the 3rd floor turns into a club-like setting with pounding bass-throbbing music. We were on the 12th floor and interestingly enough, we could hear the sound through the washroom, but not in our main room. All I can say is, try to get a floor as high as you can because I can't imagine what they could hear down in the lower floors. It was loud.My other gripe was the internet. I know China blocks out 10% of internet sites so I wasn't sure if half the time the internet was blocked or the connection was flaky. I think it was both. The internet was 80 RMB/24 hours, and if you are going to charge that much, then it better be flawless, blocked sites, or not. One time it went down for a good hour and I had to call someone up to help, which they resolved.Location: ok every review I read said this hotel was central. This is true. It's right in the centre of all the attractions. Meaning, that it's not particular close to everything... just right smack dab in the middle. Can't really complain about that because again, for the price paid, it was fine. Just don't expect to be at the doorstep of main attractions: The Bund, Nanjing Road, People's Square/Shanghai Museum. Although Nanjing Road would be the closest one of the three, about a 7 minute fast walk away (4 blocks). Also, the location is slightly seedy. Keep aware of your surroundings walking around after 9pm walking around the area, although it's still not scary like any major US city.Check-out was also quite smooth.	
Apr 26 2008	Great Hotel	I stayed on the executive level, which given that it provides free (reasonably high speed) internet is a small bump in price, and I'm sure afforded a better level of service.Room had chairs that could actually be used for reading, and a nice firm bed that was very welcome after my flight from Chicago.The location was good: I found that pretty much anywhere I wanted to go was in walking distance.My only &quot;suggestion for improvement&quot; is that they should have a Chinese version of their location printable on their website so that cabs could find it more easily from the airport.	
Apr 18 2008	Good Service beds could be better	We arrived at the Bund Hotel on the recommendations of fellow Tripadvisor members. This is a great hotel a mere 15 minute walk from the Bund and 5 minutes from Nanjing Road. The service was very good, especially the concierges and bellboys. When we asked for a good Chinese restaurant, they were candid and told to us to go to another restaurant(despite the hotels own Chinese restaurant); since we didn't know the area at the time, the bellboy walked us all the way there (great pick, btw). Like another member said, the nearby French bakery is great and convenient. With that said, the beds were much harder than any other beds we had while in China (and we went to Beijing and Xian). Nevertheless, overall, the hotel has great amenities and services, and its location is top-notch.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great Location but concierge needs improvement	My husband and I stayed on the &quot;executive floor&quot; at The Bund for two nights in mid-March 2008. We knew little about the hotel because we booked our stay in a rush. Indeed, because of its very reasonable price, we were not expecting very much by way of accommodations and service. Boy were we pleasantly surprised! The hotel's large and airy lobby houses a small concierge stand, a souvenir shop and a small bar area. Because we had an executive floor reservation, however, we didn't check in on the ground level lobby; instead, we were sent to the 20th (or was it 22nd?) Executive floor lobby for check in. The reservation clerk spoke English and was quite courteous and professional. Unfortunately, because we had just arrived from Beijing via the night train, it was 10 am when we attempted to checked in. The clerk told us he could give us our room right away, but it would cost us an additional amount equal to 1/2 day's stay. Alternatively, he offered to let us hang out in the Executive floor lobby until 11 am. We opted for the latter, and were offered coffee, tea and free email access from their computer while we waited. It wasn't so bad.We were very happy with our executive level room - the price for executive level was less than $15 more than a regular room, and well worth the small extra fee. The room was spacious (about 400 square feet), the bathroom was big too, with a separate tub and shower. One complaint about the bathroom is that it could've incorporated more counter space around the bathroom sink for our toiletries, but really, No biggie.We were happy with the cleaning staff as well. Our cleaning lady was efficient and unobtrusive. She picked up our laundry at 11 am, and it was back, hanging in our closet just a few short hours later - and it was very cheap. I'm talking less than $2 (USD) for a pair of shorts - excellent prices!The hotel also houses a few restaurants and a salon that performs massages. We visited the Russian restaurant for a late night dinner (11:30 pm), and were very pleased with the food and the entertainment. The menu included western and Chinese meals - the food was prepared quickly and was very tasty. The entertainment consisted of a singing duo, with the male playing keyboard background music, while his female counterpart sang lead vocals in Russian, English and Chinese tunes. It was cute. A few patrons were dancing, so it was a fun.As other reviewers have mentioned, the hotel's location is very good for the price. It's about a 10-15 minute walk to The Bund and the Pudong skyline, and 5 to 10 minute walk to Nanjing Road. The only downside about the location is that it has no interesting view from the hotel room windows - but this can be forgiven in exchange for the bargain price. Lastly, the concierge is not very impressive. On the three days of my visit, it was staffed by only two employees, neither of whom spoke fluent English. They made no recommendations for restaurants or attractions and were generally not helpful in hailing taxis or speaking on our behalf with our Chinese taxi drivers. Concierge staff play a crucial role for travelers, especially when language barriers exist; therefore, this aspect of the hotel’s customer service really needs improvement. Nevertheless, because it is a good value and service was otherwise good, I would stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 1 2008 	B E A Utiful Bund!	We had 2 superior rooms, one queen and one twin. The twin was an excellent size, the queen was &quot;cosy&quot; but we did not go to Shanghai to tour our room, so this was not a big issue. The bathrooms were immaculate, service excellent and the hotel was quiet at night.We requested no smoking rooms and was pleased to find they have no smoking floors and our request to be on here had been met.Check in and Check out were very quick and simple and I was thrilled that, although I speak Chinese everyone spoke English, even the door attendant.The staff were friendly and very helpful, the door chap was great for directions, advice and getting cabs. Breakfast was pricey by Chinese standards 80Rmb but was varied and very plentiful. We enjoyed the breakfast as it was also quick and easy and we found it suited our need very well i.e eat a hearty meal and get on with the sight seeing. As a paying guest for breakfast (not on our room rate) they did seem keen for us to pay each morning and not run off, we found it quite funny, but this could be annoying to some.All in all we would recommend this hotel as a great place especially as it is really well located, we could walk to Nanjing Road in 5 mins and the tube in 10. Also there is a great Italian restaurant called &quot;Tartufo&quot; 5 mins walk away if Chinese food gets too much.It is worth noting we booked this hotel solely on the great reviews it had received and we were not disappointed. A Great Find!	
Mar 4 2008 	Very good locaion	It is a very nice hotel in a good location, especially if you enjoy short walks. I actually walked from the hotel to the various tourist spots with no problem. The french bakery across the street is perfect for breakfest and coffee unless you prefer the huge Western and Chinese style buffet breakfest at the hotel.Overall, good experience.	
Feb 14 2008	Loved the Bund!	Really liked this hotel. We booked an executive room and it was perfect size - bathroom was good too although the shower could have been a bit more powerful but that's just my opinion! Staff were great, really helped out with directions etc. Location good - walking distance of most things which was great. Breakfast was good - although staff could be a little over attentive, which is not a bad thing but something that took a bit of getting used to!!	
Feb 11 2008	Decent enough hotel...but some problems	This hotel was decent enough, with a good location about 15 minutes walking distance from the Bund and Nanjing street, Hunagpu Park, People's Square, etc., but the service needs to be improved. My first night at this hotel, I was ready to take anice, relaxing bath and go to sleep, but after my bath, I couldn't get the tub to drain. Then, when I tried to call downstairs and tell them about the tub, the phone wouldn't work. So, I had to throw my clothes back on and run downstairs and tell them about the tub AND the phone. The lady from the fornt desk came up to my room and then a maintenance guy came. The tub was fixed in maybe 5 minutes. They showed me how to turn the knob to drain the water. But it was hard to turn. So, later, I just used a wash cloth to plug the drain for my baths. I didn't want to take another chance. These people left my room, and I decided to shower after my bath. Well, while I am in the shower, the engineer guy came to check the phone. I had to jump out of the shower and let him in, dripping wet with a towel around me. Pretty embarassing, to say the least.He left within three minutes I'd say. The next day, even though I was up and getting ready to leave, I had my do not disturb button on, so I could get ready and go out for the day. The maid still knocked on my door and pestered me while I was trying to get ready. I told her I had the do not disturb button on, but she said sorry and came in and cleaned anyways, with me having to walk around her while I was getting ready to leave. She left and just a few minutes later, another maid knocked and pestered me. I told her the room had just been cleaned by the other maid. Then the engineer guy came to see about the phone again. I was just on my way out the door and he mumbled something and left his tool box in my room. I was ready to leave and was not about to stand around waiting on him. So, I just left and when I came back later that evening, his tool box was gone and my phone was working. The next day...same story...the maid pestered me again when I had the do not disturb sign on. Overall, good experience, but I probably wouldn't stay here again, unless there was nowhere else available to stay. There is a Westin right down the street, and on the other side of the Bund near Pearl Tower is The Grand Hyatt. I have never had any complaints when I have stayed at a Hyatt. I say go there or to some other hotel.	
Feb 4 2008 	Shhhhh.... Don't tell anyone	A 4+ star hotel in the heart of the Bund for about USD $120 per night for the concierge level... WOW!.The location was great [10 minute walk to People's Square and 15 minutes to Nanjing Rd shopping (not my cup-o-tea, but very popular for you shoppers)], my room was large, clean and well appointed. I will definitely stay here again.The only negative about this hotel was the downstairs concierge. Very amateurish for a hotel of this good quality. Oh, and I could not figure out how to turn on the TV, but not turn on the light on top of the tv... I had to take out the buld.. Hmmm.. Not a big problem really.Some very good local places to eat nearby or a short taxi ride to anything the Bund has to offer. 10 minute walk to the subway.Definitely a good business travelers hotel.	
Jan 13 2008 	Very good location service and room	We were in our honeymoon visiting large cities in Asia. I let them know so when booked. We were upgraded to an amazing suite!The Bund is very well located, with a great shopping and walking area next to it.Staff is very kind and helpful.Breakfast buffet is good, although it is not outstanding.We will gladly stay at The Bund again.	
Jan 8 2008	Excellent value	I wasn't sure what to expect as I booked this hotel in a rush. We were pleasantly surprised with the hotel. The room was very big, clean and brilliant value. We were only in Shanghai for a few days so it's central location was very handy.	
Jan 5 2008 	Great location at moderate expense	On my last trip to Shanghai, my agent booked me into this centrally located hotel in Shanghai. While the name is a bit misleading, I must say the location is brilliant. A short 10 minute walk will take you to both The Bund area, or Nanjing Road.The rooms are nice, well appointed, with CNN as the only english speaking channel. Service is good, breakfast acceptable. Diagonally across the street however is a fantastic alternative to get breakfast, a french influenced bakery with very good coffee and fresh pressed orange juice.	
Nov 26 2007 	Great Service	This was my first trip to China and I travelled solo ... felt very safe and had no problems getting to hotel or about town. The hotel is centrally located but at least a 10 - 15 min walk from The Bund itself and about 5 - 10 mins from museum and People's Square. The staff and concierege especially were very helpful, and all spoke fairly good English so no problems with communication. Had lunch and dinner on the restaurant on 2nd floor and both were very good. Close to ATM machines and usual fast food conveniences, and also small mom&amp;pop local cuisine. Room &amp; bathroom very roomy - I had a non-smoking room/double on 15th floor ,,,only complaint is carpet needed a thorough steam cleaning. But service was great and I would stay there again.	
Nov 19 2007 	Loved the Bund Hotel	The Bund Hotel in Shanghai was the last stop on our 5 city tour of China. We were very impressed by the size and decor of the rooms. It is like a boutique hotel, a real gem in a country where top price or 5 star rating can mean a much lesser accomodation than expected.The Bund is a lovely hotel, we felt very at home in the room and enjoyed the large marble bathroom, with tub and glass shower stall. Our other &quot;4 and 5&quot; star hotels in China had the smallest bathrooms I've ever seen. The breakfast buffet was very good with a wide variety of western and chinese choices. It is 3 blocks walk to Nanjing Road, and only a little farther to walk to the Bund. We ran out of time, so took a Taxi from the far end of the Bund to the Hotel for only 11 Yuan. It is also only 11 Yuan to the Yu Yuan Garden and shopping bazaar in the old Chinese concession, a must-see in Shanghai.The only problem we encountered at the Bund Hotel was the hard mattresses. This seems to be a problem thoughout China. However, we mentioned it to our Guide and she requested extra comforters to be used as mattress toppers. Overall, I would recommend the Bund Hotel, and hope to stay there again in the the future.	
Nov 6 2007 	Nice rooms but bad experience overall and wouldn't stay here again	I had problems checking in to this hotel as they had given my room away, and they lied to me twice about whether they had rooms available. They also made me switch rooms half way through my stay and tried to make me pay more for the room than the rate agreed on reservation through the hotel's website.The staff were unhelpful and not trained to international standards (or even in the hotel's booking systems). They weren't sympathetic to my situation, and made me work to resolve their cock ups.There were other minor problems too with the hotel services, such as the room key not working.I filled out a feedback form detailing these problems, and not surprisingly I haven't heard back from them.On the plus side, the rooms were very comfortable and modern, and the location was pretty good. However, the other problems outweighed this and I definitely wouldn't stay here again.If you want my advice, stay in the Shanghai YMCA. It's 1/3 of the price, less plush but a very comfortable 3 star, and the service and location is excellent.	
Oct 27 2007	Nice Staff good location and breakfast	Stayed at the Bund 3 nights. The staff was polite. The breakfast buffet was good and reasonably priced.	
Oct 27 2007	Fantastic reasonable priced hotel in great position	Our family of six stayed in three rooms at the Bund for 6 nights. Our room had two TV sets and toiled for visitors. The two young people in the family had a business suite with computer and internet. The staff were very helpful especiall Patrick and Leo who got us a taxi and wrote our destination in Chinese. We were very pleased with the Bund.	
Oct 22 2007	Great stay in Centre of Shanghai	The Bund is new and well equiped in terms of facilities. Rooms are large, and bathroom was massive and marble, and modern and clean. The Bund was our first stay in China and compared favourably with similar business type places in UK and US for 4****. Location was great for us, walking distance to The Bund (but no view so dont be fooled by the name as it is set back about 10 mins from it) and the museum, and short cab rides to the rest. I would recommed it for those who want something close to the centre at reasonable cost.	
Oct 18 2007 	Excellent rooms	Very comfortable and well equipped room although the carpets had seen better days. Excellent buffet breakfast for Y85. Downsides: immediate area around the hotel is not the best and it is a good 15 minute walk to the Bund, Peoples Square and the nearest underground station.	
Sep 10 2007 	Recommend the Bund	This hotel was very clean and convenient, a good jumping off point for exploring Shanghai. It is good value for its price. We had a non-smoking double room with free Internet that was exactly as advertised. We were really happy with the service as well. It was easy to get taxis in front of the hotel and it is a short 10 minute walk to the Bund and you can easily walk around the river and then head back to the hotel at night.The front desk was very friendly and recommended several local restaurants to us.Would recommend this as a good, cheaper alternative to American chain hotels like the Westin, which is down the street.	
Aug 1 2007 	Nice hotel great value	Even my friend from Shanghai commented that this hotel was a steal given the location (literally a 5 minute walk from Nanjing Road) and quality of rooms (the Deluxe room I had on the 4th floor was more like a suite). I'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to Shanghai - it is a beautiful hotel and a great value.	
Jul 9 2007	Pleasantly surprised great rooms	We were surprised to see a PC with a free internet connection when we arrived at our room at the Bund Hotel. We were given a smoking room which fortunately did not smell like smoke. Very nice marble bathrooms and elevators, clean room, and quiet location. Average food at the Western restaurant. Unfortunately, the Chinese restaurant was missing most of the items on the menu and gave us cold, undercooked rice with barely lukewarm tea. Walking distance to both People’s Park and Nanjing East train stations.	
Jul 4 2007 	Excellent hotel		
Apr 29 2007 	Excellent Hotel; knowing the culure will enrich your stay...		
Dec 14 2006 	Great hotel great but noisy location		
Dec 9 2006 	One scam after another		
Nov 15 2006 	Excellent value		
Nov 14 2006	LOVE THIS HOTEL..what a jewel		
Oct 6 2006 	great location for shopping 		
Jul 17 2006 	The Bund is Gorgeous!		
Jul 17 2006 	assez correcte		
Oct 4 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 8 2009 	Moyen eviter chambres côté rue		
Jun 14 2008 	Empfehlenswert		
