Nov 4 2009 	Happy stay	Hotel very clean and breakfast very good. Easy access to the main road outside, watch out for the scammers though	
Oct 3 2009 	Service	Poor service for a hotel that I expected to be world class.	
Aug 12 2009 	Brilliant location for shops and sightseeing.	Large room, nice toiletries. clean bathroom. We stayed on the 18th floor so good view of other skyscrapers. Hotel has precipitous view over central balconies to the 7th floor below. Rooms are round the edge and space in centre of hotel from 7th to 25th floor. swimming pool on 7th floor looked good but we didn't have our swimming caps with us so could not go in. Probably could have bought one but we didn't ask. Breakfast buffet was a good selection of varying cuisines.Excellent location as on main high street for shopping although you get harassed the minute you walk out by people trying to sell you stuff. Can walk to the Shanghai museum about 30 mins and also to the river. The sightseeing tunnel to the Bund is an interesting underground monorail with a light show on the way. Shops stay open till 9.30 and a little electric train runs up and down the highstreet if your feet get tired. 2 yuan for a single journey	
Feb 26 2009 	Great Location ; Not Very Impressive Hotel	This hotel is great for its location ; pricewise it's moderate in comparison to the other offerings along Nanjing Road. I booked the Deluxe room and it comes with a nice sitting room area ; furnishings are very old in design although well maintained. The room is very big and decent for the RMB 1100 I paid.Check in is efficient. The biggest selling point is the location. The hotel is right in the middle of the Nanjing Road shopping area and is great for exploring the area. THere is a better alternative that i stayed at Citadines Jinqiao...read that review ! Breakfast is good and normal. Overall you paid for the location and the price is fair for an old hotel although very very clean and well maintained.	
Feb 14 2009 	Tried the Ramada Plaza for a Change	I've been to Shanghai many times and have usually stayed at the Hyland Sofitel. That hotel recently raised its prices fairly dramatically with no apparent added benefits to guests - so, on this trip, I decided to stay at the Ramada Plaza (just up the road).Tried to book it through the Ramada website and couldn't - the reason being, as I found out, was that while it retained the &quot;Ramada&quot; branding, it had been sold to a Chinese company sometime ago and was no longer part of the Ramada chain.So I booked it through my travel agent at a slightly better price than the Sofitel.I arrived around noon. Check-in was extremely smooth and fast - after a long flight from Melbourne - that was a blessing. I'd booked, for 7 nights, a room with a double bed on a smoking floor. The bed was a pleasant surprise - king-size and, while being firm, was nowhere near the rock-hardness that characterise beds in most Asian hotels. I slept very well.All rooms are positioned around a central atrium which is quite pleasant as you enter or leave your room. Security is good as you must use your key-card in the elevator to go to your room - put the key into the slot and the elevator knows your floor and does the rest.The room, itself, was extremely clean, the bathroom standard for a 4-star hotel and, while quite comfortable and spacious, will need to be updated in 2-3 years' time if this hotel is to keep its star rating.A nice touch is the free wi-fi internet which worked well. The Sofitel (and many others) charge around $20 per 24 hours for internet access, so this made the margin in price between the Ramada and the Sofitel even greater.For english-speaking guests, the TV had limited channels - CNN, HBO National Geographic, CCTV9 and Channel News Asia. As with most hotels, they should, at least, have BBC World,Australia Network and Star Movies on their list. I didn't eat at the hotel - I seldom do in Shanghai. Breakfast was not included. There are SO many good, cheap eateries around the hotel area, why pay silly prices within the hotel itself??I had a problem with the in-room safe - the response from staff was prompt, courteous and, while the first person's english was limited, she quickly called up a senior person who arrived within minutes, spoke very passable english and solved the problem very quickly.I stayed in February 2009, so the air cond was turned off - that's standard in most hotels here at this time of year. However, after opening the windows, had no trouble sleeping, My room was on the 19th floor so I had no street noise to disturb me.The location: you really can't ask for better in Shanghai. You're right on Nanjing Road East pedestrian mall and a three minute walk from Peoples Square subway station which is a central hub of the subway system and will get you pretty much everywhere cheaply and quickly. SIgns, tickets machines and announcements in the trains themselves are also in english - so the system is easy to use - as well as being clean and efficient. For those places where the subway doesn't reach, use a taxi - they're still quite cheap here.Would I stay here again? After comparing rates at the Sofitel and the new Grand Central Hotel across the road, then, most likely, yes I would.	
Nov 29 2008 	Rude Check in No Cold Aircon only heat.	I checked into the hotel at 8pm after a long flight and long taxi ride. Taxi arrived bellboys did not help me with my luggage. Went up to the receptionist to get my room, there was nobody in front of me and she did not serve me until I asked if this was the front desk check in. Booked a king bed smoking room, but they said that they were out of kings and the only thing they had was a twin bed room. Then she had the gall to rudely tell me if I wanted it or not. Fine it was pre-paid so I took it, if it wasnt I would have walked right out due to her attitude. Asked for the assistant manager to come talk to me and he was just as rude as her. Go up to my room to find out that there was no internet connection besides wireless (my wireless adapter on my computer is broken) Call the assistant manager and he tells me to deal with it and that there was nothing they could do. even though the front desk told me there were rooms with wired connections. The room condition was appalling, the toilet had mold growing all over, the bed was rock hard, I ended up sleeping on the sigle seater sofa, which smelled bad. Finally the last straw was no cold airconditioning at night. Only heat... I called down and they said open the windows nothing they can do. Opened the windows to people screaming on the road. Paid for 2 days I left the first morning at 10 after 4 hours of sleep. Checked into the hotel next door which is great compared to that dump.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great Location Good Hotel	The location is right on Nanjing Road Pedestrian Mall - which is both good and bad. You are right in the middle of things, but traffic can be very bad. It is walking distance to many things - and a short taxi ride to others.I stayed on the Executive floor (23rd) and had a nice large-ish room with large bathroom and jacuzzi. Water pressure in the shower was only average. Fresh fruit was delivered on arrival. The housekeeping staff were very attentive. The view was looking down Nanjing Road to The Bund, so very good! Access to the floor was by your room key into the slot in the elevator - no need to press the floor button - it does it for you.The Executive Lounge is on Level 25. Breakfast was included in the room price, but was only average at best - nothing to rave about.The doormen were always helpful with directions and flagging a taxi down, even during peak times it was only a short wait for a taxi.Overall I liked the hotel. Was not cheap, but was very convenient and a good hotel to stay in. It wasn't excellent, but was definitely above average.	
Jul 28 2008 	Best value/location!	I stayed here last year, on recommendation by Tripadvisor users. There were a few negative comments at the time, but it seemed to be the nicest vs. affordable hotel in a great tourist location for my last minute decision to check out the Bund. My expectations were average. This turned out to be a fantastic hotel, and I enjoyed every second of the stay. Check in was fast and simple, and in English; and they took care of my taxi request for departure immediately. I checked in at about 10pm, so I expected to get a &quot;leftovers&quot; room. To my surprise, I was upgraded to a suite. It was impeccably clean and comfortable with a great shower and decent view. After 2 weeks of Chinese food (which is my favorite, but..) I chose to have dinner at a little steak joint across the street. I had to take a rickety elevator to the second floor, so I was a little scared. The doors opened to a beautiful, quiet, Western-style steakhouse, where I had a delicious and affordable grilled steak with prawns and a glass of wine. I'm so happy I decided to stay at the Ramada Plaza.	
Jun 24 2008 	Very good place	We really enjoyed our stay in the Ramada. Our travel guides booked this hotel for us, and when we arrived we were pleased. The hotel lobby is welcoming and the concierge have maps and advice to hand out.Cabs were easy to come by from the front of the hotel and we had everything we needed during our stay.The room was clean, and everything worked well.If you want a &quot;no worries&quot; stay then book here and relax.	
Jun 8 2008 	Best bet under $200	The Ramada was a bit hard to find the first day - but well worth the effort. (warning: I received multiple “map” locations from different sources which showed the WRONG location.) The Ramada is located next to the Royal Méridien, with the rear entrance to the lobby directly on Nanjing Rd (the pedestrian shopping boulevard). The location is exceptional!The lobby is very impressive with lots of marble and classic design. Shops, café, travel agency, airline office, bakery, business center, etc. in lobby. The buffet restaurant has an excellent selection of Asian, American and European foods. I really liked both the breakfast and dinner buffets (about 400CNY). There is also a classic Thai restaurant in the hotel. (there’s a Subway restaurant located on the outside of the hotel lobby)My room was amazing. Large, clean, well equipped - slippers, robes, mini-fridge, coffee, desk, sofa and chair, etc. The bathroom had a separate soaking tub and glass shower area. The room had wireless internet and good signal strength (four bars). I booked a King Bed Superior Room for 900CNY (about $150USD) through the Ramada.com web site, and then got 10% discount for AARP or AAA. I arrived at the hotel at 9AM and they gave me a free upgrade to a King Bed Suite (1,170CNY)The Ramada is designed with the rooms around an open atrium, so each floor can see Roof to Lobby. The service and staff were excellent. Minor warning: I woke up to a persistent beeping noise (like someone text messaging on a phone in my room) which turned out to be the in-room safe had &quot;low&quot; batteries. When I contacted hotel service, they knew what was causing the sound and fixed it immediately.Overall, the Ramada was a great location - the lobby had a rear access to the tourist area and shopping district. The food and rooms and service were excellent. A GREAT value for under $200 (including free Wi-Fi!)	
May 8 2008 	Good Location in Shanghai	We stayed in Ramada Plaza Shanghai for 2 nights. The hotel is not new since it was a local hotel before it was changed to Ramada Hotel. It is located in Nanjing Road East which is the pedestrian street of Shanghai. Nanjing Road East is were you can find local foods, stuff and products. It is one of the most most visited area in shanghai. The room rate is not bad considering shanghai is one of the most expensive cities in asia. There are other hotels located in different area in shanghai and choosing a hotel will depend on what you like. The french concessioner area is where you can find luxury items. The Pudong area is the business hub of Shanghai. The Nanjing East area is where you will find chinese local products. The size of the rooms in this hotel are bigger than newer hotels in shanghai. Many of the hotel staff knows how to speak english and are always ready to help you on your needs.	
Apr 22 2008	Worst Experience with staff at Beauty Salon and overall service	I was very dissapointed with this hotel as a couple of things happened. First of all, after a long flight, I wanted to make a phone call to the beauty spa to enquire about the massage services. There were 2 different phone numbers in their phone directory, and both didn't work! I was firstly connected to the dim sum restaurant, and the 2nd number connected me to their housekeeping department. I called the reception to ask them to transfer me to their beauty spa...and it still connected me to the dim sum restaurant!!After lots of frustration, I went down myself and made appointment for a 45 min shiatsu massage costing RMB 200. The price was written down on the front desk menu very clearly in English. However, in the massage room, after approx 15 mins, I suspected that the massage therapist was not giving me a shiatsu massage. I asked her what massage she was doing....and after a few minutes, I found out that she was giving me a Massage costing RMB 480 and lasting 90 minutes!!! I asked her what the name of the massage was and she answered me &quot;test&quot;....I didnt even understand what she was talking about and I told her I actually wanted SHIATSU, she said she didn't know what that was, and also the hotel DID NOT offer this massage!!! I was so angry, because the Shiatsu massage was clearly written down in the front desk menu!!! I complained this to a guy who looked like he was a manager of the spa. He merely asked the lady to come out to the front desk and explain...and I could not even understand their chinese accent even when I speak mandarin fluently myself! He later used a very threatening tone and said to me: &quot; YOU SHOULD understand that these girls do not understand what Shiatsu is, and the Thai massage she gave you was similar anyway!&quot; Then I asked: &quot;why did the girl at the front desk tell her to give me 90 mins when I requested for only 45 mins.&quot; He replied: &quot;the girls at the front desk do not tell the massage therapist what the customers wants. YOU have to tell the massage lady what you want directly!!!&quot; I was soooo angry at what he said, but I did not want to make a huge scene just in case. I just paid and left. However, I just want to warn everyone that this is the worst service a hotel could ever offer as a 5-star rated hotel. TERRIBLE!!!!	
Feb 22 2008 	Excellent location	If you want to see much that Shanghai has to offer, then this is the perfect location, close to People's Square. Ignore the hustlers on Nanjing Road and walk off into the side streets and work your way down to the Bund or go across to the Museum. My hotel room was very large and had everything I needed, - free and fast internet access, powerful shower, comfortable bed. Great views over the city too (especially as it was covered in snow). Negatives: the hotel lobby is soulless and I found the front desk staff a bit cold.	
Jan 8 2008 	Great location - easy access	Booked flight hotel package with Cheaptickets over the Christmas holidays - very good price for a 5 day stay from the Westcoast. Location right on Nanking Road near People's Park was perfect. Easy access from the airport on the Maglev train to the Number 2 tram and the Nanking East station - best to get off here right on the pedestrian street than figure your way around all the People's Park interchange, even though on the map it looks closer. When you get out of the underground station, turn to your right and head up Nanking Road (you will see the spaceship Radisson Hotel on the horizon) and walk a few blocks to the hotel. There is no sign indicating it is the Ramada from Nanking Road pedestrian walk, so look for its distinctive roof line from the street and you will find it, it is right before the Meridian Hotel on your left as you walk towards People's Park.The biggest problems with this hotel was not honoring the &quot;free breakfasts&quot; promised by Cheaptickets. They would only honor one even though we made a double reservation. They charged $20 US for the second breakfast, while a nice buffet definitely not worth it. I had tried to confirm this with Cheaptickets ahead of time to insure they knew the offer included free breakfasts, and was assured by CT this was the case, but it was not. So don't make your decision about getting the free breakfast unless you are traveling solo. This was a disengenuous offer and I also fault Cheaptickets for their part in continuing this fraud as well.Also even though we upgraded to a studio room, which was very nice, there were no drawers in any of the cabinets. This was very awkward as all things had to lay on the floor of the cabinets where I was looking forward to unpacking once and having everything easily available for our 5 day stay. The room was lovely, quiet and even elegant so the lack of drawers was a bit of an oddity.But beyond those two glitches, the rest of the stay was wonderful to be in this location. Loved eating at South Beauty, did not care for Shanghai Uncle, and had an okay meal at the Meridian next door. Great dumpling and snack place right across the street and upstairs at Daniang Dumplings which is a sign near the Shanghai First Food Store across the street which has fried dumplings and really a treat to wander around and see the huge variety of every sort of Chinese food stuffs right on Nanking Road.Special places to visit close by of course are the Bund, the Pedestrial Tunnel to Pudong, People' Park, Shanghai Museum, and the Shanghai Development Exhibit all within a few blocks radius from the hotel.Don't be afraid to use the metro and best to get a card for multiple rides which you can purchase putting a certain amount on the card so you can use it until it is finished and not have to keep buying single tickets. They want a deposit for the card so you buy if for more than the value of the total rides, but it is so cheap don'teven worry about not turning it back in. I got two 50RMB cards ( total approx $20) and we did not use them all up in 4 days and just left them at the station when we were done, and ready to ride the Maglev back to the airport.	
Nov 2 2007 	Good Value for a Western Style Hotel	Not a top flight international hotel but clearly better than an average Ramada in North America. The rooms and the lobby were quite good and the location was excellent. An easy and cheap (but exciting) cab ride from most of the key destinations.Reasonable value for what you got. One would easily pay this and more for a similar hotel in North America. I didn't eat in the hotel because I never find hotel restaurants to be worth the effort or the price. Lots of options around the hotel within easy walking distance. I would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 28 2007 	Can't do better	This has it all. It is worthy of all its five stars. Rooms are good. Lobby is elegant. Location is tops. It is on the main shopping street and steps away from the metro where you can go 7 stops for 52 cents and connect with the world's fastest train that gets you to the Podong airport 30 km (19 miles) in eight minutes at 431km/hour (270mph) for USD6.50!	
Sep 26 2007	Very convenient location reasonable service and good comfort	We stayed in this hotel 2 nights in september 2007 and were very favourably impressed by the comfortable room and the excellent location next to the pedestrian zone with lots of activities until late in the night. Excellent breakfest and service.We can just recommand to anybody looking for a comfortable hotel in Shanghai.	
Sep 17 2007 	Central location average hotel	We have stayed for 3 nights in this hotel. Check-in and check-out was very good and fast. Breakfest was very good and we liked the style.Room service was okay and the room had average size and was clean and furniture was in good conditons.The pool was very nice and even big. Fitness centre was well equipped.Take care on your room safe as it runs with batteries. If the batteries are empty ... they can only be changed when the safe is open.Nanjing Road is not so nice, as there are many watch-bag-dvd-deales. You will not like it.	
Jul 22 2007 	Bad check-in experience	This hotel is very conveniently located, and the rooms are nice and comfortable. We had a bad checkin experience -- we had booked two rooms (for our family of 4) and requested one to have a king size bed and when we arrived none were available. They had other rooms with king size beds but would not give them to us because they were more expensive. A supervisor also could not remedy the situation. Overall our stay was not as comfortable as it should have been and this left a bad impression of the hotel service overall.	
May 22 2007 	horrible	The lobby is nice,rooms are average.However the food, in particular breakfast , aside of having few choices, what was astonishing was finding a cockroach walking in the bread station. The staff was informed and the only action was to laugh among them, and later on advised us that the cockroach had been killed, no apologies or concern for the hygiene were shown.I will never stay here again!!!	
May 4 2007 	Laughable service	I stayed here for a night on a business trip in April. First impressions were of a grand but rather tasteless foyer. Check-in was a disaster. I was told there was no reservation for me. I showed them confirmation code and reservation details on my PC. The front desk manager was unable to find any trace of it, and told me that if it had been booked through the internet by the agent, they might not have it. So even if you have a confirmation no., it does not mean you will get a room! The manager left after 15 mins to &quot;check with sales&quot;. Iw was another 15 mins before one of the hotel reception clerks took the initiative to allocate a room and issue me with a key regardless of reservation status. More shockingly, another guest walked in and sufered the same fate whilst I was waiting. I asked about a colleague who was scheduled to arrive later than me, and his reservation had been cancelled! My issue is that even if there is a serious hiccup, or a systemic problem, guests should not be kept waiting for half an hour (I timed it) at the front desk. Service in the main cafe/restaurant was also full of hiccups. I ate there for dinner as I had arrived late, and for lunch the next day as I had meetings in the hotel. I asked for a coffee after lunch, and was told it was not included in the price of the buffet lunch. I told them I would pay for it, but it still took ages to arrive. I also noticed that the food served at lunch and dinner was identical! Thankfully rooms in the hotel are more representative of this grade of hotel. The room was clean, furnishings are average, and everything worked OK. I do not intend to stay here again.	
Apr 13 2007	Great Service!!Great Hotel!	I've stayed in this hotel 3 times. Every time the rooms have been great, the breakfast is nice, the amenities in the rooms are wonderful, love the shower!, clean, friendly staff, etc. The last time my friend and I stayed we asked for several things from the staff and each request was met with courteous, speedy action. Very please. Also a great location.	
Mar 24 2007 	Do not stay here you will be very sorry	I booked my reservation for Ramada Plaza based on a recommendation. I do not know what the person was thinking who said to stay here--the service is atrocious, the maintenance is terrible, it is noisy, and very very expensive for what you get. Here's what I experienced: requested quiet, non-smoking room--got put in a smoking room next to hotel construction; bath towel was actually dirty (hair on it); air conditioning non-functional and maintenance unwilling to do anything to fix it; rooms have both noise from hotel and from street (even on 24th floor); workout room dismal and overheated; room sink was clogged up when I got in the room; asked concierage to book us tickets for Shanghai Circus World, instead he booked us at a 4th rate show in a run-down theater in a scary part of town at an extremely high rate; the maps they give out are outdated and missing huge chunks of the subway system and are not to scale in parts; no English spoken or understood for anything. Upon any of the issues above being explained to the desk (in English OR Chinese), there was no response or help. I would really like to save other visitors the extreme pain of wasting their money and time here (we had one night to see the circus and missed it because of the imcompentent concierage). Stay somewhere, anywhere else!! By the way, we stopped at the Radisson for help and the concierage was terrific, hotel is beautiful, staff is friendly (what a change!), location is very good, and I would try that in a heartbeat.	
Mar 19 2007 	If you do not need service o.k.	This hotel is not a service-oriented one. Apparently owned by government most of the staff are students with not a lot of training and hardly any visable service-orientation and language skills. The hotel however is clean and the rooms also. We had a meeting there with customers and there were no complaints about bad rooms etc., but when it comes to service, the hotel makes a bad performance, especially in the banquette department. The servants could not speak and understand any English, there were 20 cups for 40 partcipants for coffee, the air condition did not work for 5 days although we complaint several times, the general managers was invisible and his staff just not responding. Near our meeting rooms was heavy construction going on and we had hardly any help from the staff to get our meeting going. It took a lot of effort to get what we wanted and this was nothing extraordinary. So if you just need a comfortable bed and nothing else, the hotel is o.k. , the breakfast buffet is fine, the restaurants are also o.k. The location is very good, you can reach most of the tourist attraction by foot. If you expect more service and friendly staff go to the Royal Meridien next door, here you find everything you want at a slightly higher price, however. Their bar there on the 66th floor is amazing. Drinks and food are excellant at European prices.	
Jan 19 2007 	You will enjoy	This is a great hotel with a fantastic location for both business and tourism. Rooms are great, beds are firm but nice (I've had some bad experiences with rock hard beds) lobby and facilities are top class and you can't beat the location. You are right in the heart of the action quick walk east and your at the bund, shopping a plenty right out the front door and a quick walk west and your in Renmin square with all the arts, museums, gardens and hotels. Cabs are frequent along the road adjacent the hotel. Great value for tourists especially and the business centre really came in handy for me as I was running a seminar at the time	
Jan 19 2007 	GREAT hotel	Helpful staff, great location, walking distance to the Bund (Peace Hotel and M), right ON the major shopping pedestrian street Nanjing Donglu...theres a convenience store right across Nanjing st (so you can avoid the very overpriced minibar), a Pizza hut as well within feet of one entrance should you crave some western food...A subway within a couple of blocks, etc etc...Super-clean rooms with a flower in the bathroom, with all the HBO, CNN, etc. (and coffee packets in the room! A rarity in China!). Our friend's room on the 17th floor was pristine and beautiful, brand new, felt like a true 4 star, ours on the 19th was not as newly renovated and showed a little wear, but still excellent. Would definitely stay here again. Great place, our room even had somewhat of a view of the river and Pudong....at an amazing place when you factor in the price!	
Dec 29 2006 	Very nice hotel	I spend 2 nights in this hotel at the beggining of December.It is a huge hotel at the center of the town, only a few meters from the main shopping street, Nanjing Road. The hotel is very clean, with all comforts and the price was great.	
Nov 6 2006 	Sleepless at Ramada	i just got back from China with my entire family of 16. It was my first trip to Shanghai together with my 12 year old daughter and we were booked at the 8th floor of the hotel which we were later told was the floor preferred by newly weds. The first night was a bit noisy because the newly weds were having games in the hallway! On our fourth night, the couple beside our room was quarelling quite violently. It was terrifying because it came to a point that they were banging the walls like they were going to come through it. Later, someone was banging our door and trying to open it. I had to call the assistant manager, front desk and concierge several times because the commotion would not stop. It was so so so terrible, horrible! They had to physically drag out the couple. When my daugter and I had finally got to doze off, someone knocks in our room at 12:38 am. Scared, I had to go to the door to find out who it was. It was a hotel staff asking if I requested a change. I was quite confused as to what change I wanted and at that time of the night! The following day, my sister-in-law wrote a letter of complaint to management and we personally submitted it. When we returned to check if we could talk to the manager, we were so shocked to see a torn letter held by the assistant manager! They probably did not want the complain to reach the general manager. There were no sincere apologies, just a cheap offering of 5 small cookies on a dinner plate with a bowl of fruits tied with a recycled ribbon! The hotel has great breakfast buffet and an excellent location! If they can polish their relationship with their guests, I do not mind going back and living there on my next vacation but as for now, I would consider other hotels where my family and I will feel secure! Peace of mind is, after all, one of the reasons for a vacation!	
Oct 31 2006 	Very good	This Ramada is better than the ones I've used in America. Helpful, friendly staff, nice rooms and in a great location for exploring on foot or underground.	
Oct 13 2006 	Nice Hotel / So-So Area	HotelI was apprehensive about staying in a Ramada brand hotel because my experiences with them in the US have been totally poor. However, this Shanghai Ramada is genuinely a 4 star hotel with good service and English speaking concierge. The room was spacious and clean. Staff was friendly. There was security staff on the first floor at all times. It is 1 hour taxi ride (140 yuan) from Pudong International Airport.AreaThe area is on the pedestrian mall area of East Nanjing Road. Very unfortunately this is a major tourist area and touts are out in full force. You cannot take two steps without being stopped and offered bags, watches, or women. It is not an enjoyable place to stay. There is zero nightlife there. The more up upscale area on West Nanjing Road near Portman Center and Shanghai Hilton hotel is a much better place to stay. There is better dining, nightclubs, bars there and less beggars and touts.Nearby Dining/ShoppingCabs are cheap so every shop and restaurant is in reach. Good spicy food with good service is at Meilongzhen Restaurant. We dined at Shanghai Uncle at the Westin Hotel but the food and service was terrible. If you plan to visit YuYuan Garden you should eat at Shànghai Lao Fàndiàn (Old Shanghai Restaurant) and a visit to Shanghai would not be complete without experiencing the wonderful view/food from the balcony at M on the Bund. We went to KaDe Club video shop and loaded up on DVDs for cheap though there authenticity is questionable.	
Sep 23 2006	Hotel Nice - Major Check in problems	I recently booked three rooms at the Ramada Plaza Shanghai with the Ramada Reservation desk. While making the reservation, I was informed that the hotel had a special package which included free laundry, free in room broadband service and a free buffet breakfast. This package was $10 USD more than the rate posted on the internet. I went ahead and booked this package.At check in, the hotel refused to honor the package. They said that they did not participate in the package and that they had informed Ramada International. They would upgrade the room, but would not include any of the items noted in the package that I had booked. After going through three levels of management, they eventually agreed to provide the breakfast and broadband access from the business center. The hotel itself was very nice. The two room suite was nicely decorated and quite comfortable. There was a bit of noise from outside, but that was to be expected due to the location of the hotel.The hotel is located on a busy tourist street (Nanjing Lu). The Bund area and the Huangpu River is approximately a fifteen minute walk. In the opposite direction, one can reach the museum area as well as the metro in approximately 5-10 minutes.The service level was somewhat disappointing as compared to the other hotels we stayed in throughout China.	
Aug 5 2006 	Great stay	Location: excellent, right in the centre of where you want to be in ShanghaiRooms: spacious, well equipped, very cleanStaff: very helpful and friendlyRestaurant: the breakfast was disappointing, but okValue: its somewhat expensive (staying on the Club floor is NOT worth it)Recommend staying at this hotel	
Jul 12 2006	Great Staff and Location	My family rented two rooms for 4 days at the end of June 2006. The location was excellent, right on Naijing pedestrian mall with lots of new shops, restaurants and new building. The Bund is a 15 minute walk to the river and sights of the spectacular Pudong skyline.The hotel was 4 star was the usual modern and western amenities. Several restaurants and a upper floor executive lobby overlooking the city.The front staff was very helpful and spoke English. I want to compliment an excellent concierge names Mr. William Shen, who helped us way beyond the call of duty. He accompanied us to a nearby dim sum restaurant to help us orders from a Chinese language only menu - kudos to Mr. Shen.On the down side, internet access was expensive and health club charges were very deceptive. The hotel manager tried to intervene but told me the club is run separately from Ramada. Although the fitness equipment, pool, showers, spa were excellent, there are no indications that using the sauna was an extra charge (the spa next to it was free for guest). There are many English language signs at the front desk of the health club with charges, but nothing that said the sauna was extra $10 dollars per person. Also my son and I was forced to buy a $12 swimming cap for the pool because those were the written rules. But to our surprise, many people using the pool had no swim cap! So, don't let the nice lady at the front cheat the &quot; rich Americans&quot;.That was the only unpleasant experience of our trip. Caution: China is still a very poor country and there many beggars and shady character out after 10 pm on the Mall and elsewhere outdoors. You will be swarmed if they know you are a tourist.	
Jul 1 2006	Great Location and Great services	I stayed at Ramada Plaza Shanghai in May of 2004 for 5 nights for vacation. Check in was a breeze. The receptionist of the front desk was very friendly. I was upgraded to a suite as soon as he discovered that the type of room my travel agent booked for me was not available. My room was specious with a small living area though it was a little dark with only one small window. The bath room was fantastic with a large Jacuzzi. It was built with all marbles. House keeping was excellent. My room was always cleaned in a pefect manner. The location of this hotel certainly is the best for a leisure traveler. It is within walking distance to most attractions, such as the Bund, Nanjing Road, Legendary Peace Hotel, People’s squares, etc… There are plenty good and cheap eats as well as many large department stores and smaller shops around the neighborhoods. My breakfast was included in the room rate. Food was good, service staff was pleasant. However, all the guests had to find an available table ourselves. The restaurant was so packed with large tour groups during the breakfast time (7am to 10am). It was a bit struggle to find a table every morning. I had to share my table with strangers a few times. One thing you need to be aware. This hotel has two entrances. One entrance is on JiuJang Road, the other one is on East Nanjing Road. This could be the only hotel in Shanghai that has two addresses. Overall, I was very satisfied with my stay. It is good value for money. I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 7 2006	Ramada Plaza a good experience overall!	A very well location hotel in a very busy and hectic city.The hotel is located on the main shopping street of Shanghai and is well located for walking to any of the major tourist sights and also the very good underground system.The hotel facilities are very good and the staff are both efficient and friendly. The breakfast and the restaurant food is fairly typical of your average hotel and is nothing to write home about. The accomodation, particularly the suite accomodation that we had on our trip, was spacious, clean and well equipped. Overall I was pleased enough with the hotel and would not discount using it again, however I would probably look to see what else was available in the same price range.	
Nov 18 2005	Excellent location above average hotel		
Oct 25 2005	Love the location!		
Oct 16 2005	Reasonable Price for the value		
Sep 28 2005	You won't believe this is a Ramada!		
Aug 1 2005 	Fab Location		
Jul 31 2005 	Construction Boom!		
Jul 15 2005	Better than average Ramada		
Apr 18 2005	Bait and Switch rates?		
Jan 26 2005	Best location ok rooms		
Oct 8 2004	More than acceptable		
Oct 25 2009 	????????		
Aug 14 2009 	???????????		
Aug 6 2009 	????????????????????		
