Oct 31 2009 	Just Reasonable	From outside it looks like it is a new hotel but it actually is a old hotel. Some rooms have been recently refurnished. However, I did not very much like it. I wouldn't call it 5* quality at all.The best thing is its revolving restaurant on 41st floor which lets you have a good view of the city. However, service in that restaurant is not up to the mark.	
Aug 5 2009 	Service was surprisingly good for a Chinese-run hotel	My husband and 1-yr old baby stayed overnight here for our friend's wedding, which was at this same hotel. The overall facility and our room were clean, comfortable and nice. Maybe because our expectations for a Chinese hotel weren't that high, we ended up really enjoying our stay. First off, we didn't have to remind them to bring in the baby crib (they brought it into the room promptly). Even with the crib there was still plenty of room, and ours was just the standard room (it was called Superior). Since I can speak Chinese, I'm not sure how the staff's English level is. But what really impressed us was, the hotel was very efficient in finding the things we left in the room after we checked out, AND mailed them out to our home address the same day (we paid for shipping of course). Maybe this kind of service is assumed as normal for a Western hotel, but for a Chinese hotel, I was pleasantly surprised. I was expecting to wait for weeks for my stuff to be mailed out, if at all.	
Jun 8 2009 	Not bad	I read the other reviews and I found the hotel to be not bad at all.The first room we stayed in was ultra modern although a bit small; 42&quot; plasma TV, good bed, etc; one problem: the wall separating the bathroom from the rest of the room was all glass. That rules out visitors, to say the least.In the room we found a coffee maker, a small fridge, cups and saucers, some cutlery, etc.After the cruise we stayed in a different older room that was actually much better; needed some paint, but it was larger, and had a more traditional bathroom.We liked the buffet for dinner and the food in the lobby; there is a small gift shop where one can buy water and other drinks, though the hotel supplies two free bottles of water a day, as do most other hotels.Everybody was actually very helpful, although English was definitely not fluently spoken; but they did try and we managed. The concierge was, however, a bit useless.The location was adequate, though personally I would have preferred a more central location, near the pedestrian mall or the Yu Yuan Gardens. We found our best souvenirs in the small towns during the river cruise. I don't think the shopping in Shanghai is as great as everybody makes it sound.We did experience the unrelenting noise from the construction site nearby; this is all over Shanghai now, since they are preparing for the World Expo next year. The Bund, for instance, is a mess.All in all, it was a pleasant experience, though next time I would go for the J.W. Marriott's better location.	
May 16 2009 	Good Location	Jin Jiang was my last stop. I had finished all my Business meetings and wanted to stay in a good shopping area for 2 days. The Rooms were lovely, tariff not too bad, but the staff was extremely cold and tried to charge for the complimentary water to discourage me from asking for water - since I do require more than a couple of small bottles a day! The massage parlour staff, too, forced a big tip out of me. The good thing about this Hotel is that there are a lot of good shopping places close by. The Buddha Jade Temple is also not too far off. Lots of nice restaurants around to chose from.	
Apr 6 2009 	Bad Hotel	I stayed a total of 22 nights in March/April and 20 nights February which is more than enough to give an opinion.The first time I stayed in the standard rooms on the lower floor, the rooms themselves were bright and modern, the cleanliness was good on moving in but after that depending on the cleaner was hit and miss.Second time of staying, I upgraded to the executive rooms floor 35 which for a few extra £'s is a better deal.Bad points: If you want piece and quite this is not the hotel for you, granted when moving in there was a letter on my desk saying they were carrying out some works in the day, ok not a problem. What they don't tell you is they don't care what time of day they start or finish. The drilling was so laud I could not hear my TV, if you want the noise to stop you have to complain. The first time I had to complain was when I got back from work at 8.30pm and the drilling and noise was still underway. The second time of complaining was at 07.30am, this hotel doesn't give a dam about their guests.The rooms give the impression that you can adjust the air co but as I found out that is not the case. When I asked about the room temp I was advised to move rooms which I did but did not solve the problem. The room temp is fixed centrally; my room was between 26 &amp; 28 very uncomfortable. You can't leave the windows open because of noise.The food in the hotel is very poor indeed, from the revolving restaurant to room service.There are far better hotels in Shanghai and I wouldn't stay here again.It also gets tire some when coming back from work later in the evening to be joined in the elevator by free lance prostitutes offering their services. Outside the main door of the hotel, they allow street traders to hassle you to buy knock off merchandise, myself and other guests complained several times and the problem for now has gone away. I stay in hotels 9 to 10 months of the year around the world so I know how I like things to be when I’m paying. The first time of staying I didn’t have to suffer the noise the food was just as bad we there are plenty of places to eat outside.	
Mar 28 2009 	Don't Believe the Hype	Based on the appearance, the hotel seems quite nice. However, the shower leaked and the toilet kept running. Also, the Business Center was not a good deal. They charge RMB 3 per minute and the computer is super slow and outdated. What a great scam.If your Chinese is limited (like mine) don't expect to get too much help from the staff. Several of them didn't know how to help me say &quot;The Bund&quot; in Chinese - I believe the concierge misdirected us on 2 separate occasions. There are some very good restaurants within walking distance. Xintiandi and Nanjing Road are both fairly close by taxi (approx RMB 11-14).	
Mar 25 2009 	Overall very good Shanghai hotel	Pros: Location, newly renovated rooms, good serviceCons: Bad breakfast buffet: dry bread, horrible sushi. We checked in early, coming straight from the train from Bejing, and upgraded, so we could check in at 8.00 am. We were told, that there was a complimentary breakfast - for 1 person ... - so we went up and had the buffet - It was really not worth the money - and afterwards, we were told, that the offer did not apply to the day we checked in ... Had we known this, we would definately not have eaten there. But apart from this misunderstanding, the overall impression was good. Nice, new room and OK staff. The location in the French concession was very good.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great Hotel for Fashionistas	Jin Jiang Tower is at the center of Shanghaiboutique shopping. Within blocks there areclose to a thousand specialty clothing storeswith some great products and unbelievablepricing.That's about the only thing good about it.The place litterally &quot;stinks&quot;. The lobby andelevators have a putrid stench. Apparentlythe gardeners in the atrium don't maintainthe plants and the roots are rotting.Well that's not all that is rotten. The serviceis rotten too. The Jin Jiang Tower has the laziest and mostrude staff of any hotel in Puxi. The updated rooms have nice decor, the view is nice,location is great. Try to get a cab there. Good luck!Better go out and take your chance to flag down oneon Changle Lu. The doorman is too busy smokingcigarettes and yacking with his buddies.Better bring a cart with you, there aren't any bellboys in sight.	
Dec 3 2008	Pretty good - nicely renovated	I stayed here for two nights as part of a tour group. The hotel was certainly very nice especially the recently renovated rooms. The bed was very comfortable, the flat screen TV with many many channels, the bathroom was well stocked with amenities, and the room view was fantastic. The hotel is located in the older part of town with the nice grand olde Shanghai charm. Many upscale shops and restaurants within blocks, some just around the corner. With the room rate, it included breakfast in the top level rotating restaurant. The view was unmatched almost anywhere in Shanghai. There are over five food stations with one custom cooking chinese noodles, and one custom cooking eggs. Many many choices, including some dim sum. Do not forget about the swimming pool and the huge sauna on the sixth floor. The sauna has three fullsize heated pools, steam room, with full back scrub and massage services. I went there both nights to relax after long days of walking tour and shopping walks. There are two minor point I wish the hotel would consider improving. First and foremost, the internet connection fee was way too high, $180 rmb for an hour, Come on! Second is that the quality of staff may fluctuate. Although everyone was very friendly, I encountered two who just went through the motion. It is a little bit far from the bund. The choices was walk three long blocks and take subway two long station away, or a take a taxi costing about $25 rbm. However, we had so much fun shopping in the neighborhood, my shopping buddies did not see any need to go to the Nanking Road shopping area. One of them bought a new suit-case just to fill the clothing she bought. So if you have concerns of staying here, I would ignore all previous reviews regarding the outdatedness of this hotel. The renovation was wonderfully done and has transformed this hotel as one of my favorite in town. (mind you, I have stayed in two other Shanghia hotel before).	
Oct 7 2008 	Adequate hotel with good location	My friend and I stayed two days at Jinjiang Tower as part of the holiday package offered by our travel agency. The hotel isn't exactly five stars by international standard, but we have no major complaints. The hotel is conveniently located near Huaihai Road, with eateries such as Hong Kong Xinwang cafe and Bifengtang restaurant just round the corner. The nearest subway station - Shaanxi South is also only about 7 to ten minute walk. A cab ride to Xintiandi and major shopping district cost only about RMB 13-15. The rooms were clean, comfortable and the decor updated with a LCD TV - complete with premium international channels such as CNN, HBO, BBC, Deutsche Welle etc. Our only problem is with the wall-mounted hair dryer in the bathroom that we found awfully weak. Other than that, we had an overall comfortable stay at Jinjiang Tower and would consider staying there again.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great hotel great location - make sure you get an updated room	I had a lot of apprehension staying at this hotel. While it was the &quot;first five star hotel&quot; in shanghai, it certainly didnt appear to be what americans would consider 5 star (at least not anymore). however, the location and hotel rates were too good to ignore. as of june 2008, the rooms on the executive floor, while larger and coming with perks (free breakfast, internet etc), were not updated. my fiance had stayed there in january and march on the executive floor and found the rooms &quot;dated&quot;. to my pleasant surprise, when we arrived we were put into a very updated room (fairly modern). we got the deluxe king room on the 13th floor (34 sq meters)the room came with every possible bathroom amenity (shampoo, conditioner etc, toothbrush and toothpaste, razor, comb, cotton.... you really didnt need to bring anything). the room also came with two complimentary bottles of water daily. internet was fairly expensive at 120 RMB for 24 hours, but connection was easy to set up and fast. very centrally located... and the concierge all speak english and are willing to help. we enjoyed a great breakfast every morning on the 41st floor - they had such a wide selection of foods to choose from. the restaurant rotates, so you can get a great view of the city as you dine.	
Jul 14 2008	Good choice hotel in good location	I spent several days at the Jin Jiang Tower Hotel as part of a large group and overall my experience was very good (yes, except for the musty smell in the lobby, but that's the way it goes in humid areas). The rooms, albeit on the smaller side, are all newly refurbished in a sleek IKEA-look with excellent lighting - even small reading lights by the beds - something hard to find in even the glitziest hotels in the world.The bathroom is fine as well and is stocked with everything you possibly need, from razors to tooth brushes to wooden combs. The only negative here, as noted by another traveller, is the hair dryer stuck in a drawer - you will have to bend down to dry your hair, but at least the hair dryer is powerful.The gym is a bit small with just a few machines, there is also a larger terrace area where you can jog outside (if you do not prefer to jog through the city as my room mate did every morning - the park is not too far from the hotel).The indoor pool is very nice and large enough for 4 - 5 people swimming laps at once, I did not notice too much chlorine, on the contrary, I found the water rather fresh, clear and clean. Please note to bring a swimming cap as this seems to be &quot;mandatory&quot; in all Chinese hotel pools. (They did not enforce it strictly at this hotel). There is also a vapor sauna and a hot tub in the changing room areas.Now, the one and only thing that was TOTALLY worth the stay at this hotel is the breakfast. Never before have I seen such an abundance, there are buffet tables after buffet tables of food of all varieties: Japanese breakfast, Korean breakfast, Singapore noodles, Spaghetti, soups, Chinese dumplings, American breakfast with eggs of all kinds and also European style items, ranging from fresh rolls to one of the best dark grainy breads I have ever tasted etc etc etc. And did I mention it is served on the 41st floor in a revolving restaurant? You get a 360 degree view over Shanghai, quite amazing. This way I was able to fill up on breakfast and escape the sometimes well too average group food we were served during our trip.Another tip: Not far from the hotel you will find Cafe Costa on HuaiHuai Road for a quick and delicious caffeine fix.	
May 12 2008	Between great and terrible	Excellent: rooms, location, space, breakfast room.Bad: staff, lobby smell, services.Mixed feelings here. Rate was good.	
May 5 2008 	Not bad great location	This hotel is certainly not one of the newer ones in town. It probably was THE place to stay when it first opened, but it's beginning to show its age. The location cannot be beat because it's one block off Huai Hai Road which is one of the main shopping drags in the city. You can walk to a lot of restaurants as well, but be warned that it's several blocks from the Metro stop. If you want a decent moderately priced hotel with a very central location not too far from People's Square and the Grand Theater, this one should do. (If you want a great moderately priced hotel, you can go to the Eton on the Pudong side but it's off the beaten path.) There are better hotels with better locations but they are much higher priced. This one is run by the Chinese government so it's not quite at the same level as the luxury hotel chains, but if you don't spend lots of time in your hotel room, this one is more than adequate. The room we stayed in on the 21st floor was a solid B+ in terms of size, quality and cleanliness and the staff is accommodating enough. No complaints about noise at all. We didn't eat at the revolving restaurant on the 41st floor other than for the breakfast buffet. I wouldn't recommend it for the Chinese food, but it had lots of variety and the food was fresh. I don't have any real complaints other than the elevators can be a bit slow and the hair dryer in the vanity drawer had an extension cord that was too short forcing you to kind of bend over to dry your hair. The swimming pool was large and clean but the chlorine was on the heavy side. The women singing at the lobby piano bar in the evenings was a nice touch.	
Dec 30 2007 	Location location location	The Jin Jiang Tower was recommended by a Chinese friend living in Shanghai and married to a European expat. She booked the hotel for me and got great rates. It's not the same 5 stars standards as the Ritz-Carlton, I'd rate it as a good American 3+ stars but it's such a good value as the hotel is in the best location in Shanghai, in the middle of the French Concession district, wonderful restaurants and shopping and everything else. I've stayed in Shanghai on 4 different trips in 4 different hotels and this is my favorite.	
Nov 20 2007 	Not an international 5 Star but pretty good	I stayed at the JJ Tower for a week. It was my first time to Shanghai and I wanted a nice place for a reasonable price. The JJ Tower was a quite good. My room was very nice, recently renovated and had a great view from the 21st floor. The cleanliness wasn't great. The cleaning staff put very little effort into cleaning the bathroom and carpet... I'd hate to see what a UV light would pick up.The food at the hotel restaurant was edible, service was poor but the view made up for it. The other service in the hotel was satissfactory. The front desk staff were helpful and friendly and had decent english skills. The Business center was well equipped and internet terminals are provided. Broadband is provided in each room, but not wireless.The location is great. It's very close to Xian Tan Di (10 min walk) and the Bund (10-15 min by Taxi). There were lots of great boutiques and restaurants within 2-4 blocks (Starbucks and McD's 4 blocks away).Definately a great place to stay if you're budget is under $200 US / night.	
Oct 2 2007 	Not bad but needs some refurbishing	Stayed recently at this hotel with my wife. She and some of her friends have stayed here before and as business travelers, they have found it to be ok. Smoking is allowed in most hotels in China and Japan, so if you mind, make sure you reserve a non-smoking room. We forgot to add that detail, so when we arrived we were given a twin room in a smoking floor. As my wife's pregnant, we demanded a non-smoking room and got upgraded to a twin room at their executive floor, on the 34th floor. We had no problem with the upkeep of our room, but the hotel is somewhat old and needs some refurbishing. This is quite evident in the revolving restaurant, where a well-stocked and varied buffet breakfast is served daily, especially as anyone can notice that the panoramic windows' metallic mesh blinds are rusty or stained and some have been haphazardly repaired. My wife and I both speak fluent Mandarin, but we used English at the front desk and with their phone operators, and they had good, if a bit slow, English skills. There are many small shops and eateries near the hotel and a few minutes' walk takes you to a road with many Western brand boutiques. The subway station is a good twenty minutes away, and not that easy to find, but taxicabs are plentiful and not expensive. Wished I had tried their 6th floor pool but didn't have the time. The Xintiandi district of restaurants, galleries and shops is about 30 mins. by foot. We were in Shanghai in late September and it was 28 degrees Celsius but very humid. Our Shanghai friends say that this was cooler weather, but we sweated a lot. By the way, there are many Jin Jiang hotels in the Shanghai area, and this chain is a &quot;Chinese brand&quot; that went public sometime last year, I think.	
Sep 30 2007	Good location	We stayed at this hotel as part of a tour group. The rooms were okay-- the carpet in the rooms seemed a bit worn but not bad in cleanliness. Everything else was in clean and in order. It is not a 5 star hotel. 3 or 4 stars are more appropriate. Staff was excellent-- very good service and well trained. Internet worked fine. Location in the French Concession area was a plus for me. It had a feel like we were in a neighborhood where people actually lived. The taxi to places of interest is very cheap (11 Renmenbi to the Bund). Be aware that taxis can be hard to get in some places, like the Old City area, during rush hour. We had a free breakfast coupon as part of the tour package. The breakfast buffet at the top (a revolving restaurant) was excellent with chinese and western food choices. We had one night not part of the tour and the charge for breakfast was about 170 Renmenbi.	
Oct 14 2006 	Convenient and great breakfast	Although we had wanted to stay closer to the Bund and old city, we had trouble getting in because we were in Shanghai at the beginning of the National Day week. This hotel was still conveniently located and taxis to the museums or other locations in western Shanghai were only a couple of dollars. The lobby is nice, people polite, most of the staff at the desk and concierge spoke english well. Bell staff promptly obtained taxis and we never had any difficulty with them communicating with the taxi drivers about where we wanted to go. The breakfast is a huge buffet on the 41st floor, which is a rotating restaurant. Most days were sunny and the view was incredible. All in our party enjoyed the food, there was a lot of variety and it was good. You could have eggs cooked to order, asian food (great vegetables!), fruit, cereal, meats, just about anything you could think of. I was pleasantly surprised at how good the coffee was, and my tea loving friends liked the tea. The only issue at all was it could be quite cool in the restaurant, so we and the food would get cold.My issue with the hotel was the lack of cleanliness of the rooms. The bathrooms were ok, minor problems with the grout, but the carpets are filthy. I don't think they know what a vacuum is, the carpet never appeared to have been swept during our stay, and I venture has never been steam cleaned. Thank goodness for the complimentary slippers, I wore them at all times. The beds were very comfortable and other linens were clean. The drapes were dirty too.My husband used the gym and spa a few times, including the whirlpool and foot massage, and gave it good marks. One little tip, and perhaps those of you who travel more already know this, but I couldn't figure out how to turn the lights on at first...in the couple of Chinese hotels we stayed in, there is a small slot near the door where you have to insert your key card, and that activates the electricity in the room. If you didn't know this, I just saved you a few minutes of fumbling in the dark, as the doorman didn't tell me.	
Sep 6 2006 	$7.00 cup of coffee!!	After a long day of traveling, I arrived at the JinJiang Tower. We had to use the side door, since the lobby was under construction, and the front entrance was all closed off. My booking was arranged via a business collegue in Shanghai who lives their, so I would have thought I got a good deal. But after my arriving home, and reading some of the posts here, I paid to much. Did not get breakfast, and the room was so-so.What really urked me was the price of the cup of coffee in the lobby, 55RMB, that is that is almost US$7.00 I almost flipped! In China??? A beer on the top floor is actually cheaper.From a location point of view it is a reasonably nice location. But taxi's are reasonable, so everything can be close by.	
Aug 24 2006 	Not Recommended...	Arriving from an amazing time at the MO in KL, we had high expectations. Unfortunately, this so-called 5* hotel was very poor. Firstly, hotel got booking wrong and gave us twin beds instead of double. They could not change us until the next day, not a good start. The rooms they gave us were not up to the standard of 5* hotels. The bathrooms were very small, there was only a plastic shower curtain above the bath tub to act as the shower and the toilet was in the way of the wash basin. If they want to keep their hotel as 5*, then they definitely need a complete overhaul of the rooms. Service was average with again much improvement needed. Even though we got a good rate for this hotel, we were extremely disappointed so after staying for 2 nights we changed to the Shangri-la in Pudong.	
Jul 11 2006 	Decent Hotel	I recently stayed at the Jin Jiang Tower for 2 nights. Shanghai is an amazing city.The Tower had an impressive lobby, but the rooms were a little dated. Everything was very clean but I agree with another post that it could use an update. I also found the staff in the restaurant and at the front desk to be a little curt. Also, the front desk closed during the night, which made it hard for myself and my group of jet lagged friends to get assistance or call other rooms. Most hotels I have stayed at have 24 hour front desk staff. Also, the elevators took FOREVER.The neighorhood was ok, there was a lot of shopping nearby (within a couple blocks). However, if I were to go back to Shanghai, I would prefer to stay closer to the Bund. Overall, I would probably not stay here again.	
May 17 2006	Loved the Jin Jiang	The Jin JIang Tower is in the heart of the French Concession, and a cheap taxi ride to the Bund. Our room was clean and huge, the bathroom was a little dated, but for $135/night it was a great deal. The lobby was beautiful, although it did have a weird smell that fortunately didn't seem to escape anywhere else in the hotel. The best part about staying at the Jin Jiang was the free breakfasts in their rotating restaurant with beautiful views of the entire city. We would return here anytime.	
Nov 13 2005	Would not stay at Jin Jiang Tower again	The common facilites were good but our standard room and 2 others they tried to move us to were poorly maintained. The carpet was very dirty and worn. I would guess it had never been replaced and seldom cleaned. The bath was dirty and full of mildew and mold. A bottle of Tilex would have done wonders. It is a shame because the facility was really nice at one point and could be upgraded with minimum investment. It was our onlybad experience in hotels in China. Beijing and Xian hotels were very good	
Nov 22 2009 	?????		
Oct 28 2009 	???????		
Oct 27 2009 	????????????????		
Oct 18 2009 	Excelente		
Sep 19 2009 	????????		
Sep 11 2009 	??????????		
Sep 1 2009 	???????????		
Aug 23 2009 	???????????????????		
Sep 21 2008 	????????		
May 18 2008 	Absolut empfehlenswert!		
Aug 8 2007 	Alles in allem empfehlenswert		
