Aug 13 2009 	Great hostel but kitchen needs improvement	big and nice rooms and overall good experience. staff is helpfulkitchen opening times need to be mentioned as we tried to order lunch at 11:15 am and they could not make fried rice yet.Overall nice place and easy to get taxis and a short walk to the subway.	
Jul 30 2009 	Pleasantly surprised.....	Getting to the hostel across Wuning road..... is an achievement in itself, but aside from that - it is a lovely hostel:)We are backpacking for 8 months and we had a twin room with ensuite, however the facilities were such that i could have easily used the dorms. The washroom facilities were excellent and cleaned everyday. Our ensuite was quite large and had a separate shower cubicle (a luxury!) and was extremely clean. The staff were helpful, if a little harrassed!! We stayed during the eclipse and it was very busy. Breakfast is ok, computers are good (but not free as advertised , ok only 1 Yuen per 15 mins but that isnt free!!). The food is good in the restaurant. Relatively close to the subway and easy to get around. Shanghai was disappointed but we werent by this hostel - would definietly recommend.	
Feb 16 2009	Phone Stolen from locked private room in this hostel....awful experience!	On the surface this hostel is clean and seems well run but having had my mobile phone stolen out of my locked private room here, I would suggest to anyone considering this place to avoid it all costs! My boyfriend and I stayed here for a week as part of a 6 month round the world trip adn 4 weeks spent in China. This was the only place we experienced any robbery. After visiting nearly 40 hostels in 6 months that says something!When we told the hostel staff that my phone was missing and we wanted to report it to the police, they sent a member of the reception team to the police station with us and told us to lie.The guy from the hostel did all the talking to the police but refused to tell them my phone had been stolen in the hostel and made up a story that I had been mugged in the street. He then told me to sign a statement which he had made with the police officer and when I said I wanted him to sign it as well he became really aggressive and starting shouting at me. I was really frightened as was my boyfriend who has travelled the world with me twice and we have never experienced anything like that!I found the majority of staff to seem sweet and innocent before my phone was stolen but afterwards there was definitely an intimidating under current with them and they would hang around glaring at the foreigners in the reception area where there is the internet access and bar. It seemed like there might have been some sort of organised crime going on in there and everyone was in on it. Conveniently the security guard had a phone indentical to mine that he was fixated with and playing around with all day, the day after mine was stolen. V strange!	
Nov 13 2008 	Big bustling hostel	This hostel is not in the most picturesque part of Shanghai, and getting to it across the manic Wuning Rd is something of an achievement. The hostel itself is set back from the road in a sort of cul-de-sac, so is shielded from the worst of the noise from the road. It is a huge place. There are two residential blocks, a large reception/internet/seating area linking the two blocks and a large bar leading off that. As a single traveller in Shanghai for work, I thought it would be a good place to meet people. However, the socialising aspects were far outweighed by the inconvenience of the location and the general standard of the facilities. There are two showers and two toilets for each sex on each floor, and although I never had to queue, they did get pretty smelly and dirty. There are hot water rooms on every other floor, and one kitchen and two washing machines per block. This makes it really inconvenient if you want to make yourself a cup of coffee or heat up some noodles. The bar does food, and it is reasonably priced and tasty- but make sure they put your order into their computer or prepare for an unpleasant stand-off with the staff when your dinner doesn't come. There is also a buffet breakfast included in the room price, but it is not great- cereal, (cold) steamed buns and red bean porridge. The internet is intolerably slow and with only seven terminals between 500 travellers be prepared for a long wait. Finally, this is not a hostel for anyone who needs a good nights' rest. The long, institutional corridors magnify every sound- particularly people who have locked themselves out of their rooms in the early hours.Having said all that, if you're after a big, fun, cheap hostel where you can drink cheap beers with fellow travellers over a game of pool or FIFA on the PS2 during your week in Shanghai, then this might be just the place for you.	
Oct 20 2008 	Impressed!	We're three girls mid 20's sharing a triple private ensuite in this hostel and in the week and a half we have been here we have been very impressed. Contrary to the name, the hostel is definitely not city centre, however having read other reviews on this website we knew that before we came and realised being central would be way over our budget. It's really easy to pick up a taxi outside the hostel and takes about 15 minutes to get to People's Square, costing less than £3.00. Our room is pretty large and gets cleaned every day, we're getting towels replaced and some free items such as toothbrushes and shampoo have been provided. The staff seem really nice. There's air conditioning in the room which appears to be free of charge and the internet (via lan cable) is slow, especially at peak times, but it works. The shower is hot and a good pressure. We went to the restaurant one night. We were not expecting it to be great but we really enjoyed it. We were after a western fix and the pasta and pizza were very tasty and tasted really fresh. We had some noisy neighbours a couple of nights which was annoying but part and parcel of staying in a hostel so we didn't complain and they didn't stay long. Some of the reviews mentioned the beds being hard, and they are firm but we haven't had any problems sleeping in that respect. It's definitely worth taking the hostel card out which has the address in Chinese as well as a small map on the back, as hardly any taxi drivers speak or read English, and if you come from the airport in a taxi make sure you have the address printed as it's down a side street which would be pretty difficult to find first time.The hostel is very close to a subway station also.If I return to Shanghai I'd definitely stay here again.	
Sep 26 2008 	Just great	After having travelled for a month around the northeast of China and having visited 6 cities and 6 different hostels, I can say this is the best of all!! Clean, modern, new, the staff are nice and speak english, they offer a free breakfast (very good by the way!!), free internet that works and enough PC's!!! And a free shuttel bus to the city center (the subway station is not far either). The lounge and bar area are also great. This is the place to stay in Shanghai!!	
Sep 14 2008 	Great hostel in Shanghai	I stayed at this youth hostel for a week. The hostel itself is large and many of the facilities are more hotel-like, especially the single and double rooms, which I both tried (see below). The hostel facilities are good. There is free internet, free in-room (slow) wifi, TVs in all rooms, and air conditioning in the rooms. The bar/restaurant area is pleasant and a good place to meet people in the evenings. There are laundry facilities and the hostel staff can help with booking train tickets, airport rides and other transport.At first I was in a standard single room on the ground floor. The room was ok, with a single bed and free wifi, a toilet and shower, and a kettle with green tea sachets. However, the bed was super-hard, and space was kinda limited. There are only two small lights in the room, which made it dark – and the desk lamp kept spluttering so I tried not to touch it. Add to that the fact that the windows gave out onto the front entrance, which also made it noisy when people congregate outside for a smoke or a chat. Lastly, the air conditioning unit in all rooms has controls in Chinese – and the handset in the room stopped working after a short while, which only gave me the choice of having the unit off, or on full blast. My stay in a single room was short, however, as one dark morning a storm moved in over Shanghai, and a very big leak opened in the ceiling of the room, flooding the floor. The staff was very quick and efficient in moving me to a double room.Double rooms are similar to single rooms, but overall more pleasant – more space, the air con unit was newer, the beds were thankfully softer. You also get better quality shampoo, I noticed....although I’d recommend to buy shampoo in the supermarket. Getting to the hostel is easy as long as you have taxi directions in Chinese, and remember that the road is not Wuning Nan Road, but Wuning Road proper. You can also get there by metro (Caoyang St. stop), but I can see how that could be a bit confusing, as the metro station has 3 different exits. The rule of thumb is, exit the metro, turn right and follow the tracks a short distance towards an intersection of two big roads, one of which is Wunin. Cross the road (taking good care), and the hostel is a short ways through a gated entrance to your right.Around the hostel, you can find some cheap places to eat. If you walk out onto Wuning Rd and turn right, you can find a meal for 10 yuan. There is also a small shop just outside the hotel, but the owner’s livelihood seems to depend on fleecing non-Chinese tourists....a bottle of Nongfu Spring water there cost me 5 yuan (more than I would pay for a bottle of water in Europe!), but at any Family Mart in Shanghai the standard price is 1.7 yuan.The reception staff speaks English and is very pleasant and willing to help. The bar staff was a bit stand-offish when I was there, at one point shouting at me because I asked the same question twice (I did not understand the answer the first time....I was trying my best, but I’ve only taken a few months of Mandarin!).The only negatives about this hostel were the inconsistent room service - items were not necessarily replaced very often, such as shampoo or tea. Also, the wireless stopped working for a few days and none of the staff seemed to know why, or when it would be fixed - this left a lot of travellers having to line up for the free computers. Tip: the bar has ethernet points, and the front desk is more than happy to lend you ethernet cables if you need them. So if you have your own laptop, ethernet in the bar is a lot faster than wifi in your room.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great place not 5 star but incredible for the price	When in China, do as the Romans do....This fantastic hostel has accomodations for sharing and private rooms, all incredibly cheap. I stayed in a private room for a month while taking a course and can not begin to expound on the wonderful staff, management and facilities. My only gripe was the really bad tp. You can buy your own cheap at the Carrefour down the street. One plus is a really amazing street market, behind the hostel. I bought eggs (by the ones) and fruit daily. mandarin oranges and the best apples. Cooked the eggs (hard boiled) in the electric teapot provided in the room.There is a house dog named Chris that loves or hates you. It became my mission to have him love me...he did, finally.	
