Jun 27 2009	Was treated like dirt when we complained about being stolen	My family and I stayed at the Jianguo Hotel in Shanghai. On June 15, 2009 my sister noticed her makeup kit was missing, My nephew noticed that his eye contact solution was also missing. 8 of my fish cloisonne were also missing. We did bring this up to the front desk. They did come to our room immedately. They took a statement from us and them promptly called us back an hour later to tell us that they contacted the maid and her manager and said that they did not believe she did it. I would not recommed this hotel. I also learned that if I would have called the police that they would have made the hotel reimburse us for the stolen items.	
Jun 17 2009	Great hotel - great location	This hotel is really good - in a great location, the staff were friendly and efficient. Room was good - as was the shower. Breakfast was very good, food was hot.	
Jun 15 2009 	Average business hotel	Stayed at the Jianguo hotel for one night before travelling to Wuhan. Overall pretty standard business hotel. Rooms were normal size and had everything that was needed. Breakfast was good with a varied selection. Hotel location is ok with easy access to the Shanghai metro to get around. Staff were helpful anf looked after our bags for a couple of hours when we checked ut early.	
Aug 17 2008	First Class Hotel...	Enjoyed our stay here for two nights. The food was excellent and breakfast was superb with fantastic choice (including bottles of mineral water). Didn't have time to try the swimming pool unfortuately. The lobby toilets were immaculate however bizarrely had partial frosted glass between the cubicles and on the doors -a little off-putting to say the least!Rooms were of a good standard and very clean. Would definitely recommend this.	
Jul 15 2008 	Nice clean business hotel	The Jianguo is a nice and clean 4-star (by Chinese standards) hotel. The rooms were big enough, with a comfortable king size bed, a couch and a desk. The staff was very friendly and it was never a problem getting cards written in Chinese from the concierge to let the taxi driver know where to take me. The breakfast here is also outstanding, with a mix of foods to make anyone from North America, Europe or Asia happy.The location of the hotel is just ok. It was convenient for my business meetings and is close to the football/soccer stadium. A taxi ride to the French Concession wasn't too bad, but a ride to the Bund in Shanghai traffic took a long time.	
Apr 13 2008 	Small room by good price	Stayed at the Jianguo for three days on business. Hotel was well priced, but found it did not really live up to its 4 star claim. Rooms were clean and in good repair, but showed their age. Also the rooms were quite small, especially the bathroom. Room was quiet.Service was good - but like other reviewers I was followed off the elevator and propositioned for a 'massage' while I was walking to my room. Breakfast buffet was OK. Hotel location was central, and for its price I'd stay here again, just my expectations would be set lower on the 'luxury' front.	
Feb 25 2008 	Very Good Business Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for a total of 9 nights while in Shanghai. The service and cleanliness was excellent. The food was above par at the morning and evening buffet. It is conveniently located to several large shopping areas, and about a 30 min cab ride to the downtown and Bund areas. If your location of business is close by you can't do better, but if you are here as a tourist you are far from the action.The beds were a bit hard, but I am comparing them to US hotels. The bathroom had a nice hot shower, and great water pressure. The high speed access made it easy to do my work.All in all a very good business hotel.	
Feb 20 2008 	Good and reasonable clean hotel	I have been to a few hotels in the Shanghai area but this one was one of the better ones for location and cost!I booked it through asiarooms and the price was MUCh cheaper than booking the hotel direct.I had a room on the executive floor that gave you benefits such as free internet, a fully digital room so the tv also doubled as a HUGE computer, a separate floor for breakfast - where you could get both western and local foods, a happy hour (!)Room was clean, large and comfy with a fruit basket each day.The only negative thing I can say was the bed was quite hard but this is a Chinese 'thing'!Will defianlty stay again!!	
Jan 29 2008	Nice hotel the prostitutes in the foyer were a worry though	I won't bother going in to too much detail about the facilties, staff etc: My room was small but nice, Internet access handy and daily breakfast very nice. Concierge very helpful with writing cards in Chinese to give to taxi drivers.What did concern me, and I have no idea how it is in other hotels, was the number of requests for &quot;massages&quot; I and other members of our travelling party received. Also, one evening when we returned to the hotel there were 3 prostitutes standing by the elevators on the ground floor looking for business. (It took me a while to realise that the women standing around in some bars and on street corners in some parts of China are in fact selling themselves.... Call me niave!)It would be nice to think that, even if this does go on at every business grade hotel in China, it's something that's not condoned by management and that the &quot;procurement&quot; of such services could go on elsewhere....	
Aug 3 2007 	Reasonably priced central Hotel	Stayed in the Jianguo for a couple of nights over the weekend whilst on business. The Hotel appears to be fairly open &amp; modern in the main areas; lobby &amp; restaurants but I found my bedroom to be pretty small, old fashioned &amp; a bit claustrophobic. However, it was clean &amp; had internet access. On my first evening I ate in the Itoya Japanese restaurant. For me personally the menu was fairly restricted but I did enjoy what I ordered. On the second night I ate in the Sunflower court. I opted to order from the menu &amp; the meal was acceptable, but I wished I had gone for the buffet as the selection seemed to be really good. I didn't go for breakfast &amp; ate lunch in the food court of one of the nearby department stores, which had plenty of choice &amp; was very cheap.The location of the Hotel was very much a positive. It was quiet enough in the evenings, but only a 5/10 minute walk to the shopping district.Would recommend the Hotel for a short stay if you don't mind fairly cramped conditions in your room. The room provided decent value for money.	
Aug 23 2006 	Very clean and comfortable	We stayed in this hotel as part of our Kuoni tour of China. Some structural work was being undertaken, scaffolding was being erected while we were there. We received fruit and free drinks as compensation for this but we were not inconvenienced at all. The room on the 15th floor was clean and very comfortable with all the expected facilities. Breakfast was good with lots of choice.	
Mar 6 2006 	Great Place	I have stayed at this Hotel several times while in Shanghai. Rooms are very clean and well appointed. The executive floors have their own lounge on the 23rd. floor. Great view, and relaxing atmosphere. A better breakfast is served when staying on the exec. floors. There is shopping nearby, and there is a huge Catholic Cathedral directly across the street. It is approx 40 mins. to the airport. You can arrange for the hotel to pick you up at the airport. They will be waiting for you with a sign. I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 17 2005	Nice place!	We stayed at this hotel for 1 week. It is an international hotel, with a caring staff. The breakfast buffet is geared towards all nationalities. Rooms are spacious and clean. Rooms have a safe in them. Walking distance to shopping, bank, restaurants &amp; subway. Hotel has restaurants, hair salon/barber, business center, pool, etc. Concierge staff to arrange sightseeing or other amenities. We felt very safe in this area. I liked the fact that you could open the windows if you wish, too.	
Jul 27 2009 	?????????????		
Apr 27 2009 	Für Geschäftsreisende ideal---		
Feb 28 2009 	???????????		
Sep 26 2008 	Hotel calme bien situé excellent PdJ.		
Sep 18 2008 	???????		
