Nov 24 2009 	excellent hotel	the room are very well equiped and very clean ; the decoration is nice and the bed is very confortoable. This is really a top hotel and the area is nice for small shops and restaurant where you can eat typical chinese food. the hotel is nevertheless far from the city center but with cab this is not too much of a problem. Breakfast buffet is amazing and provide a great choice of excellent products	
Nov 5 2009 	Modern Hotel excellent value.	Couldn't fault the Novotel Atlantis. A very modern hotel with excellent amenities and friendly helpful staff.The rooms were very spacious well kept and clean.The hotel is within walking distance of the train station. I would highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again if visiting Shanghai again in the future.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good hotel let down by poor lighting in bathroom	Stayed here 1 night on the 37th floor. Big flat screen TV but no BBC (is it coincidence that it is a French hotel chain!) – no Sleep facility. Separate purpose-built spacious shower and bath. Very poor lighting in bathroom, particularly in front of mirror over sink. Not 5 star, but certainly 4 star.Revolving restaurant on 50th floor – excellent views over Shanghai – where had a seafood buffet. Part of hotel seemed to be closed – descended from lift and found ourselves in the deserted part with two bemused security guards looking at us. They soon gestured us out of the building and into the main street where, after 10-20 metre walk, we were soon back in the main hotel. Glorious view over Shanghai from hotel room. Despite being so high up, lifts were very quick.About 40 minutes from the Pudong international airport (150 yuan by taxi).	
Sep 26 2009 	Very nice hotel.	We stayed at this hotel for 11 nights. we had very nice and big room. there is a free internet in all rooms in this hotel. rooms were cleaned every day. the hotel has a nice swimming pool with a view to the city. Also there are some good restaurants.You can catch a taxi to go to the city center. Or use a metro which is 4 minutes walk from the hotel.	
Jul 29 2009 	Overall a very good hotel	I stayed here for 2 nights before heading back to Canada from a 4 week trip of China &amp; Malaysia. At first, I wasn't sure what to expect but what I found exceeded my expectations. We arrived on the red-eye flight from Kuala Lumpur and much to our surprise, we were able to check in right away (9am). Also, we were given free internet access (which was not included in the price) &amp; late checkout without any hassles. The hotel lobby was nice and spacious.I must say, the service was impeccable. Housekeeping was already in our room before we arrived to set up the rollaway bed and provided lots of extra anemities without being asked. We got a corner room which was more spacious and even with an extra bed, there was lots of room for our suitcases. The only downside is the location. It's in the business district of Pudong and not even close to a subway station. The nearest one was at least a 15 min walk away which seems like an eternity when it's over 40 degrees outside. You definately need to take a cab to get anywhere. Luckily there was a Starbucks next door which was handy.In all, I was very satisifed with this hotel and would stay here again.	
Jun 16 2009 	Basic business hotel	very basic business hotel. decent clean rooms. in the heart if pudong. 10 min away from thr maglev to shanghai airport. reasonably priced. starbucks in the adjoining lobby..	
Jun 6 2009 	Very good hotel	Been at that hotel for 4 days. Hotel's allure is great. The restaurants are interesting and serve good choices and tasty cuisine. Service is quick and with a smile. Location is not an issue. From Pudong airport, taking high speed train + taxi = 30 minutes max. This way, you avoid the cranky taxis. Internet in the room works well.	
Feb 27 2009 	Nice modern unpretentious hotel	I liked it a lot. Modern, efficient hotel with good health club facilities. Well located for Pudong business area. I am becoming a fan of this brand. Nice looking restaurants on site.	
Feb 15 2009 	Novotel Atlantis Shanghai	I stayed at the Novotel Atlantis for four days and overall the hotel is OK. Is far away from the Pudong Airport but its relatively close to Puxi and the Pudong city centre. The hotel is actually close to quite a few food places and you need to be adventurous and walk around the city and check out the places to eat. The hotel staff are ok. Some spoke good english but some staff in concierge lacked a bit in their English. If you need to go to Puxi I would suggest catching a cab as its relatively cheap. Taxi from airport to the hotel i about 125Yuan.	
Feb 4 2009 	Good choice for Business travellers	My company liked to put me and my colleagues here in this hotel because it's reasonably priced and it's close to our office. Their suite is fairly big with a living room and separate bedroom.The only knock on this hotel is definitely location. It's not within walking distance from the public transportation routes including subway. I recalled one occasion where we went out for dinner one night, it started to snow heavily and we couldn't find a taxi to take us back to the hotel. At the end, we called the hotel and the conciege staff was kind enough to send a taxi over to bring us back. Of course we were already frozen to death having waited on the cold street for almost an hour.	
Jan 23 2009 	Not bad	Not the cheapest stay, but it doesn't look cheap. Most of the staff were nice but not easy to communicate with. You have to speak simply and slowly. We didn't have a problem with the non-smoking room smelling of cigatette smoke, but 2 other guests told us they did. As well as some guests smoking in non-smoking areas, we saw several who didn't seem to have any respect for the hotel or other guests, even like spitting and discarding half-eaten candy on the floor. I wonder how the hotel will look in a few years if guests are allowed to not follow rules like that?	
Dec 21 2008 	If only distant wasnt the factor	Upon reading the previous reviews, i was quite worried. Most of the negative reviews are that it is quite far from the actions. I am visiting shanghai for 9 nights and stayed in Novotel Atlantis for 3 of it. I didnt really care whether the hotel will be far or not because I have another 6 nights in Westin right in the centre of town.Let me tell you this. It is not as far as i would have imagined from reading the reviews.I got a perfect room on the 37th floor, a corner room. Absolutely perfect view of the Shanghai Pudong Skyline (from the back) on one side and the commercial ports on the other.The checkin was rather annoying, considering i have already given them a call that i will be arriving at about 1am. That didnt bother me much though.The room was beautiful, spacious (maybe its the corner room) and as i said, with a beautiful view.Room service food was of good quality. House keeping really leaves you alone with the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on, which is what look for in any hotel.On my second day, I went up to the Art50 Restaurant on the top floor, which is a revolving restaurant. The food was ok, a seafood buffet, i am not a big fan of seafood, and i dont know why i go for it.But i think to seafood lovers it might be great, I'll leave that for you people to comment.At the dinner, the Director of Food and Bev noticed that i was having dinner alone (I was travelling alone), he came by to greet me. Talked to him for a while and i must say he is a very understanding and professional in hospitality issues.Oh, and he ordered a good pint of beer for me, on the house, which is always welcoming to any Aussie.Upon my departure day, i went down for breakfast at 2nd Deck Cafe. The Breakfast were nice, they cook egg on the spot for you. I reckon the bread could be better, it can get rock hard.Staff at the breakfast service were rather less friendly, and rarely smile, but that didnt really bother me. One good thing, they were very quick to remove your used plates, which is a real plus.Check out were quick and pleasant. The bellboy was quick to get to the room, and the Reception staff were very quick in processing. Further more, He did make sure that i quoted the correct A-Club Membership number.Overall, it was a pleasant stay. If you werent looking for a hotel right in the heart of town, then Novotel could be the hotel of choice. I would have to agree with most previous reviews about the hotel being abit out of the way, but fortunately for me, as i said, it wasn't part of the factor to consider for this stay. I would love to come back to this hotel again. Recommended for service.	
Nov 10 2008 	What A Disaster	The other reviews point out this hotels unfavourable location. It is removed from shops, restaurants and anything that would give a visitor thr feeling of being in Shanghai. The rooms a clean and well maintained but the staff have limited English for foreign visitors. It is a hotel without a sense of place. I did not try their premier restaurant on the top floor but hosted business guests to the rather expensive 118 yuan buffet on the second floor and was left embarrased by the poor quality of the food and the confussed selection. Another review warned about the in-room massage in which &quot;extras&quot; are offered - be warned - not a good look for Accor the operator. Another warning; I booked on the Accor website and when there was a problem the Assist Front Office Mgr produced a print-out with my full credit card number, my name and the security three digit code from the back of the card - a security nightmare. There are plenty of better alternatives that will give visitor a sense of the excitement that is Shanghai.	
Sep 16 2008 	Good mid-range hotel	This is a nice hotel with friendly staff. The room was fine with cable tv, fridge and the bottled water came in handy (although it was cheap to buy in the city as well). The hotel is a bit out of the tourist area, with the walk to the river taking about 40 minutes. However, pudong dadao runs outside the hotel and is a major rd so you can easily get a bus, or a taxi from the hotel, which are very cheap. A taxi to nanjing donglu (major shopping area over the river) costs about 25RMB which is very cheap in western money. Even the taxi from the airport was only the equivalent of $20 for a 1 hour ride. However, the taxi drivers go fast and drive to their own rules so buckle up! Also, there is a metro station 1 block away and the trains are great in Shanghai (although crowded). The breakfast is standard western/asian hot buffett and Olive's restaurant was good (and cheap). Make sure you learn some basic Chinese before you come or ask the staff to write down the hotel name in Chinese to give to taxi drivers. I found very few people (and hardly any taxi drivers) spoke English. The people in Shanghai are however very friendly and accommodation and you can get along fine with a smile and laugh.	
May 30 2008	Hotel assessment	I stayed for a week at the Novotel Atlantis in Pudong. The location is more suited to business people than tourists. However the rate was much cheaper (around $50/night cheaper) than for hotels in the city centre (eg the Bund). A taxi to the Bund costs about 20 yuan ($3). So for a 10 minute trip it was a reasonable trade off. A subway station is one block away for even cheaper transport. The hotel room was as expected for 4 star. Restaurants in the hotel were disappointing but typical for Shanghai. (The Hyatt's highly rated restaurant cost me $300 for 2 and was much inferior to Hong Kong standards.) The standard of food hygiene at Novotel appeared good however. The breakfast buffet was quite good. The hotel gives you a litre of bottled water every day which is essential in Shanghai. Travel advice from the concierge or other staff was really unavailable due to their extemely limited English ability. Not even brochures were available. Most other guests were Europeans so English may not be in demand much. Conclusion: would stay there again but with lower expectations.	
Jan 29 2008	I suspect you can find better in Shanghai	The rooms are nice enough but the hotel is not the best run Novotel in Asia. You might want to avoid the hotel restaurants as they are pretty hopeless. The independent Chinese restaurant just outside the main entrance to the left is vastly superior and is an impressive destination. After some 10 days of meetings and travellng I thought a nice massage, steam and sauna might be in order. Unfortunately the massage girl got a bit upset when I declined the 'Special Massage'. Very disappointing to end up in this scenario in a major brand hotel. If this is not your thing then best avoided.The Sofitel Pudong was classier and not very much more expensive, I will stay there in future.	
Sep 17 2007 	Nice hotel in shanghai	We stayed at this hotel on (23 &amp; 24 August) and booked the hotel through the hotel website. The down side to this hotel is that it is quite far away from downtown Shanghai and that there is not much to see or do near the hotel, there is a subway about 15 minutes walk away or you need to use taxis.On the positive side the hotel is very clean, with very friendly and knowledgeable staff who speak good english. The rooms are modern and of a very high standard, the rooms higher up have great views of the river. the hotel has a pool and plenty of restaurants and bars. special mention for the very helpful concierge staff.overall very good hotel and good value for money, pity about the distance from downtown.	
Aug 24 2007	A good Hotel in Pudong	I stayed in this Hotel several times during last year and my general opinion is very positive....nice modern rooms with great view if they are on high floors, good restaurants, and very nice bar on the 50th floor (turning around slowly and giving excellent view to Shanghai by night...No serious problems except that is in Pudong area and not so close to the centre of Shanghai (need taxi)	
Apr 17 2007 	Nice comfortable hotel but inconvenient uninteresting location.	I stay at this hotel whenever my company sends me to Shanghai for business. It is certainly a good hotel for business especially if you’re doing business in the Pudong area. However, I would not recommend this for tourists simply because it is far or at least inconvenient to get to the central and more interesting neighborhoods of the city, like the Bund or Nanjing Road. You’ll have to take a taxi or subway to get anywhere. Sometimes, it’s hard to get a taxi during rush hour or when it’s raining! Besides, there’s really nothing interesting within walking distance around the hotel’s neighborhood, certainly not restaurants, cafes, or shopping. The hotel has a fairly large lounge/bar and a business lounge on the 48th floor. Rooms are spacious, especially the “de luxe” rooms. They are well-lit, have light colored modern furnishings, very clean, and have ample closet space. Most, if not all rooms have birds-eye views of the city, beautiful especially at night! Beds are firm, almost too firm, pillows are thin, and towels not very plush but they do supply a bathrobe, slippers, and complimentary bottled water. Nice touch with the fresh rose on the pillow at turndown and rose petals floating in the toilet! The hotel’s gym is not very big but well-equipped. The restaurants are adequate but I would not recommend eating there if you don’t have to, not good value for the money and the quality of food is inconsistent at best. But the breakfast buffet is not bad, a good variety of dishes. Overall, the hotel is good value for the money if you don’t mind the location being inconveniently away from the city center and attractions.	
Feb 21 2007 	Great Hotel	My husband and I and another couple stayed at the Novotel Atlantis the first week of Feb 2007. I did not book the hotel, my friend did, and I was very concerned after reading reviews on this site.We all had excellent experiences. Upon arrival we were upgraded to business class at no extra charge to us. Our rooms were small but well appointed and had everything you could need. The beds were hard, but we ordered an extra duvet and put it under us. The bedding and pillows were very comfortable. The rooms were spotless, and we recieved turn down service every night. We were brought 2 fresh roses every night, and when they do the turn down service, they also tidy the bathroom and put rose petals in the toilet. The rooms have robes, irons, and all the comforts of home plus a few more. The toiletries were exceptional, with nothing left out.The restaurants were great. They were a little expensive, but the quality and selection were great. There was a small deli type restaurant, as well as two casual dining rooms, and the revolving restaurant on the 50th floor. There was also a lounge just off the lobby.Our every wish was catered to promptly and professionaly. I was dreading check out becuase I had read negative things here on this site. I went over the entire bill (6 nights and all meals) with a fine tooth comb and there were absolutely no mistakes. The couple we were travelling with had no problems either.The rooms had complimentary bottled water daily.The staff was very helpful and spoke English very well. The concierge and front end staff were especially helpful in directing taxi drivers for us, and providing us with notes in chinese to give to taxi drivers.It was about 15 min from major shopping, but we didn't mind because we got to see more of the city.I would highly recommend this hotel, and would stay there again myself. Everything exceeded my expectations, and believe me, I can be a fussy hotel guest.I almost forgot to mention the fabulous workout facility. It was a fully stocked gym. The change rooms have steam rooms and hot tubs. This was all complimentary. The pool was beautiful with lots of windows to oversee the city.I did find the spa services a little expensive, and did not ingulge. However, I am sure they were par with market value.Do not hesitate to stay here. It is definatley a business/corporate hotel. They know how to treat their guests with all the comforts of home, including western food. Have a great trip!	
Jan 8 2007 	Terrible service remote location never again	We read good reviews of the hotel, and we booked 4 nights in January 2007 through their hotel website. The hotel is far from all attractions of the city. There is absolutely nothing interesting around the hotel (other than a frienly local massage service opposite the entrance). Your best bet is to take a taxi to metro station and then a metro to city centre. You can of course take a taxi to the city, but the traffic is so bad that it would take you close to one hour, and the bets that you will be cheated by taxi driver is more than 50%. The hotel is a highrise building, so nice views especially at night, but rooms are simple, and in our room the heating was not working. However it took us one day and three different engineers to convince them that the heating was not working properly. After that, they changed our room, and the heating was fine, but by then we already got ill. Any service in the hotel is very very pricey and very bad. For example internet access was 4 yuans per minute (240 yuans or 24 euros per hour), and the connection was slow (apparently due to an earthquake in Taiwan). the same connection is 3 yuans PER HOUR in the city, and in 1 yuan per minute (60 yuans per hour) in a 5 star hotel in Shanghai. Also, the hotel double charged the bill when I booked through internet (apparently they had a problem with their VISA machine that day). Explaining the situation was a communication nightmare, as there are noone who speaks good English. Worse is that they think they understand! After hours of battling they agreed to contact the finance department who acknowedged the error, but I am still waiting for the refund. In short, I would never stay in this hotel again, and I cannot recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 8 2006 	Great value for your money	we have been 2 nights in october in this hotel and got a corner-room in the 41 th floor. we had a view to the jin mao tower and the bund. the room was very clean and comfortable. we booked over the accor-hotels.com webside and payed approx. 95 US-$ for one night.the staff is very helpful and friendly. the breakfast buffet is excellent, you can find something for europeans/americans or for asians.when you come from pudong airport take the magnetic train and then take a taxi to the hotel, it cost you approx. 3 US-$. when you go to the bund take also a taxi, its about 15 minutes and cost you approx. 2 US-S.	
Aug 30 2006 	Had a great stay at the Novotel	This was a typical novotel property. Clean and business like throughout. The rooms were simply and nicely appointed. Some great views from the upper floors including some spectacular views of the Jin Mao Tower - Shaghai's tallest building. The hotel is located in the Pudong district and is about a 20 min taxi ride from the main toruist areas of the The Bund. The good news is that the taxis in shangahi are very relaible and really cheap and you can get them from the front of the hotel. There really isn't much around the area as far as shops or restaurants. Ask the hotel and they will direct you to a couple of large shopping and restaurant complexes about 5 min taxi from the hotel. You might want to try dining at the revolving restaurant at the top of the hotel. I never did so can't comment, but the ride to the top is fun in a stomach churning glass elevator some 70 stories! The hotel had great indoor pool and spa facilities which we used quite a bit as well. Overall a good choice - though not in the heart of the tourist area.	
Jan 20 2006 	Not the best but hey its just a Novotel	This hotel is adequate for business travel.The lobby was just ok, a typical 3.5 - 4 star.The location was great for Pudong access, but terrible if your on holidays, 45mins from the French Con.The service was just average. Concierge was bad.If you dont speak Mandarin commuication will be a chore, but not impossible, I speak Mandarin, but tested out the staffs English skill, not to great.The room itself was typical of all novotels.I paid for a sedan transfer to the airport and ended up with a mini bus that was in need of retirement.Look this place didn't blow me away. If you don't have another option by all means stay here. But personally I think its highly overpriced for what it is.	
Nov 26 2005	enjoy my stay	Altho' not near to the shopping area and public transport, it is quiet and clean. Stay in deluxe room and asked for the city view. Taxi is still cheap and can get you anywhere.	
Aug 25 2005 	I'll stay here again.	Very good value for money. Clean, efficient and quite satisfactory in Pudong - everything one really needs. Seems to be popular with French tourists and unpretentious business travellers (that's me). I'm becoming a Novotel fan... .	
Jun 7 2005	great hotel in the pudong	I had a 4 day stay here recently. Rooms were lovely although windows a bit small. The conference facilities were great too. The position of the hotel is in the pudong which means for the markets and the bund you need to catch a taxi but it is very cheap at 2 euros for most rides! Stay and enjoy!	
Sep 24 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo bellissimo hotel		
Aug 27 2009 	Hotel irréprochable cependant un peu éloigné de l'hyper centre		
Sep 12 2008 	Ein Novotel - nicht mehr ganz das neueste		
Aug 31 2007	Superbe hôtel - Vue imprenable sur Shanghai by night		
