Oct 11 2009	Nanjing Hotel	Very convienent location. Nothing flash but clean and had everything you needed. I wouldn't bother with the breakfast.	
Oct 7 2009 	Happy Nanjing!	What an easy and pleasant introduction to Shanghai! For starters, this hotel is SIMPLE to get to from the airport - take the Maglev Express train to the terminus, transfer to the Metro Line 2, 6 stops to Nanjing Road EAST, out exit 1, turn right, walk less than 1 minute and voila! Nanjing Hotel. (The express train costs 50 and the metro ride costs 6 and could not be easier to navigate.)For 3 nights the location was ideal, central to everything. If you are feeling ambitious, at 7am you can walk up Nanjing Road to the People's Square and see all the morning buzz of exercisers and dancers. What a treat! The hotel itself has a quaint charm to it, I love this type of place! Like the reviewer below I was also on the 8th floor, in 801 which is a corner room, also at the end of the corridor, about TWICE as big as other rooms in the hotel, and 2 windows for a nice airy and breezy draft. I only mention that because, effective October 7, the hotel has dismantled its AC for the winter season. Great for the environment, not so great if you like a bit of air in your quarters. :) Problem solved, just ask (nicely) for a fan for the room,As for all the commentary regarding the front desk staff, I live in Asia and found the staff to be patient, accommodating, and helpful. ALL OF THEM. From the moment I walked in the hotel there was an issue with my Expedia booking that they quickly resolved. I was given a choice of rooms. I was provided a fan for my room, travel advice, restaurant advice, shopping advice, and even a hair dryer on request! I think if as a guest in China you take your time and communicate slowly you in your language, you will be met with a courteous and helpful response. As for the bedding, some reviewers complained and yes the bed IS firm but I LOVE it!! (I'd sleep on the floor if I could, hello tatami mat and futon!) If noise is an issue you'll definitely want to be on the back side of the hotel although I was on the front side and the noise completely dies down by evening. I am generally a light-ish sleeper and had no problem. Actually I thought the room and corridor were super quiet (not even sure there were any other guests during my stay- it was THAT quiet) In room broadband internet is available for .10 a mn or 20 a day, fairly reliable altho did time-out every couple of hours and the government has a ban on F@cebook, Tw1tter and Pic@sa currently in place, fyi. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends. Also, I highly recommend the sichuan restaurant (told to me by the Front Desk staff hehe) around the corner (try the chicken with peanuts YUMMMM, 28!) and also the Brick Coffee takeaway stand for a delicious Iced Pearl or Milk Tea Coffee (6 and 10 respectively). See photos attached. :)	
Oct 6 2009 	a great find	having hunted through trip advisor for shanghai hotels i went for the Nanjing.The location really is great- 50 metres from shanghai's super shopping street, 70 metres from the Nanjing rd East metro station and right opposite 3 or 4 really good cheap restaurantsif you're concerned about any road noise at night, ask for a room whose number ends between 10 and 17.BTW a few people have said the front desk people are rude-i didn't find that- they were a bit cold but hey, how long do you want to spend at the front desk when you're in shanghai	
Oct 4 2009	Good location 50 m to pedestrian street metro 	My 8 night stay was especially pleasant in corner room 820 at the end of the corridor with no passing guests. The wide single beds were very comfortable. Didn't open the windows because it was hot &amp; steamy outside &amp; of course there's noise from the car &amp; motor bike horns. The step up into the bathroom was most interesting &amp; sometimes the shower took time to warm up but worth the wait to be refreshed. Didn't think the buffet breakfast for Yuan 30 worth the money (lots of food choices outside on the stalls &amp; in cafes). The restaurant menu is adequate. Room cleaning was good. Post box outside hotel &amp; PO a few blocks away has a philatelic counter. The police station is a few doors from hotel so lots of men in uniform ! English language channel is CCTV9. Walk the back streets &amp; see a very different world from the one on Nanjing Lu. Get up early to see the tai chi &amp; badminton &amp; people watch.	
Oct 3 2009	Extremely Rude Front Desk Staff	The previous reviewers are correct. The hotel is in a great location, right next to the pedestrian mall. The carpet is dirty, the bedding was questionnable, the bathroom is dimly lit, has a strange step up, had lots of mold and half of the showers were cold.The windows are really thin, and the noise is unreal - if you are a light sleeper, do not stay here! The worst part of this hotel is the unbelieveably rude front desk staff.When we asked for directions to a local coffee spot (Starbucks) they pretended to notunderstand. When my white son spoke Mandarin to them (he is currently attending a University in China and met us for the trip), they refused to listen to him. Finally, one ofthe rudies said to go buy a map in the gift shop...they didn't have one map at the front desk! I will never stay here again, or recommend this hotel. There are other places that are just as handy with nice, helpful, staff!	
Oct 3 2009	basic hotel clean good location	People at reception speak english, better than in other places i stayed.Shower has little water pressure.Nothing else to say. Basic.Super location, as good as on nanjing road. Walking distance from the Bund or the People's Square.	
Sep 23 2009 	Do they hate their job that much?	State of carpet and hardness of bed was no different to any other hotel we stayed in, in China , BUT the impression you get is that the staff absolutely hate their job and absolutely hate customers!! One big advantage is it's location - close to metro which is great. Close to The Bund - but that's a mess at the moment and will be for some weeks yet I would expect. Great street stalls for breakfast etc - go out door, turn right and both the next street and second street over have plenty of street stalls. Yum.	
Sep 12 2009 	great value convenient location	For the rate we got we did not expect the Hilton, which we did not get of course. But we got an absolutely fine room, which was clean and well looked after in a hotel with a great location near the shopping street in walking distance from the Bund (which is of course currently a big construction venue for the Expo 2010) and only a few meters away from the metro station. Did not try the food there as our rate did not incl. any breakfast. Lots of small Chinese restaurants in that street though. Overall a great value for money deal and a completely satisfied stay. Service attitude at the reception was very different, depending from which staff was catering you. One was great, two others not. But we had no probs at all. Would definitely return.	
Aug 30 2009 	Unbelieveable value and location	I swapped to this hotel from my hostel further from the centre. I couldn't believe that such an affordable hotel could be right in the centre of the action. It was great to wander along Nanjing Donglu at night, and then just fall into bed. It's especially good for solo travellers like me, who don't really want to be walking a long way to get back to their accommodation at night.The room was fine...clean and comfortable. Some of the staff were a bit surly, but for 300Y a night, this place was fantastic.	
Jul 23 2009 	Decent Hotel Great Location	I will just agree with what previous posters said. The hotel is fine - clean enough, standard REALLY hard bed, decent size room. The location is EXCELLENT making it the perfect place to stay when we only had one night to do some sightseeing.The only negative thing I found was that the lighting in the bathroom was terrible and they didn't have any maps of Shanghai available to us.	
Jul 16 2009	Great Hotel : )	One of the best aspects of this hotel is its location, right on NanJing road and with easy access to the underground station and the 'newer' parts of Shanghai. The hotel itself was very nice, big, clean rooms. One thing that was slightly strange is that when we were standing in the bathrooms in the rooms everyone felt dizzy!! (we were a big group and nearly everyone mentioned it!!) maybe it was just us. The staff we also very polite and helpful.	
Jul 6 2009 	Good location and price. Bad hotel	The price is good for the location. The room is not too clean and small. I won't stay there again.	
Jul 5 2009 	Best hotel in Shanghai by location and price range!	As other reviewers say, it is truly right off on Nanjing Lu. This is nice considering that this is a tourist hub. The subway stop is also at the corner which makes for a quick route to the MagLev train (to Pudong airport).There is a c-store across the street which I believe is 24 hours which is handy for snacks and water. If you're looking for a nice Americanized breakfast and free wifi, walk up Nanjing Lu toward People Square and stop in at the Costa's. I don't know if Nanjing Hotel had internet because I only had my iPhone with me.The rooms are nice. Booked on ctrip.com for around $40 - $45 a night. They are clean and comfortable. No complaints, except that the shower head's spray was a bit strong (normally a good thing, but there was no other setting). Also, my tub clogged up a bit so I would stand in water while I showered. A minor thing for me, I didn't bother to complain. The beds are standard hardness but China standards. So if you are used to that or know what that means you won't be surprised. If you're not used to it, you'll probably need to adjust to the firmness, unless you're staying at higher priced hotels.Note that the windows do open and the air conditioning works nicely. The rooms on the front side of the building have a balcony which is a treat.The TV only has Chinese channels -- but we were not there to watch TV. Our unit also had a fridge with mini-bar items, but we kept our waters and stuff in there. We also had a safe in the room that was opened by our key card. The room also come with a hot water maker and complimentary tea.The staff is helpful and nice and speak good english. The breakfast spread at the restaurant was only okay. I did not go back as there are many options in the area.Safety: There is some kind of police station or bureau next door to Nanjing Hotel. And though the area didn't feel seedy (being right off Nanjing Lu), it never hurts to see that.One last thing about this hotel. When you walk into the room you get a nice clean smell. None of that musty old hotel funk. For me, that is the moment of truth when entering a new room. Nanjing passed the smell test on the 2 different rooms I stayed in. If my budget is same, I definitely would stay here again. Hope these details help!	
Jun 3 2009	Great location!	Stayed in this hotel as part of a GAP tour and loved the location. Literally a 30 second walk to Nanjing Road and even walking distance to the Bund and People's Square. Also, very close to the subway. Plenty of restaurants in the area (Western and Chinese) and lots of corner stores to buy things like water and snacks (there is also a fridge also in the room to use). The hotel seems pretty old but still fairly clean with friendly English speaking staff. Balcony was also a pleasant surprise and it was nice to lean over the balcony and take in all the sights, sounds and smells of the busy street below. I highly enjoyed my stay!!	
Mar 18 2009	One of the best locations ever	I LOVED this hotel! It was everything you needed with a 30 second walk to Nanjing Road. I don't think you could get a better location. It was a relatively short walk to the Bund and is walkable to the Yuyuen Gardens and Bazaar.It was roomy and comfortable and had been completely renovated, although I did change rooms mid-stay and inherited a bed which made concrete seem cosy, but otherwise it was great! The first bed was good, the second will remain burned in my memory forever.There are hawkers outside who try to entice you into bad restaurants there, but just ignore them and find a quality restaurant of 90 which can be as little as 30 metres past these people. Also watch out for mad motorbike riders as you step out the front door. They stop for NO ONE!The supermarket opposite is cheap as chips and is good for getting change for the train which is 1/2 block away.The English translations all over the hotel are hillarious particularly in the lifts - I'm not sure who wrote them but make sense they did not :)	
Mar 5 2009 	Excellent location great value very satisfied	This hotel is great, the rooms are very clean and comfortable with lots of space, a TV, internet access (with cable), fridge, closet, safe box, and desk. The location could'nt be better, 1 block away from the famous Nanjing Rd. Subway station is 1 block away, very near. There is also a wide selection of restaurants and shops in the area. Would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Dec 26 2008 	Decent Experience	The hotel is in a great location right off of Nanjing Road. It is convenient to get to most of the major sights in Shanghai. The subway stop is less than a minute walk from the hotel. The price of the hotel is also great for the location, but there are some things to mention:Our room 406 had a pretty bad stench that filled up the entire room from one of the restaurants across the street. We informed the staff but unfortunately they said all other rooms were booked. They were well aware of the stench and actually said room 406 was the worst room in the hotel as far as the smell. Upon checkout we mentioned this to the staff again and while they knew about the experience the manager wasn't in and wouldn't be in until the following day and there was nothing they could do about it.Other than the stench, the service was average and the hotel is not a bad one. There are some other hotels right in the area (actually right on Nanjing Road about 2 minutes west of the hotel on the north side that has much cheaper rates (about $5-$10 cheaper) that are available for a cheaper price and same location. All in all it wasn't a bad experience, because of the great price and great location.Not sure I would recommend the place, but if your looking not to spend much money and be central to everything and aren't too concerned about things like &quot;smell&quot;, etc then this may be a good find.	
Nov 4 2008	Great Location	I was looking for a hotel close to Nanjing Road and other amentities without having to pay a fortune. I found the Nanjing Hotel at 200 Shanxi Road. It is one of the Jin Jiang group. I read some reviews and the most often read statement was about &quot;hard beds.&quot; My 18 year old granddaughter thought it the most comfortable bed she had slept on and I agreed, having the best sleeps I have had for a long time. The room was large enough for comfort, very clean and was quiet and we could open the window rather to put up with the noise of an AC going all night. There was hot water at all times, both day and night. Breakfast was Chinese but eggs were available and plenty of toast and what goes with it. There were about four restaurants in the road opposite the hotel, plus a small super market and about one minute's walk took us to busy Nanjing Road with all its shops and restaurants. The staff were all friendly and the majority of them spoke English. All this for 3 nights for about $56 per night for a double! Not bad value!!	
Oct 24 2008	Location!!!	Location is perfect. Only few steps to Nanjing road and metrostation. The room was quite small and the bathroom smelly. There was a fridge, safety box, TV with 70 channels (only one english) and a balcony in the superior room. Average hotel with very reasonable price.	
Oct 13 2008	A small Oasis of Calm!	This was the 1st hotel we stopped in during a small group travel holiday. I was amazed by how many people they had working behind the small reception desk, but I wouldn't say that any of them, whilst not rude, were particularly friendly and welcoming! The rooms were clean, the linen fresh, the bathroom ok, all the important things that don't turn your trip into memorable for all the wrong reasons! The location was great, walking distance to lots of great places with restaurants galore on the doorstep. The hotel must have been peaceful because stepping outside the hotel felt like a constant game of 'chicken'! (Beware the cars, bikes and motorbikes careering up and down the road!)	
Sep 24 2008 	Location location location.	I stayed at the Nanjing Hotel twice on my short-stay in China, mostly because of the great location. Subway's just around the corner as well as famous East Nanjing Rd. There's a small Supermarket across the street and a couple of restaurants, as well as fruit and vegetable stands down the road (South Shanxi Rd.)Besides that, rooms aren't too spacious, but okay for a city trip. Both bathrooms I had, were way too small and kind of smelly. But the reception staff were very helpful and friendly. So, service and location are great, the rooms are good for sleeping, but nothing more.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great hotel for location and price	The Nanjing was the 1st hotel on my trip across Asia, from Shanghai to Bombay. This turned out to be the best hotel on mytrip. Great location, around the corner from the subway station, ona main pedestrian-only street, (Nanjing Donglu). They had a fastInternet connection for a good price. The bathroom must havebeen a recent remod, and was newer and cleaner than many I'veseen in the U.S. I did try the hotel restaurant once, and it was mediocre. There are fine places to eat next door and across thestreet. I tend to buy water from local vendors, then store it in the mini-fridge.	
Aug 8 2008 	Great option in the heart of Shanghai	An aged hotel, probably a luxurious one for business men several years ago. Today, a great hotel for budget tourism.You could see the TV tower and the new SWFC tower from the room window, and other skyscrapers. The room and service are all right. The breakfast is also OK, but bear in mind it's chinese breakfast !It's located close to Nanjing Road, the main commercial street in Shanghai. Besides, you could reach the Nanjing East Road metro station in about 3 minutes !! If you just see a picture of the hotel building and the street at which it's located, you won't be able to imagine all that, becasuse they are old and a little dirty, but the location is great !	
Jul 18 2008	Good budget hotel in great location	An ok little budget hotel in a great location. Situated just off the main shopping street, 10 mins from The Bund one way and 10mins from the People's Park the other.Rooms were basic and clean if not a little small.Staff were helpful and spoke EnglishSubway station just round the corner.	
Jul 18 2008 	For those who like a city atmosphere	Our room was on level 4 but we could hear the noise from the streets quite loudly. The beds were quite firm.The hotel is a few steps away from the Nanjing Road Shopping Mall (part of the road where no cars are allowed), a walking distance to the Bund (which is very crowded at night but surrounded by beautiful lights from the buildings), the Yan'an Rd East tunnel, the pier, and the Silk King (where we got our silk dresses made). It is a short taxi ride to Old Shanghai (which I prefer to be). The service is average and the front desk people understand/ speak little English (it was difficult to find out any information about nearby tourist places).	
Jul 5 2008 	More than expected!	I stayed 11 nights in this hotel. To be honest my room was delux room, it was quite big, with good bathroom, fridge, safebox and a good air conditioner.The location is fantastic, very close to pedestrian area in east nanjing road and very close to metro station line 2. Just 10 to 15 minutes walk to the Bund area and even less to people's square.The stuff speaks english, but the breakfast is raelly not worth it.I recommend not to eat there, you will find lots of restaurants around.Inside the hotel is much better than how it looks from outside.I think the price is not very cheap not very expensive! If you look for a budget hotel with some standards, here is the place to be.However, there are quite a few hotels in this area with the same condition.In my opinion west nanjing road may be a better place for those who look for foreign bars and clubs and more fancy stores.Have a pleasant stay!Shahab	
Apr 5 2008	Good budget hotel	We stayed in the Nanjing Hotel last month. It is a good, basic budget hotel, just a few steps from Nanjing Lu. I picked this hotel because it was within walking distance to things we wanted to see, but then we never did any walking. Took taxis everywhere. Due to congestion in front of the hotel, taxi drivers may drop you off the block before. Some taxi drivers had difficulty finding the place, so be sure to take a map of its location with you.Hotel was very clean, and the front desk staff spoke very good English. Breakfast is 30 yuan (approx $5.10US), and changes many items daily. Compared to what we pay in the US for breakfast, it was very good value, but you need to like to eat vegetables for breakfast. Several times we ate food from nearby street vendors, and had breakfasts for 3rmb. We hated Shanghai (much prefer Beijing), but if we ever go back, we would stay there again.	
Jan 7 2008 	Good location	The best thing is the location. Otherwise it is a very basic hotel with furniture from the 80´s. Some staff members speak English, but not all. A bit noisy, remember your earplugs.	
Nov 3 2007 	Good location and price	Stayed here for 3 nights because we needed a cheap place - we were saving for a more expensive hotel for the end of our holiday. But we were surprised how large the room actually was for the price, and its great location right in the middle of the Nanjing Road. It was a superior twin room, but only cost a few pounds more than the standard one. The room had two single beds, two chairs, small and large table, good lighting, TV (only Chinese stations), and tea making facilities. The safe didn't work though. We had the room at the end of the floor (no.435) , with a balcony looking down on the cross roads below. It was noisy outside until about 1am, but then silent. Except one night when the builders doing up the shop opposite decided to do a bit of hammering at 3am. The room was clean and comfortable, and the bathroom was ok. The shower worked well and the towels were small but sufficient. For the price of the room it was a good hotel and we would definitely go back there.	
Mar 27 2007	Nanjing Hotel good for me.	The Nanjing Hotel is an average hotel. The best thing going for it is that it is located less than a city block from the Nanjing Road and a short distance from the Metro. There are several restaurants located in the area and a convenience store located across the street. The rooms are clean and some of the bathrooms have been remodeled. The west side of the hotel has balcony access for the rooms, but it is also the noisiest side of the hotel with all of the traffic on that side. The staff is helpful and can speak English. In all, I would recommend the hotel for any traveler that is on a budget that needs a quiet and clean place to sleep at.	
Aug 11 2006 	Okay hotel in good location	We stayed at the Nanjing Hotel from July 21 to 23 as part of a small tour group.This hotel is a very basic one. No hair dryer, no alarm clock, and no safe. But the room was a good size, and was very clean.The location is the best point about this hotel as it is just a few steps away from the central portion of the pedestrian-only zone of Nanjing Road, the major tourist shopping road. It's also near a metro station, which made it easy to get to the Maglev station to go to the Pudong Airport. One note to make is that the glass is single-paned, so it's quite easy to hear the noise outside. I would recommend bringing some ear plugs for a more peaceful sleep.Overall, I would recommend this hotel for budget-conscious travellers who want a good, clean place to stay.	
Jun 8 2006	Nanjing Hotel can't be beaten for location or value	After originally booking just 2 nights at the Nanjing Hotel, we immediately booked another 4 nights as soon as we saw the room as we could see it had everything we wanted for our week in Shanghai and for just 350RMB a night (internet booking), it suited our budgetOur room was a B class (better than A class) with a large bed and the softest matress we have ever had in our 18 months living and working in China. The room was on a corner and very quiet, was very clean, no stains on the carpet, the shower and bathroom was perfect and there was a bar fridge as well as tea making facilities with green tea bags.The Aircon was good and didn't cause a draft but the best thing was the room had windows you can open and good lighting thanks to a down light over the bed, a standard lamp and a desk lamp as well as other ceiling lights. Three occasional chairs, a coffe table, good size wardrobe and bedside tables with drawers made the room seem more like a suite. The TV was modern and large with about 30 channels (although only CCTV9 is in English).We asked for and got a hair dryer, and one night after having left our window open, we had a mosquito but a call to reception got us a mossie zapper.The staff spoke very good English, but the travel agency desk, like most in China, couldn't do much for us.We didn't bother eating in the restuarant (we have never eaten in hotels as its always more fun and cheaper to eat outside) and the little lane outside had about a dozen places to choose from and we had breakfast each day one block down the lane where all the locals would eat on their way to work. As well there are several little convenience stores to grab some beer and chips as well as some good fruit shops all within that same part of the lane.We found lots of local eateries in the small streets that run off Nanjing Lu. Those resturants on Nanjing Lu were very expensive but where the locals eat off the mall are very good value.The location had to be the best part. Just thirty paces off Nanjing Lu which is the main pedestrian shopping mall, with a Metro stop on the corner, a 5 minute walk to the Bund and about the same to Peoples Square in the other direction.We noticed that Intrepid Tours puts its tour groups up at the Nanjing Hotel and its easy to see why.	
Mar 28 2006	Very central.	A nice hotel in the heart of Shanghai. Close to subway and close to the Bund. Nice and clean rooms with a good city view. Reasonable priced.	
Jan 26 2006	Great location	Clean, comfortable, large rooms with english speaking staff just off Nanjing Road, 5 mins to Bund. Underground train just around the corner. Excellent local restaurants opposite the hotel. Didn't eat in the hotel but was told it was v. ordinary. Turn right out of hotel and head 1 block to find small supermarket, 1 more block and you'll find good, cheap laundry. Also great breakfast snacks in this area. No hairdryer in the room but one available in reception if you can get it. Recommend taking your own.	
Oct 24 2005	Great location	This is a nice hotel in a great location, just next to Nanjing Rd and only 10minutes walk to The Bund. Although not 5 star it is very clean with friendlyEnglish speaking staff. I would recommend this for anyone and it is a good price also.	
Nov 9 2009	??????…		
Jul 10 2009 	Convenient location. Just average		
Jun 19 2009 	un timo!..... un 0 sobre 10000		
May 20 2008 	moyen pas de clim		
