	Nice location nice hotel	I stayed here for 2 nights. I have other 2 Renaissances in Shanghai (Yangtze &amp; Pudong) in recent past and must say this is the best of the three. The location is perfect for yuyuan Garden, bund (closed for reconstruction), Taxi base-rate ShinTenDi distance. The entrance is a small hall, where the elevator takes you to the 4th floor Lobby. This lobby is very huge and spacious; also connected is the restaurant area for breakfast- and diner-buffet. The rooms are spacious too with usual soft beds with lots of pillows; I love this style. The bathroom comes with separated shower-cabine and bathtub. The breakfast buffet assortiment is clearly more then average used to in similar hotels. One little point of critics.... I missed the shaving-kit on the room, which I assume come standard since it was in the Yangtze and in Renaissance Suzhou. Would go here next time again.	
	Clean and Modern Hotel	If you're anal about cleanliness, this is just the hotel for you.The bathroom is just about as clean as it gets, which suits me just fine. The toiletries are great, all that's lacking are bath salts to complement the perfectly-sized tub that you can wallow in while watching tv AND enjoying the view of the Yu Yuan area from its 45degree angled windows.The bed and the different-sized pillows is so comfortable, you'd be tempted to chuck your itinerary out of the window and just stay in. It provides daily English newspapers too.The rooms are a bit pricey, so our stay would have been enhanced by free wifi.The spa and the pool are beautiful.The location is nearer the old city. perfect for Yuyuan and french concession, Bund and Nanjing Road. About 50RMB cab fare from Hongqiao Airport and 50RMB from Maglev Station in Pudong at rush hour traffic. Not much restaurants around it though, but that may change when the construction of the subway exit adjacent to it is done in 2010.What else can I say? I'd go back to this hotel the next time I'm in Shanghai.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great place	We were a little concerned about going to this hotel with the previous comments about construction work. We must learn to go to these places when the big event (expo 2010 on this occasion) and the construction work is finished. Having said that, yes there is alot of work going on around this hotel and other parts of Shanghai, but with hindsight we wouldn't have changed a thing.Located about 5-10 mins walking from Yu Yuan Bazaar &amp; Gardens, this is the old town, it is nicely located. Also about 20 mins walking to the Bund which you cannot get to because of the construction work. To see the river and the sights around the river, go to the Pudong side of the Bund. It is about 20 mins walk to People's Square, albeit, alongside the busy roads and construction site.Don't trust Taxi's, it's not that the drivers are dishonest, but they just don't seem to know where they are going. Two experiences, both of which the drivers knew where we wanted to go, helped by hotel staff, but they just couldn't find the locations, one of which was the Maglev Station &amp; the other the River Cruise terminal, hardly low key locations. And when you have a language barrier, you feel so helpless.The Maglev takes you into the outskirts of Shanghai, but it really is in no-mans land and once again in the middle of major highway works. Don't use Taxi's, I would strongly suggest using the Hotel Airport Limo service or another private hire company.The Hotel is smart, elegant, 21 floors with great Staff. We had an executive room which was a good size, modern furnishing and very comfy bed. Turn down service in the evening and probably the best executive lounge we have experienced with good breakfast good selection of 'nibbles' in the evening with lots of wine and good views. Good sized gym and 'ifinity' pool &amp; spa on the 22nd floor. If you are in an executive room you can get hotel airport limo for 25% off, worth the value.  	
Oct 12 2009 	Nice hotel next to Yuyuan hopefully the construction ends soon	This hotel is very nice and modern. Right next to Yuyuan. There was some construction going on next door, which made it a bit difficult to navigate by taxi. I assume the construction will be finished soon making this a great hotel.I complained loudly to the hotel staff about the &quot;fish-smelling hot water.&quot; They upgraded my room, but the fish smell did not go away. After exploring the city for a few days, I found that the fish smell was common to water throughout the city, even in nice restaurants, so I can not blame Marriott.	
Oct 8 2009 	This was a fabulous hotel.	We stayed at Renaissance Shanghai hotel for three nights on a China Spree Tour. This hotel is wonderful, new, trendy, rooms big enough. Rooms are nicely decorated well with a chaise, a glass topped desk. There is a large Jacuzzi, and an awesome glass infinity pool on the 22nd floor, which our boys loved at night. The view was the most awe inspiring sight at night with the city all lit up. Our breakfast is at this hotel was very delicious. Shopping in Shanghai is just 1/2 block away. We met one of the nicest local woman while shopping. She spent her entire day with us taking us to the best shops and negotiating prices for us. She refused to let me try street food and took us to a great place for dinner. What else could we ask for?The hotel is in a great location despite all the construction going on around the area but this just means it will be a whole lot nice the next time. We weren't afraid to venture out for a late evening walk.	
Oct 8 2009 	Exceptional Hotel Location 	Everything about this hotel sparkled--the cleanliness, the smiles, the restaurants, the executive lounge--I can't say how much we enjoyed this hotel. The location over looking the YuYuan Bazaar was a bonus as well as the beautiful view from the roof top infinity pool. At night, the Bund sparkled outside the roof top observation deck and the executive lounge. The food in both the restaurant and the lounge was terrific for the meals we ate there (mostly breakfasts and late dinner). Originally, we stayed at the hotel as part of a China Spree package (a wonderful bonus for a package tour) but after experiencing it for two nights, we stayed 3 nights longer for about $100 per night including full breakfast-- for what I consider to be a 5 star hotel! Great value.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great hotel and nice location for us...	Our stay was during Sept 2009 and the first stop in our Asia trip and we had good experiences here. The hotel itself is very nice - the concierge / info on the main floor was very helpful, check-in was easy. Our rate did not include breakfast and we didn't opt for the upgrade. We ordered eggs off the menu for two mornings and found it to be good. The beds are hard as is everywhere in China but the showers nice and the towels plush. The rooms seem to be newly renovated and were really really good. We took a taxi to this hotel and paid 200 yuan - the hotel staff said it shouldn't be more than 160 yuan but there was a lot of traffic when we arrived. They negotiated 160 yuan for us on the way back to the airport.The location - we found this to be a great location as we liked to be able to visit the Market. When you turn right after exiting the hotel after getting on the main street, the market is less than 5 minutes away. By taxi we went to Nanjing Rd and the French Concession which cost less than $3 USD each way. I think its 11 yuan for the first 3 km and then a combination of time and km after that.Construction - yes there is a lot of it all over Shanghai and they start early - I could hear it from our hotel room (7th floor) at 4:30am and it went until almost 8pm. My spouse couldn't hear it at all for some reason so maybe I'm just a light sleeper and still getting over jet lag. Overall, would recommend this hotel and would stay here again. Also, taxi's coming to this hotel from one direction couldn't turn left as there are barricades up so that added some extra time and $$ to the total.Free photocopying at the business centre (2 pgs per day) in case you need anything copied. Internet available but too expensive for us. Ate at the restaurant one night - food was just ok.	
Sep 19 2009 	Nice room - bad location	The rooms was nice and modern. I specially liked the &quot;rain&quot;shower even tho the water had a strange smell. The location are as bad as earlier reviewer has said. Next time I will stay on a walking distance from Nanjing road. Breakfast was good reminded more of a boutique hotel then a big business hotel.	
Sep 16 2009 	Nearly flawless	First, lobby was beautiful, the front desk was always welcoming and eager to help and spoke English well, as did the staff in the Executive level lounge. The room was fun, funky, very functional, comfortable and uber modern! The rooftop indoor infinity pool was beautiful, and the fitness room new, modern, well equipped, and far better than most hotels in this category and price range. Also on the roof level was a beautiful, well staffed full spa, priced way above the local spas around central Shanghai, but well below comparable services in the U.S. I had a better than &quot;OK&quot; massage and spa experience, which is better than I heard from many other travelers I met throughout the city during the course of my ten day stay. In addition I should add that as a Platinum Elite member I had free access to the Executive Club lounge that was open from early to late, had spectacular views of both the old town as well as the magnificent Pudong Skyline, provided complimentary drinks, coffee, and a variety of teas most of the day, and served a delicious light breakfast buffet and evening Hors D'Oeuvres followed by a later pastry bar. Ah life was good! Wireless Internet access in the lounge was free for invited lounge guests, but was rather pricey for access in the guest rooms. Free guest room Internet access is very important to me, so this would be only major criticism of the hotel for convenience and value. I did NOT try any of the restaurants, so cannot comment. The location is great for exploring by foot and shopping in Nanshi (the Old Town - and with all the rebuilding going on, there will not be much authentic old town left soon), as well as the beautiful YuYuan Gardens, the hotel's namesake. Now for the less the less than flawless review. Access to the rest of the major tourist and business destinations requires a very inexpensive cab ride, but since the hotel entrance is off the street, few passing cabs bother to pull in front of the hotel entrance unless discharging passengers, and a short wait should almost always expected. (I was told up to 20 minutes, but actually never waited more than 10 minutes). The bus stop is about a 5-10 minute walk through a construction zone where for 2RNY (about $0.30) you can hitch a ride all the way to People's Square. I am a walker, and at a good pace it takes a good 25 minutes to navigate through the construction to the eastern entrance to the Nanjing Pedestrian Mall or the Bund (which is currently not worth exploring until at least mid 2010 as it is a nighmarish dust-filled &quot;walk at your own peril&quot; construction site). When the new metro line and nearby metro stop is completed, and given the property's proximity to the massive 2010 World Expo site, I expect this hotel's occupancy and popularity to soar. But for now, even with the inconveniences, I would happily stay at the Renaissance Shanghai Yuyuan Hotel again.	
Sep 4 2009 	I was happy enough here.	It was a clean hotel. The location is a bit bad at the moment but they are building a metro right outside it now so that should be a huge help to the hotel in 2010. The room was excellent. Value for money, yeah, i was happy enough. The service. well, i found it ok at the time of staying there but when i went to Shanghai airport and found that the customs officers were friendlier than the hotel staff i began to wonder. In fairness the staff on the bottom floor ( when you walk into the hotel) were fantastic, but once you went up ( the reception was up on the next floor) the staff were less friendly. My review might seem a bit bad but i should point out that i was in The Marriott City Wall Beijing a few days before that ( my review is in here) and this place was a few notches down on the Marriott. So maybe i was getting to grand in myself. But i would still recommend this place.	
Aug 20 2009 	Cheater	I reserved a room on their website. However, when I went, they told me that the rate does not include breakfast and they tried to sell me an upgrade to include breakfast. My advice to travelers is to use Hotels.com or other website instead of the website of the hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great hotel but didnt like the food	I liked the most: fitness center, swimming pool, sauna, all are on the top floor with a view of Shanghai...amazing; good location- very close to Yu Garden and shopping district; spacious trendy rooms I dissliked: food	
Jul 17 2009 	too much marketing	The hotel offers basically what you expect from such a place. Little bad that there are too many merchandisers offering restaurants in the lobby. Wireless is only available together with an overall upgrade. The upgrade as such is not worth is, since the according lounge you get access to is basically a boaring and not particulary convenient place.	
Jul 13 2009 	Wonderful hotel disappointing food	My husband and I booked our Shanghai package at a very good price through our local airline. Their prices were unusually reasonable for a 5-star rated hotel. The hotel is located very near the Yu Gardens where you can buy Chinese trinkets, souveniers, etc. Checking-in the hotel was quick and easy. Concierge staff were very professional, warm, and spoke fluent English. The woman that checked us in, personally accompanied us to the elevator all the way up to our floor. Our luggage arrived at the same time we did and the bell hop accompanied us to our room. While he was very nice and pleasant, he simply unloaded our luggages and asked if everything was alright. When we said yes, he simply bid us a good night, turned around and left. We were a little surprised he did not orient us with the workings of the switches of the room (a/c, lights) and use of water in the bathrooms....but that's alright, probably thought we were intelligent engough to figure things out.We requested for a room with a view on a high floor. We were given the 15th floor with a sideview of the Yu Garden and Henan Road. Despite this, one couldn't just ignore the HUGE eyesore of a construction of what is to be a mall. Other than that, we loved our room. The room looked exactly as the photo in the hotel's website. We loved the huge, firm bed with multiple down feather pillows and silk filled covers. We loved the glass walled bathroom. I really liked the automatic blinds which is controlled nside the bathroom near the tub. It's a good idea for one to be able to watch tv while relaxing in a hot tub and not just hear the tv.One of the best things that we look forward to when my hubby and I vacation is the buffet breakfast. Breakfast at the Yu Garden Cafe had a good spread but didn't have any variety. I was quite surprised that in our 5night/6day stay, our breakfast was EXACTLY THE SAME ALWAYS--from the juices, fruits, cold station, breads, egg station, hot staton--pancakes/waffle, oatmeal, dimsum, japanese, noodle, and congee stations. I couldn't understand how they only served breakfast potatoes as roasted baby potatoes every morning. What happened to hash browns, lyonnaise, roesti, tortas, etc? Everyday we had bacon &amp; chicken sausage only in the hot station. Flavor-wise, I've had better tasting breakfast in 4-star hotels. I felt the breakfast buffet variety was very limited for a 5-star rated hotel. We did like the baked breads---delicious cinnamon rolls, croissants, apple strudel, etc. Service during breakfast was hit &amp; miss. One of the odd things I noticed was that after you sign up for breakfast before entering the restaurant, you are not escorted to a table. Instead, you would choose your own table. If the dining room happened to be empty, it would be easy to spot a table. However if the dining room was full, my husband and I stood in the middle of the room looking around us and not 1 service staff approached to assist us. Finally, we called the attention of the receptionist to tell her there were no tables available. She was quite surprised by this news, so she walked ahead of me and went straight to one of the 2 tables joined together to form a 4-5 top (already occupied with 2 steaming cups of coffee) and separated them and then pointing to us, this was to be our table. Sometimes, we would encounter a very efficient waitress who would offer us coffee/tea; other times, we would only be served if we asked for it. Most of the time, they were very efficient in removing dirty plates, flatware, and empty glasses. Although, some had a habit of removing plates without asking first. I had just finished my bread and when I had put aside my flatware, one waitress just bussed my plate with the flatware without asking. I had just barely been in the restaurant for 7 minutes at the time. I had to ask for a new replacement setting. Service staff would probably need some form of refresher training course.On our 4th night at the hotel, we chose to eat in the Yu Garden Cafe after a long day of shopping. I thought this would be a great chance to actually review the food based on a la carte dining. My husband and I both ordered the Hainanese Chicken Rice at a reasonable RMB78+. We were given a delicious wood-fired flat bread from the oven served with a lovely duo of butter and pickled black beans. The pickled black beans were yummy. When the Hainanese Chicken came it was to be a HUGE disappointment. The chicken was dry, the soup was tasteless (no hint of salt or ginger) with 2 4-inch pcs of chives (unchopped) and chiffonade of cabbage. For some reason they caramelized the onions in the rice; so it came in a bowl with brown-colored rice. While sweet, caramelized onions are delicious in other dishes, it did not go well with the Hainanese chicken rice as it overpowered the flavor of the chicken. It spoiled the subtle flavor of the dish. In the end, the rice tasted closer to a Vietnamese dish.But one great surprise that the Renaissance did was sending me a beautiful &amp; delicious raspberry-chocolate mousse birthday cake to my hotel room. Now that gesture just shows you why the Renaissance Shanghai Yuyuan is rated 5-star. Excellent customer service will always be the deciding factor whether one would be a loyal, returning customer or not. We surely would.	
Jun 17 2009 	Excellent hotel	We had booked this hotel for only one night because their staff spoke great English and could assist us with buying train tickets. However, from the moment we arrived, we loved it so much that we cancelled our reservations at a less expensive hotel for 2 nights and booked Renaissance instead. The hotel is nothing but luxurious with a smell fresh flowers everywhere. Rooms are very modern, elegant and comfortable. The first room we had was on the 16th floor with one wall being glass from floor to ceiling. We had a marvelous view of Pudong skyscrapers and streets. The shower is one of the best features of this hotel and this becomes very important if you do any walking in the city as it is very dusty. The shower head is very large and makes you feel like you're standing in the rain. The bed is somewhat firm like all chinese beds, but quite comfortable. The hotel is expensive when booked through Marriott or other online travel sources. However, we got a travel agency in Beijing to book it for us and we got it for around $110 per night, not including breakfast. Location is also good if you want to stay in Shanghai rather than Pudong. It's about a 30 minute walk from the bund, but the Bund is very overrated and almost not even worth seeing at this time. There is tons of construction going on and walls are up everywhere, making it impossible to look across the river to Pudong. There is dust everywhere and no sidewalks because of the construction, making walking in the roads with cars quite uncomfortable. So it is really not worth staying closer to the bund until all the construction is complete. Renaissance is just a 5-minute walk from the Yuyuan garden and other touristy areas as well as shopping. The only down side to the location is that to get anywhere, you have to walk by bunch of local shops and vendors who usually do an excellent job at harassing tourists to buy their stuff. The key is not to make any eye contact and keep walking. Another great feature of the hotel is the pool. It's on the 21st floor and the entire wall of the room is made of glass. You can sit in the hot tub at night next to the pool and see the lit up city in front of you. However, the water in the pool is not heated. There are several restaurants at the hotel but most of them are very expensive. There is also an attached bakery which has decent prices. If I ever go back to Shanghai, this hotel is definately where I will stay.	
Jun 14 2009	Swim in the sky	Stayed in the hotel for three nights on a China Spree Tour. There is construction right out the door of the hotel and for that matter everywhere in Shanghai. They have torn down the wonderful walking promenade of the Bund. There is no Bund to get ready for the World Expo in 2010. This hotel is lovely. Rooms are decorated well with a chaise, blinds into the bathroom which operate on an electric switch, no free internet, but a lovely glass topped workstation. There is a glass infinity pool on the 22nd floor. You feel like you are swimming in the sky when you swim to the end which is over the city. There is also a large jacuzzi. You can see the whole city from this pool area, loungers to sit or lie down. Breakfast is delicious. I asked at the front desk what a room would cost if I walked in the door. Price was $225 + 15 % tax and no breakfast. The very best shopping in Shanghai is just 1/2 block away and also a place where Chinese people go to temples, eat, etc. The shopping area is about 10 blocks long and wide with tea houses on a small lagoon. You are also about a 5 minute cab ride to the waterfront so you can take a 45 minute cruise on the waterway to see the night lights. The location of this hotel is great and by next year it will cost much more. This is truly a 5 star hotel (art is by the glass artist Chiluly (sp)).	
Jun 9 2009 	Budget 5-Star Hotel in 2009 only!~	Due to the promotional price (just HKD500/rm/n), we decided to staying at Renaissance Yuyuan Shanghai for two nights during the late May.We booked it months ago and see every comments here are good and I have visit here again a few days prior to my trip. I finally know why the 5-Star hotel can offer the room rate as cheap as the 3-Star hotel. As the Expo 2010 will be hold in Shanghai next year, there are constructions all around the city. Even the hotel area.... (The New Subway Line to be set up soon and the Yuyuan Station is just next to the hotel) you can find dust and stone covered on your shoes all the time. And it is easy to visit the Yu Garden in walking distance and no need to walk across the road but for 15min walk or above, I will highly recommend to take the Taxi!~Thankfully, we just staying there for 2 nights and honestly, it is a quite good hotel. The ground floor is the Concerige desk and the bakery. Hotel lobby is located in the 4th floor, the staffs there are helpful and they will provide what you need if you request. My room is big but the decoration is not really good, maybe it is located just right to the elevator. The bathroom with separate bathtub and rainforest shower which every 5-star hotel have.	
May 29 2009 	Welcome to a hotel that does it right	My associate and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights while on business in Shanghai. The hotel is new and is maintained in spotless condition. Hotel staff is not just attentive, but anxious to assist and to provide service. We stayed in a club level room and I would recommend that option. The club lounge is open 18 hours a days, providing a comfortable area for work and relaxation both. Breakfast is served daily in this room and is preparted nicely, with many choices. Coffee, tea, desserts and all beverages are available and a happy hour offers beer, wine and cocktails. The rooms were spacious, well appointed and perfectly clean. Beds were comfortable, linens nice and plenty of pillows. English is spoken by almost all employees in customer service jobs. The restaurants in the hotel are good and leaving the hotel to eat is not necessary. There is construction in the area, but we did not find noise to be an issue at all. The only problem we encountered was planning the direction to return to the hotel, because turning into the hotel from one direction was permitted and the not was not due to the construction. This resulted in a 6-8 block detour which in Shanghai traffic is no small issue.This was a great stay in a fine hotel and I would recommend consideration for this hotel unless your business was confined to the financial area in which case there could be a comparabel hotel in a location more specifically accesptabe for you. In my case the location was not an issue and what I wanted and got was a clean comfortable hotel where I could spend five days without feeling trapped. The service and amenities provided that for me	
May 26 2009 	Mixed Feelings About This Hotel...	...this is a slightly belated review of my experience with the Shanghai YuYuan Renaissance. I am agreeing with many reviewers' opinions, and the only fair way to assess this hotel is to separate its location from the establishment.Let's talk first about the hotel itself: beautiful new building, spacious lobby, plushy bed, tasty breakfast buffet (which was included with my stay), fantastic bath products and shower. I was lucky enough to get a corner room with a view of the PuXi skyscrapers. The YuYuan Renaissance seems to attract more business travelers, since I barely saw couples or families during my stay (but instead lots of men in suits). And now for the rub: the location sucks. There's no way around this one. If you prefer to be surrounded by hip boutiques, local cafes, and cool nightlife...this is definitely not the hotel you should be booking. Yu Yuan is considered &quot;Old Town&quot; Shanghai and is basically a tourist trap. If you like to visit cheesy Chinese tchachki stores and sample local snacks shops, there are literally hundreds of them around the Renaissance. Oh, and all the gripe about the subway construction in front of the hotel is true -- let's just say that my cab driver couldn't even drop me off the hotel front door one day due to construction. He had to pull over a block away, and I trekked through the flooded street back to the hotel front door. Ugh. So if you find a great room deal through a travel Web site and don't mind the various inconveniences every reviewer has mentioned...go for it. Otherwise, try to avoid this hotel until the construction is finally finished.	
May 20 2009 	Average experience	After reading so many good reviews here, i decided to go ahead and book this hotel without consulting any of my friends who are based in shanghai. it was a mistake. My friends later told me that anyone who are familiar with shanghai will not book a hotel in this area. Construction work was everywhere near the hotel. It was dusty and very dirty! Traffic was a big problem because it was relatively hard to get a cab and even when we got one, the roads around the hotel were always jammed. This put us off so much.. we hardly go out. It was even more unadvisible to go on foot because it just made me feel like i had to walk through a sand storm and crazy traffic. The taxi even refused to send us back to the hotel lobby a few times because they did not want to make a u turn and get jammed up in the traffic. We were dropped at the opposite side of the road and have to jay walk through the chaos.Besides the condition around the hotel, the location of the hotel was exactly like what the name says-Its less than 5 mins away from Yu Yuan. Great if you're on a sightseeing trip. We managed to escape the long queue for the famous Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao because we got there at its opening time since we lived so near. It was near the Bund and other famous sightseeing attractions. The rooms were nicely decorated with the see through bathroom. It seems to be one of the very popular bathroom designs among new hotels. Rooms were abit small for shanghai hotels. This is based on the comparison of other hotels i've stayed in shanghai. There's free WIFI in the lobby but no one inform me. i found out by accident. I was only informed about the paying wifi in the business centre and in the room. Hm.Hotel staffs were mostly very friendly and courteous! The staffs in the restaurant where we had breakfast every morning could remember exactly our favourite table, choice of beverages..etc. It's nice to know that the staffs actually remember such teeny details! Conciere was very helpful. Gave us clear directions and accurate estimations to the places we wanted to go. However there was this guy on evening shift at the reception who was quite hostile. He behaved like he was just going through a procedure that he was obligated rather than providing us a proper service.Spa was nice but expensive. The spa has top to bottom glass window. It has a nice view of the big city. However, one can easily find nice and cheap massage all around shanghai. I went to one which has very nice ambience, free flow of food and drinks, dvd player in the room and was only a fraction of the price in the hotel!On the overall, it was a nice hotel with nice people but i dont think i will come back again. Not unless they are done with the construction or they have special promotions. Full price-no thanks.	
May 20 2009 	Service and Luxury	I have stayed several times at this hotel in Shanghai. It is relatively new (less than 2 years old) and is a pleasure to visit. The staff is exceptional and work very hard to make you feel welcome and taken care of. The rooms are large and luxurious with great workstations including ports to attach your computer to the HD TV via both video and audio. The beds are awesome.If you are Platinum at Marriott the lounge is exceptional. Large, comfortable and great service. I have stayed there 4 or 5 times and they remember me each time and even try to give me the same room. A nice touch. Upstairs in the lounge there is even a great TV room to watch DVDs.This is also in a good location since you can easily walk to YuYuan Garden, a tourist place with good restaurants and shopping.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great location and service	Appreciated extra help given in confirming our next hotel in China and our phone messages were also given in written format. Concierge wrote all of our destinations in Chinese for the taxi drivers. This was a real plus in China where so few speak English. Room was delightfully modern and clean. We ate at the breakfast buffet which was a little spendy but delicious and included tax and service.	
Mar 22 2009 	Top class hotel with unfortunate building work	I stayed here on a RTW trip for three nights in July 08 spending my Marriot Points.Becuase of my Marriot status we got the 5 star treatment, upgraded etc. The room on the club florr was wonderful, everything you could want. Being on that floor got me access to the club lounge which had free internet, and then free nibbles between 5 and 7 and then free deserts between 7 and 9 (I think) During these 4 hours they also offer free drinks- limited selection but more than enough, we ensconsed ourselves here one evening, did some planning reading etc and demolised two bottles of very welcome white wine (Californian).The pool is amazing - glass sided and looking out over the city.The service we experianced was first class and they booked us tickets to the acobats and also looked after our luggage while we were away for the day in Hangzhou.Breakfast was amazing, all sorts of options.The only downside is the rather chaotic roadworks and construction next door, which means that taxi access is a little tricky and some rooms will have a dud view.I cannot fault the hotel really but then I did get a upgrade etc.	
Jan 10 2009	Good bed excellent breakfast area (and view if wrong room) a building site	We stayed in the hotel during a one night stopover in Shanghai. To be fair, this was by far the best value deal I could find on the various hotel web-sites. However when we arrived we understood why! We had walked from the metro station (it looked close on the map, but it wasn't), and arrived quite wet. The porters barely took an interest in us and directed us to reception on the 4th floor, without offering to look after our luggage.I had booked a 'cityview' room. The we were given had a view over... the huge (I mean huge) building site next door, cranes, and general chaos. We went back to reception and asked to change. We were told that these were the rooms that were given with that rate. I insisted for a room change and we were given a very nice (but smaller) room with an excellent view over the Yuyan 'model' historic buildings and the Pudong skyscrapers. The bathroom only had a shower, so I think it was in fact a downgrade, but the location was much better that the first room we were offered.The bathroom floor was marble and very, very cold.The bed was very much Marriott standard. Excellent, firm and cosy, with down pillows.Breakfast was surprise. It was truly excellent, with great choice and good quality stuff.	
Nov 25 2008 	Incredible hotel	This was a great hotel with a fantastic location for shopping at the Yu Gardens, but not so great for business. There was construction all around and it was difficult for taxis/cars to navigate. Also, there are no subways anywhere nearby. BUT, if you came to shop and sightsee and relax, the pool is wonderful, exercise equipment is awesome,, and the rooms were quite high tech. I could plug my laptop into an adapter at the desk and watch movies on the flat screen panel TV. Pretty cool. The breakfast was fantastic, too. Nothing left to be desired. You go out the front door, walk 100 yards down a neat alley with local color, and you're at the Yu Gardens complex. Remember to shop around the periphery of the area for the best deals!	
Nov 19 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed in the Renaissance (a Marriott property) for 4 nights in early November. The hotel is only 16 months old and in great shape.The only downside is they are doing construction in front of the hotel so it is a mess. I would not let that stop you from staying at this beautiful hotel.Check in was easy. We asked to upgrade and they upgraded us the the club floor (but not club floor benefits). The price we paid was about 175.00 per night including 2 breakfasts ( think the breakfast was 27.00 per person) which was well worth it. Full American and full Chinese fare. The staff spoke very good English and the doormen made sure we knew where we were going and the taxi driver understood the price because the doorman told us how much the ride should be. Very few rides were more then 3 - 5 dollarsWe had a corner room on the 18th floor. The view to Pudong showed al the new construction and we forgot the street mess once we were in the room.We had a very nice stay and would stay again. When we left it was raining and the doorman gave us a new hotel umbrella to stay dry.	
Nov 8 2008 	Good but not great	I needed to return to Shanghai for my return flight to the USA. I stayed at the Renaissance for one day so admitedly I did not sample all this hotel has to offer but I did get a chance to walk the area i.e. the Bund and nearby Yuyuan Garden flea markets. The bottom line on this hotel is that this will be a great location to visit Shanghai in about 2 years when construction of the metro stop next door is completed for the 2010 Intl. Expo. Right now it is not ideal because the streets are cut up in and around the hotel forcing you to walk in some unsavory looking areas on your way to the Bund. Although I paid full price for a deluxe room, this did not get me the best Pudong views available at this hotel. Instead my view was of the construction pit below however the skyline view at night from my 12th floor room of the Yuyuan garden market was very nice indeed.The service quality at this hotel is impeccable. I stayed at four different hotels during my recent trip to China and believe me there are service issues at some hotels particularly , the front desk area. This hotel was the only one I felt that valued me as a client.The hotel is recently constructed and therefore the rooms are pristine , elegant with all the modern conveniences and amenities especially the spacious bathroom with the soaking tub and seperate shower. Loved the wide screen TV with all the right channels.I agree with some of the other reviewers that the breakfast is a bit pricey at this hotel if not already included in the price. $30 for breakfast is stratospheric in China. In fact, I would only recommend staying at this hotel if you get a promotional price of $150 or less with breakfast included. You will feel gouged otherwise considering the construction inconvenience in and around this hotel. Also, watch out for the taxi drivers laying in wait for unsuspecting tourists who will charge you double the rate to the airport. These are the guys who will take you at break neck speed weaving in and out of traffic to the airport and try to charge you $50 for the Disney ride adventure. Luckily we were forewarned by the hotel and paid half. My cardiologist will get the other half.	
Nov 4 2008 	Almost Perfect	The hotel is located centrally, right next to YuYuan and within walking distance to the Bund. The rooms feature floor to ceiling windows offering views of the city (we could see Pudong from ours) and modern, attractive furnishings. The bathroom was massive and gleaming, with separate tub and shower. There is a gym/spa on the top floor (21), including the Infinity Pool - an all-glass pool next to the glass windows (incredible!). The lounge for elite members featured great views of Pudong as well, although the food selection was not as impressive as I've seen at other Marriott/Renaissance properties. The one drawback we experienced involved taxis - we waited for 30 minutes on a Sunday night when leaving for dinner, and also found many drivers didn't know where the hotel was or had trouble finding the way to the dropoff at the hotel's entrance. Overall a fantastic stay!	
Aug 21 2008 	One of the best in Shanghai	I stay in Shanghai often and I have stayed at all of the Marriott brands in the city. This one is my favorite. The hotel is new and clean and nice. The breakfast was amazing, however it was VERY expensive, so was the internet. Those were my only complaints. The bathroom was every bit of a 5 star and my standards are quite high. You can't go wrong with this hotel. The location is ideal for getting just about anywhere in Shanghai except you have to rely on taxis because it is not close to the metro. The price for the room is fair for what you get. I plan to stay here again and highly recommended it to everyone. Again, I stay in A LOT of hotels in Asia, China and Shanghai so I have a very good comparison...	
Jul 5 2008 	Great location modern new and FANTASTIC views!	We enjoyed four nights at the Renaissance. Our room had an incredible view of Pudong and the beautiful Shanghai skyline! The room was beautiful, the staff was extremely helpful and the location was very central to the Old Town, Yuyuan Gardens, Pudong, and the Bund. I would highly recommend this hotel. Our only complaint was the restaurant was a bit expensive.	
Jul 2 2008	Wish the location could be better	I agree with the previous reviewer that this hotel is good but not great.The location is both good and bad. The good thing is it is located in the center of Shanghai. So pretty much every other attraction is very close by.The bad thing is that this hotel is located in a rather run-down, old section of Shanghai. Out of the windows, you will be able to see both spectaculer modern buildings and slums at the same time. (Construction is going on, so it is possible that at some point, the slums will be completely demolished.)I agree with the previous reviewer that this hotel is good but not great.The location is both good and bad. The good thing is it is located in the center of Shanghai. So you are close to many of Shanghai’s attractions.The bad thing is that this hotel is located in a rather run-down, old section of Shanghai. Out of the windows, you will be able to see both spectacular modern buildings and slums at the same time. (Construction is going on, so it is possible that at some point, the slums will be completely demolished.)The hotel service is good, although I was cheated one time by the taxi driver who was waiting outside the hotel and obviously was quite familiar with the bell hops. I was over charged by the taxi drive by about 50% (confirmed by locals and other taxi drivers later). When I asked for a receipt, the taxi drive refused. I later learned that you can refuse to pay if no receipt can be given.The hotel is very new and very clean. The gym is pretty small but decent. The pool has a great view on the top of the building. The breakfast buffet is very nice and costs about RMB190 (Approximately $27.5 based on the current exchange rate). Not cheap, but it has great varieties.I will probably stay at another hotel close to the People's Square next time or stay in Pu Dong (Pu Dong is the business district on the East side of the Huang Pu River. You do need to travel to Pu Xi to visit many of Shanghai’s attractions if you stay in Pu Dong. But Pu Dong is so much cleaner).	
Jul 1 2008 	We loved the staff	The subway construction allowed us to get bargain rates with the fancy buffet breakfast. We stayed for a week and loved the room, (we were upgraded to one with a soaking tub in front of a huge window overlooking the city because the first room was too hot.). The staff was more than terrific, perhaps because the hotel was new and maybe underbooked, so they were willing to spend time with us, help us with our baby Chinese, tell us about themselves. Almost all of them had trained in other countries, one manager was from Germany, and their English was astonishingly good (not perfect, but remember we are trying to learn Chinese). Being near the Yu Yuan was fun because of the crowds. When the subway is finished (Line 8, which I think is open now, although I'm not sure the hotel's stop is finished), and the plans for an art gallery on the first floor are realized, the hotel will be great. But then we won't get the bargain rates.Drawbacks: We ate too much at the breakfasts. The chandelier in the lobby and the carpeting are really over the top in kitschy-ness. Also we actually missed some of staff when we left. We only gave it a 4 instead of a 5 because of the outside construction.	
May 26 2008 	Good but not great	First, there is a huge construction project going on around this hotel and it will continue for years. There are some highlights like the pool area on the top floor where you can see for miles and this is nice at night. People go there for the night time view. The location is right next to a large market (Old Town) where you can buy (and eat) anything. It is an easy walk to the Yu Yaun Gardens and to the riverfront Bund. In China the taxis are so cheap that as long as you are in the same city exact location matters very little. A $3 cab fare is big (except to the airport). Watch for airport taxi scam when you arrive. Go only to the offical taxi stand on the ground floor outside bagge claim. Do NOT be fooled by someone who looks official but wants you to go to a different floor. Taxi fare from airport to city is about 150 CNY ($20). If you fall for the scam you will pay $60 or more. Shanghai is a wonderful city and this hotel is fine. There is better but will cost you alot more.	
Apr 23 2008 	Surprisingly good	I booked this hotel because it is close to the residence of my brother. Lodging experience is surprisingly good.1. Brand new, modern, spacious and tidy room2. Good breakfast: Lots of choice and quality food3. Friendly staff 4. Just 5 minutes walk to the famous yuyuan. Very convenient to go to Xin Tin Di and other attractions.A nice hotel worthing my recommendation.	
Apr 6 2008 	Great room good location helpful staff	Stayed here in mid march for 3 nights followed by 1 night at the Grand Hyatt Pudong. If you're in shanghai for holiday i would definitely suggest the renaissance.Roomrooms are clean and 5 star quality Concierge good English and helpful - know where you want to go as they will mostly suggest western restaurants. For some good suggestions check out: http://www.danwashburn.com/clips/budgettravel/BudgetTravelMyShanghaiIsBetterThanYours.pdfLocation5min walk to old town and 15min in a cab anywhere else you would want to goOverall best bet for leisure traveler in shanghai - maybe stay at the Hyatt one night for the novelty of it but if you want to be close to everything with a nice room stay at the renaissanceadded extraif you have an extra few days and want to check out Beijing take the express train - leave at 730PM arrive at 730AM and about 70USD per person for a soft sleeper room	
Mar 31 2008 	Wow!! Very impressed with the hotel	Wow!!! This was an awesome hotel. I loved the modern décor of the common areas and the hotel rooms. The only thing was the color of the rug – it’s very bright and doesn’t really go well with everything. I read the review about how small the size of the rooms were – I completely disagree. The rooms were ample-sized and it was a very nice place to stay at, especially staying at a smaller hotel in Beijing prior. It’s definitely comparable or if not better than any of the 4-5 star hotels in the U.S. The gym was also great. It’s on the 20-something floor and had a great view of the city. They also provide towels and water bottles for every aerobics machine. The location was awesome. It was right in the middle of YuYuan and walking distance to Nanjing Road (about 15 minutes), Old Shanghai and the Bund. I had no problems getting cabs whenever I needed one, even during a rainy day when I left Shanghai. I do have to say that the taxi drivers are still somewhat unfamiliar with where the hotel is located and didn’t take us to the correct location a few times. Overall, I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. The staff went out of their way to be accommodating and most of them spoke fluent English, which makes it much easier.	
Mar 27 2008 	Hotel Very Nice but Don't Count on the Airport Transfer	Our 3-night accommodation at Renaissance Yuyuan was booked as a package with Dragonair as they were in some sort of promotional partnership. Included in the package were free airport transfers operated by the hotel exclusively for KA passengers. However, only upon our arrival at the Pudong Airport we realised that the transfer was not operated frequently like on hourly basis but run only every 4 hours or so (or whenever there's enough hotel guests on that particular KA flight). Bemused, and instead of waiting for 3 hours at the airport with all the luggages we joined another couple who was in the same situation to take a taxi to the hotel. (Here I'd rather skip the details of our incredible taxi journey, in which the 4 of us ended up being abandoned at an outskirt subway station. That's enough of a bad start for a holiday already.)During check-in we asked the reception lady if we need to book the transfer for our return flight just to play safe. She answered that all would be arranged and the concierge should inform us the arrangement the night before departure. But this didn't happen. We approached the reception in the morning before breakfast and were told that either we should catch the bus due to depart in 20 minutes, or the next departure would be too late for our flight. Again, we had to take a cab to the airport and experienced another horrendous 70-minutes ride.We understand that the transfer service was meant to be complimentary but it'd be nice if we could be informed of the schedule in advance, and get prepared if we need to find other means of transport.Apart from the transfer incubus the hotel itself was actually very nice as per other reviews. Clean and modern room, courteous staff, adequate breakfast (better have early breakfast on Sunday as they'd start relocating guests to the lobby lounge starting from 10:00am to make space for the brunch), great spa (discounts on offer), swimming pool and some rooms with nice view of the city, etc. Downsides were the long distance from subway station, surrounding traffic congestion and construction work (but where you can escape from these in downtown SH?!). Overall it's still good value for money.	
Feb 1 2008	New hotel decent value and location.	This hotel is great because it is all new and a modern (if a bit bright) style. The location is just south of the Bund and a quick cab drive from all the action. My room had a great view. The gym is poor, but the breakfast buffet is great. There was hardly anyone at the hotel while I was there.	
Jan 15 2008	Fantastic	We have just returned from China and wish to share our experience at this hotel. First we booked everything on line on the Marriott website. We were able to cancel up to 24hrs prior if need be. One week before our arrival I received and email from them confirming my booking to which I replied in the affirmative with an extra request. We wanted to travel by sleeper train from Shanghai to Beijing at the end of our stay. The concierge staff replied letting us know that they were able to book the train for us with a small fee and pay when we arrieved. This made it extremely easy for us since we had trouble trying to organise train tickets ourselves. We bought 4 tickets @ $80AUD each. Since there were 3 of us we wanted the whole cabin to ourselves thus 4 tickets.We felt The Hotel location was perfect for us since we wanted to experience as much as possible the real China. There was underground railway works going on outside but it never bothered us. The hotel happened to be located around the corner from old Shanghai town. It's a town with it's original buildings all in tact. (The hotel website add indicating a tall modern building on top of an old Chinese one is misleading. The old building is a picture of Old China Town around the corner away from the hotel altogether). There is plenty of shopping and fantastic bargains there, especially if you are good at haggling. e.g. A Rolex watch was offered to me at a discount price for 1200CNY I got it for 100CNY $17AUD but not in the shops. No.1 rule haggle for everything and have small notes to give the right money because you may get handed counterfeit bills. Westerners are fair game so never buy from people approaching you from the street.Back to the hotel: Upon arrival we had a very efficient check in with very friendly staff and when our bags were brought to our room the porter showed us the room facilities. The rooms are very well appointed and they all have diamond shaped bay window which allows one to have 220 Deg views. We were on the 15th floor and the views were fantastic and able to view the famous ball tower in the distance. You will be asked if you want a high or lower floor. Higher floor are quieter. The bathroom facilities are western style and extremely well appointed and exceptionally clean. We were 3 people in the room which had 2 very comfortable double beds. There was a flat screen TV with 3 of 40 stations offering English movies free of charge. CNN and BBC were also showing 24hrs daily. We made very good use of the small safe in the room. Overall it was very comfortable and spacious for us. We paid in total $1400AUD for 3 people for 7nights.Breakfast that's offered from 6.am till 11am. is both Asian and Western Buffet and included in the room price. There were 2 hot food kitchens one each for Asian and Western with chefs on hand to cook up what you like. The staff service was exceptional, obsequious and very quick to serve your needs. Do not tip anyone there. Most if not all staff spoke a better than average English. There are internet and general office facilities available on the 3rd floor for a fee. As well as in room internet if you have a laptop. The lobby is fantastic and includes a bar.Use taxis to go everywhere because they are very cheap and make sure it is a 2 toned one with a meter. Only these ones are legitimate. We had no problems with any of them. When you board a taxi at the hotel the staff ask you your destination and they write it down for you in Chinese and show the driver. They also give you the Taxi license plate no. in case of trouble which the hotel staff will follow up with the cab Co. The Consiege also sell local Mobile phone sim cards. Make sure you get one which covers all China not just Shanghai if you intend to move out of Shanghai. There is very well appointed gym upstairs on the 31st floor which has a few weight machines, treadmills, cross trainer machines, lockers and showers in the dressing rooms. Each machine has a sweat towel provided and a water bottle for your use. All complimentary. There is also a 20mtr lap pool next to the gym. Across the other side of this wing are health a beauty facilities which include facials, massage, spas with friendly staff all for a fee. My wife had a facial for 500CNY. There are a range of different prices to choose from.Overall we were very pleased with this Hotel and will always recommend it to anyone. After a day out haggling and negotiating the chaos of the traffic it felt like a sanctuary coming back to the hotel. I personally will not stay anywhere else in Shanghai if I can help it. If you want luxury and all Western requirement catered for then this is the place to stay.Excellent for business people, couples, honeymooners and families with teenage kids. The service is impecable.	
Dec 26 2007 	Good Value 5 Star Hotel.	The checkin to checkout my experience was a good one.I gave it one less star than full marks simply because of the surrounding traffic. There is ALOT of construction going around this hotel for the new subway lines. Probably why I got it so cheap. PriceStayed 4 nights@103USD including breakfast. I booked with Asia Rooms. My original online booking did not include breakfast but I was just given the breakfast for two option. It was nice surprise.I think I have uploaded enough pictures so you will have a basic idea what the hotel looks like. Unfortunately the quality is not so great since I was using my mobile phone to take the photos. Where to start?BuildingThe hotel is very new. The hotel had just opened 3 months.The lobby was located on the 4th floor. The concierge on the 1st floor. Interesting arrangement. Some building space outside of the hotel but within the hotel building on the first floor presumably for future stores still had construction going on. Inside everything was complete. Pity I didn't take any pictures of the inside of the hotel. Very clean!Location5 minute walk to YU GARDENS and 15 MINUTE walk to the BUND. 20 minute walk to the nearest subway line Central Henan Road (Green line No.2). The hotel is still too new so some taxi drivers had a hard time locating the hotel. It is easier to say go to the YU GARDENS and then just walk to the hotel. The surrounding street is going through major construction. I don't hear any of it but I felt the effects. Lots of traffic! Once in a taxi I didn't take too long to go to the interesting places like Shanghai Center, Tongren Lu, Nanjing West Road, Nanjing East Road, Remin Square, Xin Tian Di, French Concession, BUND, PUDONG....ReceptionThe receptionists spoke adequate English although it was suprising that their level was not more polished. Checkin was efficient. Friendly.RoomsStayed in a very modern and clean looking twin bed deluxe with a view of the BUND. Large comfy double beds each with 4 fluffy pillows and a bolster. The carpet was plush blue material. Very powerful A/C. Too powerful in fact when turned on all night it made the room very dry. So dry I woke up every morning with a sore throat. Tasteful pictures on the wall. Flat screen TV. There were two large sofa style chairs and adequately sized glass study table. Inroom safe available, large closet with several hangers, an iron, fully stocked mini bar, individual halogen reading lights near each bed and a very nice looking alarm clock I wanted to take with me but resisted the urge. Received a daily newspaper.Bell / Valet ServiceMost of the bell boys knew English as well as the valets. They would write down the taxi's license plate and give it to you each time so you could always keep track of the taxi you rode if you encounter any trouble.BathroomA wonderful bathroom with a glass wall. To ensure privacy the glass wall had blinds on them that could be automatically lowered and raised at a touch of a button. The shower was fully enclosed. A moderately sized bathtub, a hair dryer, lots of towels of all sizes and high quality shampoos, conditioners, moisturizers, ETC. (I took a lot of these back with me!!)F &amp; BDidn't try the room service. Didn't try the bars or the food there EXCEPT the breakfast! It was better than most hotel breakfast lineups I have been too. The overall layout was an open space designed cafe theme. It felt like an unattended deli where you could walk behind the counter or fridge and take anything you wanted. Instead of pouring your juice out of a container you simply take small individual bottles of your choice of juice. Food was quite tasty. I have never been diappointed when I ate breakfast at a Renaisance hotel. The Shangri La still is my favorite though. Servers were very prompt at clearing my dishes. Friendly.FacilitiesBusiness center, A decent gym, swimming pool but it was closed during our stay, The Quan Spa. (Great service but overpriced!!)Overall4 out of 5 stars because of location. That's not really true since the location was really close to the Huang Pu River and close to many interesting sites. The real downside was the traffic congestion caused by the new subway line construction. Would definitely stay there again. Price is awesome. Will probably sky rocket once the subway is complete.	
Dec 5 2007 	Good choice for SH	We stayed in the Ren. Yuyuan for two nights in late Nov. 2007. We booked using a combination of Marriott points and the 1,200RMB introductory rate for the new hotel. I would say that at this rate, it was a very good value for Puxi, Shanghai. Location was excellent - a few hundred meters away from the Westin Bund Center, directly behind Yu Gardens and relatively centrally located. There is some kind of construction going outside in front of the hotel, which forced most taxis to do a U-turn to get you to the hotel - I noticed no noise from the construction while during our stay.The room was good but not great - I personally didn't care for the color scheme and the rooms were a bit on the smaller side by American standards (but not uncomfortably so). Everything was clean and all the needed amenities were available (including a French Press coffee maker). Bed was comfortable - not as firm as other matresses we experienced during our stay in China. However, the sheets were not of the highest standard. Towels were great.Three points stand out about this hotel:1. The executive lounge was the best we experienced in China and better than any I can think of in the U.S. Hot breakfast; high quality espresso machine; two internet access computers; newspapers; dried fruit, nuts and cookies along with soft drinks, coffee and beer were available all day; light dinner plus wine and cocktails available after 5:30pm. Additionally, as a previous post mentioned, the view of Yu Garden and the river/Pu Dong was incredible - especially after dark when Yu Garden was lit -up. 2. The fitness/spa facility -located on the top two stories of building was fantastic. Wall to ceiling high windows in pool area (infinity pool + hottub) and fitness equipment area. A good number of machines available with TV sets. Views from this top floor fitness/pool area were approximately 200 degrees around from starting from the Bund/PuDong. Really incredible at night.3. Service - service was unpretentious, courteous and very good. At times it was over-the top and a bit unpolished; however, you felt that each individual wanted to help you and would go out of their way to do so. English skills were adequate to good.The only downside was taxi service - it generally took a few minutes during busy times to get a cab and some cabs did not know the location of the hotel (maybe 20% of cabbies did not know how to get there in our experience).Overall, I would rate it a better experience than most Ren. hotels I've stayed at in the U.S. for a comparable price.	
Nov 25 2007 	Outstanding!	I booked this hotel by accident, but what a good thing it turned out to be! I checked in a day before the official opening ceremony, and enjoyed the ultra-modern, brand-new accommodations with superior service.The proximity to the Yuyuan Gardens [walking distance] and the Bund [best to take a taxi] make it a perfect location for site seeing, fine dining and shopping. The rooms are modern, comfortable, the bed is heavenly. The soaking tub in the bathroom with the glass wall enables you to enjoy a hot bath while looking out over the lights of the city. And the view of the Pu-Dong at night from the executive lounge is breath-taking. The staff is very attentive and aims to please in all ways: even taking you shopping. My only complaint is the taxis were a bit hard to come by -- a 15 min advance call was required. This was due to the fact that the hotel is so new, not all cab drivers knew about it yet.	
Nov 8 2007 	Really Surprised	My wife and me stayed at Yuyuan Hotel for 5 nights, 30/9-05/10. I'm really surprised about the other travellers reviews. The hotel was opened in september 07, so everything is clean and new. We stayed in a room and it seems to be used for the fist time. Rooms size is not too big, but they are really lively decorated, with a splendid bathroom separated with a glass wall.Breakfast was really good, with variety of chinese and western food.And about location, I think is much better than other hotels around the busy and opressive East Nanjin Road, is just 100 meters from Yuyuan Garden area and only 250 meters from the Westin Bund hotel.Regards	
Oct 4 2007 	Wait until new subway line opened	3 nights during National Day holidayTook more than one hour from Pudong Airport to the hotel.Most cab drivers dont know this hotel. Must tell them either Yu Yuan or give them the direction Lobby is on the 4th floor. Check-in is quick. Room is on the small side. Not much space to move around. Bath room isbig particularly when considering the size of the room itself.Buffet breakfast (RMB170) selection is not huge but adequate.Some confusion during seating the first morning (Oct01) whenthe coffee shop was 80% full. Less than 10 persons in the coffee shop the 2nd and 3rd morning.Getting a cab during rush hours or bad weather is definitely abig problem (in fact this a a problem in the entire Shanghai butwould be very bad around this hotel). This situation will beimproved after the subway passing thru right outside the hotelis opened in 1 or 2 years time (it will definitely be opened beforeWorld Expo which is in 2010). Better ask hotel to book a cab for you in advance for your trip to airportBell boys and doorman provided good servicePersonally dont like the area around the hotel (Yu Yuan and Shanghai old street although there are so many local andforeign tourists come here for something I dont understand)Would not come back to this hotel until subway is in use	
Sep 4 2007 	New very new	We have spent 2 nights in this brand new hotel which was just opened for a week or so (grand opening due in mid-september). The hotel is new, and it's nice. The people are friendly and willing to help, but staffs do seem to be very inexperienced and a bit slow nonetheless very polite. The hotel is situated right next to Yuyuan so you get to look over the old building (one of the landmarks for tourists) and the neighbourhood gives you a taste of the traditional bits of Shanghai.The hotel is so new that most taxi drivers do not quite know their way but somehow it's not hard to find since everyone knows YuYuan and the hotel is just right next to it. We stayed in the normal deluxe room and the facilities are quite good. The phone is cordless and of course internet services were fitted in the room. The shower is good. The minibar is really expensive though… I think it's like 65 RMB for a coke… The only problem we had with the hotel was the difficulty in getting hold of a cab on Friday night. We had been waiting for over 25 mins… while we waited we tried to get the Concierge to arrange for a hotel car but hotel staff insisted that these cars could only be rented at a minimum rate of 4 hours. I think this is in fact a bit stupid and the inflexibility is a bit annoying (especially when you see 6- 8 cars and drivers waiting outside the hotel doing nothing) and the hotel refused to arrange anyone of them to take us to somewhere which will only take 15-20 mins by car. The manager eventually gave in after 30 mins wait and that was also the time when a taxi finally drove in. I think transportation would be an area that this hotel should look into, but apart from that, the rest of the experience was enjoyable. The rooms are just like those shown on the hotel website (unlike many others which may dissappoint you upon arrival)!	
Sep 4 2007 	?????????????????		
Oct 23 2009 	delizioso hotel posizione centrale a shanghai		
Oct 15 2009 	Renaissance		
Oct 15 2009 	???????????		
Oct 4 2009 	????????????		
Aug 23 2009	??????		
Feb 9 2009 	????????????????		
Jan 19 2009	?????????		
Jul 28 2008 	A éviter		
