	Felt cheated on extras	The location is good but has lot of construction going on. Watch out for what is being charged extra in this hotel. A laundry bag could cost you USD$ 7/-.	
Nov 11 2009 	solid not opulent but clean and comfy and GREAT location	very solid hotel in good location - walking to hi-end shops and close to city central. Very safe. Beds a little hard but that is common in China. This place was solid without any real red flags. We got it as part of tour package so not sure of pricing but this is a solid cant go wrong business class hotel that was more than fine for tourists. Comparable to a Four Points or a Courtyard.	
Nov 5 2009 	Pick a different place.	Nasty neighborhood, near auto repair and machine parts shops. Under construction. Rooms lacking some basic amenities, like dresser drawers. Lots of better choices in Shanghai.	
Oct 30 2009 	Disaster	Don't ever consider staying at The Bund Riverside Hotel. It is disgusting.The lobby looked OK with the obligitory chandelier but beyond that it was a disaster.Rooms small and very tired. Toilet did not flush, rooms lights flickered and made a zapping sound, the airconditioner was noisy, the curtains were dirty. Once varnished timber trim painted brown. The dining room where breakfast was served was disgusting. Curtains hanging off hooks and not clean. Walls water stained. Utensels for tea/coffee/congee/cereal and toaster were not clean. Staff uniforms not clean. No conception of service. Little comprehension of English. Reception and housekeeping was no better. No conception of service and little understanding of English. (They actually asked us if we spoke English). The only thing going for it - close to Nanjing Walking Street.	
Oct 25 2009 	Terrible!!!	The rooms are dirty, the service is terrible. The price is much higher then what the hotel give you. The breakfast (that cost 90 RMB!!!) is ridiculous.There are many many hotels in Shanghai, don't choose this one!	
Oct 25 2009 	Nice furniture comfortable bed lovely bathroom...but find something in the French Concession	For the price, the place was great. Definitely skip the overpriced restaurant and bar...but the rooms are tastefully decorated and nice (the carpet was the only thing showing age). The staff was alright, good by Chinese standards (meaning if you expect people to be fluent in English or be overly polite, maybe China isn't the right place for you...the staff speak English well here and were much more professional than any other place we stayed in China). The location is okay, however almost all of the Bund is destroyed due to Expo 2010 construction, but this affects all hotels in the area. One bonus is the windows are thick and if you can get up room on the upper floors, there is no noise. If you are wanting to stay in this area, the hotel is great, although I would suggest finding a hotel in the much nicer French Concession.	
Oct 8 2009 	great choice good value	We booked this hotel in Shanghai as last stay in China on our honeymoon. We were quite worried about the type of hotel we had booked, as it doesn't belong to any international chain of hotels available in the centre of Shanghai and we were aware that you never know what to expect when you're so far away from home. We have been very much surprised to see that the hotel is located in a strategic position, perfect I dare say, for those who don't want to spend too much but still whish to stay in the centre, just behind Nanjin Road. Many attractions could be reached on foot! We had been given a fantastic room on top floor with a panoramic view on the skyscrapers. Wonderful. This is the best hotel we could ever choose in Shanghai, we have had a great time. Of course there are many other hotels that can offer you 5 stars service but as already said, this is a good choiche at non expensive rates.	
Oct 4 2009 	Not bad if you get a good rate.	We stayed for 6 nights on the 12th floor in a Superior City View room. Overall, the hotel was good but the main reason was that we got a rate of 53USD through Travelocity. Except for the carpet, the room was clean with a big bathroom and comfortable bed. The view wasn't particularly good, but not an issue. Outside noise was low and not bothersome.PROS: After the rate, the second strong point is the location. It's a 10 minute walk to Nanjing road and the metro station and maybe 20 minutes to the Bund.CONS: As some others have noted, the carpet was stained and very unattractive. However, it wasn't &quot;dirty&quot; and that was the only cleanliness issue we encountered. Second, in spite of listing it as a PRO, the location could have been better. We used the metro a lot, and would have liked to be closer, especially when it was raining. Also, the hotel is located in a industrial supply neighborhood so there aren't as many food vendors/shops and restaurants as we'd like. And, it just makes for an unattractive area for walking. Breakfast, which wasn't included in our rate, was okay but very expensive at about 14USD. Internet, at 1 yuan per minute, was pricey.	
Sep 11 2009	Good value great location amazing Pudong views	We chose a superior room with Pudong view. It was very comfortable, had two queen size beds, safe, coffee/tea making facilities, bathrobes...at affordable price. Had breakfast the first day but found it not quite good and pricey. Just five minutes walking from Naning Rd. and metro station.Reception staff was helpful but some of them didn´t speak much english.I recommend it for a fee nights in Shanghai with a good view if your budget is not too high.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great hotel - value 	Please ignore all other bad reviews of this hotel as I was amazed what a great vale hotel it was. My wife &amp; I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and only booked a week before so paid NZ$85 per night with no breakfast. We were surpirswed how modern the hotel was and for a Chinese 4 star wasn't expecting much. But it is clean and centrally located to both the Bund &amp; Nanjing Rd (max 10 mins walk). Ok some of the back roads to the hotel from Nanjing Rd are dirty but THIS is China so what do people expect!!! We walked everywhere &amp; late at night and NEVER felt remotely threatened so no issue there. The location is fantastic and for the price I paid great value. Put it in perspective &amp; if you want a clean, central hotel for no cost then go here. If you want a Hyatt style hotel then forget it but realise you get what you pay for in this life so if you want a modern hotel then expect to pay Hyatt prices.Recommended for all visitors.	
Jul 12 2009	Disappointing	The hotel was clean and with great facilities, but the staff are not very helpful. Room service breakfast was mostly cold and congealed, despite inflated price.Unbelievable charge for internet use of 30 Yuan (approx GB£3.00) PER MINUTE! It was also quite slow, presumably in order to be able to charge more money.	
Jul 9 2009 	OK	Great Things about this hotel:- Very roomy- $50/night- Location is a 5 min to Nanjing Rd which was a pedestrian mall. Pretty cool..- 10 min walk to the nearest subway station.- Helpful staffNegative things:- Bathroom stunk. Something really needed to be replaced - like the curtains.- Carpet was is poor condition- Don't eat at the Hotel. It's gross and expensive.- I'm not usually picky with beds but this hotel has really really hard beds. I always woke up feeling pain in my shoulders.	
Jun 22 2009 	Clean quiet well priced brilliant location..	I stopped in and stayed here for one night, on a business trip.If a clean , quiet, easy to get to Hotel is what you seek, then look no further! The Bund Riverside is well priced ($70USD a night on WOTIF), and I will use it again next time I pass through ShanghaiReally really close to the underground station of Nanjing Road East (Number 2 exit)..Only a 3-5 minute walk through a (dirty) little lane, you will be at Nanjing Road!!Bugger that they charge for Internet connection (1 Yuan per minute, or 100 Yuan for 24 hours). .....the breakfast was 50 yuan for the usual array of food associated with China...hence I gave it a wide nerth and ate elsewhere.	
Jun 16 2009 	If you want only a room	Yes it's near the famed Nanjing Donglu (Nanjing Road East), but it's not a pleasant walk. It's an inspiring walk to the station only if you're interested in seeing the place for real - chaotic traffic, non -stop horning, touts outside rather depressing eateries, hardware stores, construction sites, vegetable peddlers, locals who suddenly turn, spit or litter as they talk. Not making a judgement about the locals (they're regular people like everyone everywhere else) but it's a snapshot of the scene I've encountered 4 days in the neighbourhood. Nothing green, nothing retail along the way to the station.Buildings under construction line the various routes to the hotel. What this means is that the usual pedestrian walkways are blocked (they do not carve out alternatives under such buildings) and pedestrians are forced to negotiate the road with bikes, motorbikes and cars, all of which don't give way even if lights are in your favour. It's especially difficult if it's raining (frequent in the summer).There are 2 or 3 dusty convenience stores along the various routes to the hotel where you can pick up water and snacks, but if you're expecting the clean, fresh, mouthwatering snacks or bento like those you get in such stores in Taipei or Tokyo, forget it. Got a grand view room, it looks out to other buildings. It's spacious but everything is aging. Old TV but you get star movies, BBC and CNN, no HBO. Turn it off for a while if it goes quiet, the sound comes back on the next time. The carpet is stained in some parts but the bathroom is clean enough, just a little rusty. The horning from the streets can be heard even from the room on the 9th floor. They will ask for a 600 yuan deposit at check in, no matter what your online agent says about prepaid bookings, so just prepare the money. Good value if you just want a room and some breakfast. But if your idea of Shanghai is the Nanjing Road East for shopping and the Bund, it's probably better to stick to those on Nanjing Road if you can pay for them.	
May 28 2009 	good value for money	we stayed fr. 20th to 27th may. the first impression was not good. the carpet was badly stained. we asked to switch room, and they offered an upgrade but the room was much smaller, so we opted to stay in the same room as the front desk said they're running full occupancy. we checked out for on the 3rd day for an overnite stay at hangzhou but left our luggage with them and when we came back, they gave us an upgrade room (we didn't ask for it, so it was a very pleasant surprise), carpet was clean, room was even bigger than the one we had stayed in. for what we paid, i think its very good value. the staff were very helpful and tried their best to assist. there're a lot of constructions going on outside the hotel, but this is due to the Expo. the hotel is within walking distance to most attractions and cabs are easy to get and cheap. breakfast was very very boring. same thing for the entire stay. we had free internet and it was working well.in gist, its very good value for what we paid &amp; we had a very pleasant stay.	
May 26 2009 	Dont go to this hotel...EVER	Horriable is not the word if i need to mention about my experience...first time visit to Shanghai and heard a lot about the Bund area as such so when i saw the hotel listing where in it mentioned that it is located at the bund and at a great price i grabed the deal not knowing that this stupid hotel was in this commercial horriable area few blocks away from the bund and the view from my SUITE in this hotel was of the slums....Dont go in this hotel EVER	
May 20 2009 	Great hotel great location great value	Stayed at this hotel for two nights prior to boarding a cruise ship. The location was great for exploring the Bund area. Quick and inexpensive taxi rides got us to the other major attractions. Hotel was very nice as was the staff. We had a few snacks in the lobby coffee shop and had some room service (average), but there were several restaurants in the hotel. The spa was convenient and open until 2AM for late massages after long days. One small warning for disabled travelers: the entrance to the hotel is up a long flight of stairs from the street. There is also a lot of construction in the area (and all of Shanghai) due to the upcoming Expo.	
May 11 2009 	Good value for money	This hotel is clean and well located. A block away from Najin street to the north and a very short walking distance from the Bund. Rooms are clean and bright and everything worked just fine.	
May 11 2009 	Good hotel near Nanjing Road	The hotel is very close to Bund and Nanjing Road, in fact within walking distance. The area surrounding is bit dirty with construction and repair going on on nearby buildings. The hotel is clean and rooms with twin beds and window facing are good. However some rooms with queen bed is small. Rooms are clean. Breakfast menu is same everyday and never changes which I dont like.	
May 6 2009 	More of a 3 star hotel!!!	I stayed at this hotel for a quick trip into Shanghai. It was a four night stay and overall it was a pleasant experience. I booked through Travelocity and they has this hotel pegged as a four star hotel. I beg to say even though this hotel has a nice lobby and the rooms are spacious this hotel is not a 4 star. The room it self was clean and spacious and the bed well, as everyone on here can tell you it was hard as a rock. I personally didn't have a problem with it, but some might. The downside of this hotel was the ac unit itself was not really working, I had it full blast and it barely got cool in the room. My friend who had another room, his ac unit was not working at all. He called and talked to the front desk about it several times to no avial. Luckily it was not that hot and survived with opening the windows. I had a room with a city view, needless to say the view was not that great. The breakfast was the same the four days we were there, no change at all. I would not recommend paying extra for breakfast if its not included. You can get better off site. There is a lot of construction going on in the areas, specifically next to the hotel. They usually start kind of early so get ready to hear metal banging. The internet is the room was included but I had issues with the download speed. It seemed to take forever, while my buddy said he has no problems. There is no WIFI signal. The TV in the room sucked. There were only maybe 3 English channels and the reception was horrible. I do have a trick, the tv itself is only a monitor and you can hook up the monitor to your laptop and you can play dvds from your laptop onto the big screen or even surf from there. All you have to do is disconnect the monitor cable from the cable box from the back of the tv and connect it to your laptop and to get sound disconnect the green audio cable and connect it to the headphone jack on your laptop. The location is pretty good. The main shopping street is about 5 mins away and you can find a lot of places to eat or shop at. There is a 24 McD's close by and I would recommend a restaurant called CW or CB Coffe house. they serve food in a coffee house enviornment. The food was good, the steak did not have a funny taste like most foreign countries do. I would only stay here again if the price was right. I would definetly try to find something with a pool next time. The hotel is a good base hotel and just for laying your head at night time. Don't expect grand things from this place.	
May 5 2009 	Very Pleasantly Surprised	After a lot of debating as to whether to stay here, The Manhattan Business Hotel, or Charms, I was won over by this one. I wanted a great view so I asked for a digital queen on the 16th floor on my booking form (Riverside) which they honoured. The 17th is just below the restaurant and noisy as a previous reviewer pointed out and the view from the 16th is just as good. The room was not very big but there was a King bed with a desk, free internet, flat screen TV with CNN International and a few other news stations. There was also a great bathroom with stand alone shower which I really enjoyed the rainwater effect. Best of all, there was a bench in front of the window which protruded and you could sit there, chill and enjoy the city lights. As a solo traveller it was fine, but might have been a bit cramped had 2 people been in there.Service was good and began with a prompt reply to my email giving me the name of the hotel in Chinese and the address. This is essential if you are arriving by cab as the driver will not recognise the name. The staff and bell boys were very helpful but as I decided to stay an extra night, they could not give me a better rate than the one I found on expedia so I secured it that way and there was no problem. I read previous reviews of dirty windows obscuring the view, but as luck would have it, the window cleaners were there during my stay, see enclosed photo. :)Breakfast was in the restaurant on the top floor with very helpful staff and great views. They really can't do enough to help you there.I was a bit worried about the location, but it's about a 5 minute walk to Nanjing Road and the metro station. The neighbourhood was great with convenience stores everywhere and a relief from the tinsel and pestering on the Nanjing Road. I can understand it looking shady, but it was not at all. I was glad it was in an authentic area and best of all, there is a bank next door, too.Overall, I'd say, that you could have a great time in a central location without spending a fortune and relax in comfort at the end of a hard day of walking and sightseeing. Remember to get a Riverside view, though.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent location once you get your bearings	We had 5 nights here in March and where very impressed for the price we paid, only slight downside was the beds being very hard but that seems to be a chinese staple.Would definately stay here again. Rooms spacious, breakfast quite good, and staff very helpfull.	
Apr 9 2009 	Bund River side hotel - Good choice for business	Bund river side hotel is located in very near of Nanjing Road. Easy to access shopping streets and other amenities. Hotel will provide internet connection, which is rather expensive (100 RMB / day). Nice and friendly staff. The girls at lobby bar were very friendly. Maybe because i'm blond, 30'ish young man? Bund River Side Hotel is for you, if you are looking for basic accommodation.	
Mar 20 2009 	5 star excellent service	We have booked for 4 nights stay with Bund Riverside for a Grand View Room 1615. Grand view room are very spacious with a King size bed. The bathroom is very new and spacious with separate bathtub, bathing and toilet section. No funny smell as mentioned by other reviewers.The best deal is to book through the hotel own website and registered as a member will entitled you for some freebies. Highly recommended for their hotel service - 5 star standard, fast and efficient. Initially we got a twin bed room and I've called to change to another room with king size bed. In 5 minutes time, the reception immediately arranged to bring us to view and change to the higher 16th floor at no additional charges. Location is about 3 streets away from the noisy and bustle Nanjing Road, about 10 minutes walking to Line 2, Nanjing East metro. My 5 years old boy enjoyed the walk. On the way back, will pass by some covenience stalls that you can grab some snacks and drinks back to hotel.Shanghai implement &quot;bring your own bag&quot; concept, chargeable for plastic bags. Very environment friendly. Do remember to bring your own tote bag when go shopping. Also highly recomended the Marcom Manager, Eric Wong who is always so accomodating and responsive to my email requests. Also the Front Office Manager, Phillips who personally came to carry our luggages to the lobby and personally called a cab for us to the airport. He even gave us his personal number to assure us if there are any hippcups on the way to airport. Added personal and VIP treatment that I received from Bund Riverside for my family. I will definitely highly recommend to anyone who visit Shanghai.	
Mar 17 2009 	Unfriendly and unwelcoming - would not recommend to anyone	We were only in the hotel for an hour, however got a pretty good feel for the place from that. It was the third hotel we stayed at in China and had booked it because of the location and positive reviews on Trip Advisor. The staff were very unwelcoming when we arrived and the problem came with the baby cot they provided for our young son. I'd emailed and called to check they had one that was appropriate (ie safe and he couldn't fall out of) but the one they provided was totally inadequate. You'd expect that they'd try to help us out and find a solution (ie lower the cot as it was too high and our son would have fallen out/or provided another room with a larger bed/mattress on floor) - who knows - but they never even tried and seemed perfectly happy for us to leave. We had to find another hotel and whilst my husband searched on the internet I followed my son around the lobby area - it was very dirty/staff unfriendly and we were grateful to leave. Had we stayed our experience of Shanghai would not have been positive - however changing hotels meant we ended up having a wonderful end to our holiday.	
Jan 7 2009 	Perfect Location	The hotel is in a perfect place for tourist, 5 minutes walk for the most famous shopping street, nagging road, and for the riverside to see Pudong, also for qipu market where you can buy anything. Rooms are not really big, but bed and badroom are king size, river view, breakfast ok, snacks include. I will stay any time i came to shanghai for sure.	
Dec 20 2008	Not that great	Coming from a great hotel in Beijing which was also a 4 star, I really expected more here. Staff were not friendly and were not helpful at all. I mean, a smile or saying hi to the guests doesnt hurt, and not once did I get that. Asking for help was a big issue since they didnt speak much english. Also, the hotel room was clean, except our main concern was the sewage smell coming out of the bathroom. It got to a point when my sister and I had to put orange peels in hot water to try and get rid of the smell. The location is only 5 minutes about from East Nanjing Rd so it's great to walk, but a few people have told me not to walk through the lanes at night since it's not that safe. Also, we went in Dec so alot of the area is under constrcution. There is lots of hammering starting in the morning, and do avoid getting the &quot;riverside&quot; view, since it's alot of construction men working!My other concern was getting a taxi back to the airport. Since I went with my family, 1 taxi wasnt big enough so we asked them to book a maxi taxi. The thing is, the hotel was charging us 260 RMB, where as when we came to the hotel from the airport in a maxi taxi, it costs us only 150 RMB! They kept on insisting that the maxi taxi dropped us off &quot;down town&quot; that's why it was 150 RMB, but we were dropped off in FRONT of the hotel. Phil, the man that booked us the taxi was not very friendly and seemed impatient with us when we brought up the price differences and he kept saying that we weren't dropped off at the hotel! We did take the hotels maxi taxi and unwillingly paid the 260 RMB since we couldnt find our own maxi taxi. Just a quick note, the maxi taxi provided by the hotel was very very old and didn't even have a meter. (Our maxi taxi from the airport to the hotel was new and cheaper and HAD a meter!)Overall I was really unsatisfied with the hotel and there dishonesty.	
Nov 25 2008	Service the best	This was a great place. The rooms are huge. The food was excellent and we had our own room for lunch. The location was perfect. Sat in the bar for hours, easy to relax in the lobby. Best place we stayed in our travels.	
Nov 5 2008 	Great views helpful staff	The Bund Riverside is easy to get to from East Nanjing Rd metro station - about a 5-minute walk along a road with restaurants, a great little massage place and a couple of 24-hour supermarkets stocking big bottles of Tsingtao and Reeb for under AU$2 a pop. Hotel has a modern feel, is clean (except maybe the outside of the rooms' windows), most of the staff speak some English(ish) and there's a bar in the lobby and a restaurant on the 18th floor. Best of all are the views if you book a River View room. Our room (1708) had jaw-dropping views over to Pudong. Windows were grimy (from construction work below the hotel on a bridge over the Suzhou Creek) and when it rained the dripping on the bay window's flat ceiling got a little annoying - but all in all, for the price we paid (approx $600 for the 7 nights) - an absolute bargain! OK, it's not the Four Seasons but it's nicer than most hotels you will find in Australia at the price. Our room was one of the smaller ones, but the bed was big, bathroom massive, shower huge, everything new, BIG flat screen LCD TV with 50 channels (you've got to love Chinese ads) including CNN, BBC etc, and a bay window you could throw pillows on and sit back, soak in the views, sounds and smells (the windows open) while drinking cheap, tasty beer from the shops. The mattress was hard - but been told that's standard in China. I would recommend a River View room, but maybe avoid the 17th floor. It is directly below the restaurant, so you hear noises as staff move around tables at all hours, plus being the highest floor for rooms the bay window has a flat ceiling directly below the rain overflow off the roof. A couple of floors down wouldn't ruin your view of the Pearl Tower or Pudong. And maybe negotiate for a bigger room. We sneaked a peek inside one of the suites and they look really big. The stores all along Beijing Rd below the hotel sell industrial stuff - valves, washers and assorted metal things - but you can walk to the Bund in 10 minutes, Nanjing Rd in 5 and stores are all really close. Location is excellent if you plan to walk a lot or use the metro, which is the quickest and cheapest way to get around the city (ticket machines have English translations, most trips cost 3 or 4 yuan). And it's on Metro line 2, which connects from Longyang Rd station where the Pudong airport Maglev line stops. Took us 30 minutes from the airport to get to the hotel by train, very simple. The hotel will give you a China Daily newspaper on request (in English) and can exchange most of the major currencies (slightly better rates at the hotel than we got in Australia), plus there's a Bank of China next door. And they have cards at reception with the hotel location - plus all the most popular sights - in Chinese in case you take a taxi. We didn't eat in the hotel (too many choices in Shanghai) so no idea about the food. Overall, if you are in Shanghai to explore the real Shanghai and need a cheaper hotel close to the Bund, Nanjing Rd and within walking distance of the Old Town - plus a metro stop - I'd absolutely recommend it. Pudong might have much fancier places to stay, but the real Shanghai is on this side of the Huangpu River.	
Oct 26 2008	Bund Riverside Hotel Shanghai	I recently stayed at the Bund Riverside Hotel in Shanghai Oct. 7th through the 10th. I must say this is one of the nicest hotels for the money that I have ever stayed in. I had read some reviews prior to my trip that made me a bit uneasy but I decided to book the room anyway. The staff was always willing to help and although English skills were limited it is in China! I think alot of western travelers expect everybody to speak English in the rest of the world. I think it's nice that they speak any English at all and are eager to help. The hotel is only a short walk to Nanjing rd. and a pleasant fifteen minute walk to the Bund. Some reviews claimed that it was far from the Bund and Nanjing rd. I guess if your lazy and don't like to walk it might seem far but I found the walk through the neighborhood interesting. I do advise walking down one of the streets to the Bund other than Nanjing rd. to experince real China. As far as the Hotel is concerned the room was fabulous with a stuning view of the city. I had read in reviews complaints about dirty carpet and mold in the shower, everything in my room was spotless and seemed to be recently renovated. I enjoyed drinks on the 18th floor lounge with panoramic view of the Bund. I highly reccomend The Bund Riverside, I have stayed in four star hotels that were five times the cost and not as nice!	
Sep 26 2008	Great hotel incredible view	I did stay three nights at the Bund Riverside in Sept 2008. Great and spacious room at 15th floor with a nice view on Pudong, close to Nanjing Road and the Bund.The room was the cleanest I ever got during my whole stay in China, and even in the small details (except the mildew around the bath, but it's quite common in all hotels in China apparently...)Only downside : the breakfast room at 18th floor is quite quickly overflowed, and breakfast itself is average (croissants have the consistancy of a spounge).	
Sep 24 2008 	great deal	This hotel is fantastic for the price. I paid 580 for a deluxe room with a view of the Pudong. You will read some comments below where people are saying that this is not is a good area. I would absolutely disagree, it's a great area and right in the middle of all the old 30's houses along with what I call &quot;life&quot; going on around you. If you want something more sterile choose one of the more boring areas of town where the have booted all the ordinary Chinese people out in the name of progress.And by the way, those buildings behind the hotel are not a 'shanty town' as one person commented, they the traditional Chinese houses where people have lived for the past 100 years. I went for a walk in there one day and had a great few hours roaming around. (See attached pic). These will be knocked down by next year according to the few people I met who are moving out to suburbia somewhere.	
Sep 20 2008 	Don't stay here	The good: Somewhat cheap, although it was more expensive that I thought. I bet you can find cheaper hotels in a better location.The bad: Carpet was really dirty. The shower had mildew growing all over it. Hotel location is far from everything, even a metro stop. We had to walk at least 3 blocks to the nearest metro.Overall, I would not stay at this hotel. If I went to Shanghai again, I would try to stay in the French Quarter. This hotel was too dirty and far away from everything.	
Sep 19 2008 	Great Hotel!	Great hotel, friendly staff with passable English and a GREAT location. While the immediate surrounding area is nothing to write home about, the hotel is only two blocks from a Metro station and the main downtown area on this side of the river. You can definitely walk to the Bund, but it's probably about 20 minutes. Great value too!	
Sep 7 2008 	A nice hotel	Leaving China I had to fly out of Shanghai so I stayed at the riverside for one night. I wish I could have stayed here longer.A nice room for a good price.	
Aug 16 2008	Fine but there are better located hotels	The rooms in this hotel are very nice, large and spacious with a good bathroom. No complaints whatsoever about the room. The location of the hotel however is not exactly fantastic. It is only a short walk to Nanjing Road and about 15minutes to the Bund.However, if I was staying in Shanghai again I would prefer to stay in the French Concession as it is a much nicer area with a nicer atmosphere. The Riverside Bund is somewhat on a side street with a lot of hardware shops and run down flats. The breakfast is terrible! Honestly, don't waste your money on it. Overall, we were happy with our stay in this hotel. The staff were EXTREMELY helpful and spoke decent English (do not underestimate how important this is in China). It was relatively cheap (£41 for double room) for such a nice hotel.	
Jun 5 2008	Great location and good hotel	We visited shanghai on our last leg of the china tour at the end of May 08. We've been to many 4-5 star hotels on the trip in Beijing, Xi'an, Suzhou, Guilin. This one in Shanghai is one of our favorites. The location is great -- walking distance to Nanjing Road and the Bund Riverside. There're also some interesting local streets nearby where you can find food stands, convenient stores and just local life all day long. The breakfast buffet was great, although someone on our tour claimed to have got food poison from uncooked bacon at the omelet bar. Our room on the 11th floor was really clean, probably newly remoded. It's not big, but suffient. It has a gorgeous view over the bund and the high rises on the east side. In the evening, everything's lit up and it's beautiful. The TV has many channels to choose from including a number of english channels like CNN. Overall, we'd definitely stay here again when we come back to Shanghai on our own.	
May 18 2008 	Nice hotel in good location	The hotel is in very good condition, room was very clean and furnished in an elegant modern style with flat-screen tv. Located close to Nanjing Road (main shopping street).Hotel staff is helpful and English speaking (more or less). Breakfast was really great with a large choise of different dishes. The panoramic window of the breakfast room offers a nice view.Whenever you go by taxi you need to have the Chinese address with you. At the reception desk you get a biz card where the address of the hotel as well as the most important tourist attractions are mentioned in Chinese. Take it with you, it's really helpful!	
Apr 18 2008 	Very dissapointed with the Bund Riverside Hotel....	Having stayed at the Bund Riverside hotel before, I decided to book it again for my next business trip.I hate to say that the service and hotel have really gone backward since the last time.The internet speed for a start is a joke, as is the 1RMB per minute charge.Breakfast is very poor, the croissants tasted like they had been there for 3 days, there are not enough seats for all the staying guests to have breakfast, so one has to cue until someone leaves.The noise with all the construction work going on outside is unbearable and carries on through the night.The aircon doesnt work, which trust me in Shanghai's muggy climate is a must.There was no hot water, so I had a cold shower on both mornings.The front-desk staff were not helpful when all the above problems were pointed out and are only there to check you in and check you out, dont ask for anything else.In conclusion very poor and I wont be staying at the Bund Riverside next time.	
Apr 9 2008 	Great location and pleasing stay for a first visit to China	This was our first vist to China, taking in Beijing, Dalian (business part of the trip) and Shanghai. I cannot understand the negative comments from some reviewers. We have travelled many parts of the world extensively and while this is not the best hotel we've stayed in, it is far from the worst! We were fortunate to get a great room high up with super views over the Huangpu river and the skyline featuring the landmark Pearl TV tower - smog permitting. We spent part of the two evenings we were there sipping some Great Wall Merlot while gazing out from our room window over the superb views and watching all the shipping traffic on the river. The room was clean, the front desk staff friendly and extremely helpful. Cannot comment on the food as we did not eat at the hotel, there is a wide choice of resturants in nearby Nanjing Road.We would certainly stay at the Bund again. One word of advise, try and get a room high up (for the view and to minimise the traffic/construction noise) and one that overlooks the river.	
Jan 8 2008	Good stay in a central hotel	Stayed here during an escourted trip round China in Sept 07. Overall a good hotel with nice rooms but most of all in a convenient location. Only a few mins walk from Nanjing Road which is the main shopping thoroughfare. If you like shopping this is the place to go with modern shopping centres and high quality western type shops. The hotel is also only 5 mins walk from The Bund, the famous riverside walkway.However, dont be expecting some romantic riverside view from your window ! We overlooked a tributary of the river which wasnt particularly nice too look at, mainly because of the shanty town the other side of the river ! Have to say they were demolishing it all and probably by the time you read this there is likely to be a beautiful high rise building it its place. With the speed the buildings go up in Shanghai, there was probably a high rise by the time our airplane took off from Shanghai Intl airport !Overall a very smart clean hotel located centrally. Staff (as always in China) were extremely helpful. Tip: Take one of the hotels cards. On the back it has all the main tourist sites in English &amp; Chinese. Just tick where you want to go and show the taxi driver ! Quick, easy and cheap !! (taxis are so cheap !!)	
Jan 6 2008 	Ok but don't bother with the breakfast!	We went to this hotel as it was the one that had the best reviews within our budget and was located very centrally.And we weren't disappointed. We got a cheap online deal at U$85 a night excl. breakfast. For the money I have no complaints. The hotel rooms are located on the higher floors of the hotel (11th?-17th). The lower floors are conference rooms, popular for weddings so you will probably run into a bride.Our room was the standard double which was probably quite a small room for the hotel standards (25m2 incl bathroom). It still had a queen sized double, TV with 5 English language channels including BBC and CNN, mini bar, desk, decent sized wardrobe with sadly Chinese sized bathrobes and an ok bathroom with the usual soap, shampoo, shower cap and something you don't find usually: condoms! In 2 sizes even!!. Made us laugh! The room and bathroom were cleaned everyday.Our view was of Suzhou creek. Sounds nice, looks crap. They are tearing down the entire old neighbourhood to build more skyscrapers. (Very typical and sad, happens all over Shanghai). They start doing that at 7AM and the windows aren't double glazed so you do hear that in the background (even if you are on the 12th floor). Also the walls are not very thick so you will hear somebody's tv as a murmur too. As I always wear earplugs neither bothered me too much. Breakfast is not included and if you are smart (or on a budget) you pick up something small like yogurt from the corner shop across the road and then have a proper meal later one. Eating out is very cheap in China. If you do have breakfast in the hotel you have two options. For U$8 you can have a standard English/continental breakfast on the top floor. It is ok but not brilliant. And the coffee is not good. The downstairs lounge/cocktail bar is better, you order good club sandwiches or another snacks from their menu. Not that cheap for either Chinese or Western standards though.Staff tried to be helpful but not everybody speaks English very well, or at all. Which can be a bit tiring but is very typical for China.In the end, with some pointing at words in my dictionary or travel guide, we usually got there. What is very useful though, is that they will provide you with cards which have the hotel address in Mandarin, a number of useful phrases and will write down to whatever address you need to go in Shanghai.Location is pretty good, a 5 minute walk from East Nanjing Rd and the Bund. The shortcut alley to E Nanjing Rd looks a bit dodgy, especially at night as it has few street lights, but we were totally safe. The alley also has some corner shops which is easy for snacks. We took cabs everywhere because they are incredibly cheap and available 24/7.	
Jan 2 2008 	Disapointing	Don't believe the name of this hotel, it may be on a riverside but isn't on the Bund. Its about 10 minutes walk away. We stayed for 4 days.The room would of been ok, all the normal amenities but the carpet was stained and flithy which was very offputting. Everything else was clean.Breakfast was served on the top floor which had a fantastic view but the buffet itself was disappointing. Limited choice, which wasn't replenished and barely warm. I decided to skip the buffet and go to the egg station, big mistake! The chef had no idea how to cook an omlette and I got a pile of seperate bits of yolk and white. The fried egg was no better, burnt on the bottom but not even warm on the top. There is a cafe on the ground floor which does basic snacks which was better but at an extra cost. We skipped breakfast and ate out after trying breakfast and never tried an evening meal.The reception staff were pleasant and helpful, writing down destinations and getting taxis etc.To sumarise, this isn't a horrific hotel but I wouldn't go back, I think there are better options in Shanghai.	
Dec 7 2007 	Would NOT stay here again	Avoid this hotel at all costs!The service desk personnel, except for the trainees, were awful: I was told that last tourist street map was given to the person immediately in front of me only to witness the same map provided to another patron just two minutes later. Another woman in our party, who spoke fluent mandarin, went to the front desk to exchange currency, at first only the large bills were provided to her. She then asked about the balance and Ms Chrise Wang, the front desk attendant, said that she would provide the balance after our friend signed the receipt. Our friend signed the receipt and Ms Wang proceeded to short change her again!! Our friend summoned the day manager to correct the problem – useless: Our friend did not receive the balance due to her and Ms Wang only signed the customer receipt and conveniently did not sign the hotel copy of receipt. We checked out after the second night instead of staying for the third.Except for the lobby, our hotel room and the interior were worn far beyond its age of only four years – the graffiti on the on the hotel exterior was the first bad sign. The one public internet computer is shares a fax machine on a crowded counter behind the concierge – no privacy and it cost 1 Yuan/minute. The hotel is also quite removed from Nanjing Road and the other clean westernized hotels.Our hotel experiences really took away from our overall enjoyment of Shanghai. We regret not having to check out some of the other tripadvisor reviews of this hotel - we would not have chosen this location.	
Dec 2 2007	Fantastic hotel great location	Great hotel, thumbs up here.This hotel is approximately 50mins from airport to hotel. Give or take the traffic can be a nightmare.Reception staff are really friendly and the service was with a smile cant fault it.The lifts were in working order, my room had a queen size bed, the bathroom was great had internet access if you needed it (must have your own notebook to do this) downstairs you had the chance to go to the business room if you needed the internet).My view out of the hotel was partial river and the other half was facing another apartment block. Push the blinds accross!! Great Location this hotel is approx 10 mins from Nanjing road shopping district. walk straight down the road and your in heaven!!So many shops !! it is seriously a shoppers paradise. One thing to be careful about is you will find many locals selling items which are either fakes or try to persuade to go down dodgy alley ways, consider this a warning whatever you do say NO. By agreeing to go with them, you are not thinking of your safety. There are many pick pockets and theives around nanjing road make sure you have a shoulder bag around the front of you. If you have a backpack make sure it is at the front of you at all times.This hotel was very handy and warned us about this problem that happens in the shanghai area. They were truely out there to help us.Breakfast is western size, a huge variety of cheeses and breads was in love with it!!!This was my favourite hotel in Shanghai, i could stay here again.I rate this hotel as an 4 star.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great location and facilities	We had been to Shanghai in the previous 12 months so were better prepared this time to select a hotel in the best location to optimise our 4 day stay. We were not disappointed with the Bund Riverside.After 15 hours travel the spacious area of our suite (Room 1218) was most welcoming. The huge king size bed had beautiful bed linen and although the mattress was very hard (it seems the norm for China) we both had a great sleep each night.The extra space was a bonus and the huge windowsills were great to dry our washing!!The bathroom was quite luxurious and the 4 bath towels in the room each day was an added bonus when you need to wash your hair. The shower nozzle was great and easy to adjust. There was plenty of room on the vanity unit to leave both sponge bags spread out. The bath was huge and there was plenty of room to soak after a hard day sightseeing.There was a good size television in both the bedroom and the sitting room. Controls were easy to work out and in addition to the Chinese channels there was also BBC World and CNN. There was a large flatscreen computer on the desk in the sitting room and it was easy to connect to broadband (after the willing assistance of 3 staff - the cord wasn't plugged in!!) Connection was 100Y for 24 hours. There was a bad stain on the carpet - it looks as if someone had spilt red wine. The whole carpet in fact looked as if it needed a good shampoo.Breakfast was included as part of our tarrif and there was an excellent selection of Asian and Western food. The egg chef cooked a great omlette while you waited. I still cant quite get used to other diners smoking while they eat at the adjoining table. We also had lunch in the cafe near reception - nice but quite expensive in comparison to other meals we had across the city.The location was what attracted us to the hotel in the first place and we were not disappointed. It was only a 5 minute walk through to the eastern end of the Nanjing Road shopping mall and the Nanjing Metro Station and a 15 minute stroll to the Bund. Although it was quite dark around the hotel at night and there was nothing open we felt very safe at all times.I would be quite happy to stay here again. Can't comment on the standard rooms and although the suite was expensive ($A245 per night bed and breakfast) it was a luxury I would be quite happy to repeat.	
Nov 2 2007 	Run down but cheap	The location is very good and the price is OK too. However it's an old hotel and the rooms are small and run down.My room was also next to the lift and quite smelly. I found it unusual that they charge (hefty) for broadband internet use, which is usually free in China.I would probably not stay again.	
Oct 9 2007	Location Location Location!	We concluded our 2 week sightseeing tour of China with a stay at the Riverside Bund. Our time in Shanghai included a day of leisure on our own and the hotel's location was perfect from the vantage of getting around easily (especially since the days before National Hoiday made getting a taxi impossible). Just a few minute walk to Nanjing Road, a happening 24/7 and an easy walk to People's Park (Shangahi Museum, Urban Planning Center) and the Bund, a great place for dinner), For the more adventurous, a walk across a nearby bridge, finds you in an where the locals shop. So, something for everyone a convenient walk away!We stayed in a room on the 15th floor with one of the best views of the city. Imagine our delight at seeing a fireworks display on the Bund from the comfort of our own room on two successive nights! We found the room to be very comfortable and the beds a little softer (more western style) than some of the other hotels in which we stayed. Breakfast , while a more limited buffet, included custom omelets and soft, freshly baked rolls, reminiscent of home.Overall, the hotel was a very nice end of our trip!	
Sep 28 2007 	great location	My husband and I are both travel agents and have stayed in many hotels around the world. This wasn't our favourite but it did have it's good points.The location is excellent - 5 min walk to Nanjing Road where there is plenty of shopping and underground stations. One stop on the underground to the other side of the river to get you to the TV toweretc. There are also 2 mini-marts close by to get snacks and cheap bottled water etc.The room was good as well - good size and the bathroom was a good size as well - only shower no bath.We found the beds the whole way through China to be very hard - this was not much different.Our only 2 issues were the staff. At breakfast they were not very attentive and the front counter - at concierge asked for a map and he had no idea what I had asked for - check in staff were fine though.	
Sep 18 2007 	not good	Stayed here 9th September. I had previously stayed in hotels in other areas of China and was quite impressed by the quality and standards of the hotels.First impression of this hotel was that it was grand until I reached my room which was quite small and very dull. There was no place to rest a suitcase and no room to walk about. the bathroom was practically in the bedroom.My main irk was that the room was not properly serviced dirty glasses were left and cups not taken away although the bed was made.The srevice at breakfast was no better as the staff seemed to ignore guests.The reception staff were unhelpful and kept carrying out other duties while I was trying to get help from them.If I was going to Shanghai again I would not stay here.The nicest thing about it was the glass lift which we used on a fea occasons!!	
Sep 10 2007 	Nice hotel	We booked a superior river view no smoking double room for a total cost of 74$ a night.The room, at 11th floor, was fairly large and very clean. The bed was a bit hard but soon find out that it is a standard in China. Toilet supply was fine and there are more items you can buy for a small fee. They supply 2 free small bottles of water every day.There were construction works near the hotel but the room was very silent.We had an impressive view from the window.We took maglev from Pudong airport and then subway to East Nanjing Road. Hotel is about 200 meters from the station. The location is good for Nanjing Road and the Bund, both walking distance. We used the subway to get to the other attractions.The reception was ok, the smiling trainee who received us (supported by a more expert collegue) was very nice and spoke good English.	
Jul 30 2007	Sweet Suite was worth the price	The Bund Riverside is a 3* hotel within an easy walk of the Bund and Nanjing Lu (pedestrian shopping street). Great location, set in a neighborhood that held no excitement (auto/machine parts) but seemed safe.My sisters and I splurged on a suite on the 17th floor for $150 per night and IT WAS SO WORTH IT. (regular rooms are OK, not large like our suite). Our view to the river and the Bund/Pearl Tower was DEAD ON from the big curved window (with a windowseat) in the bedroom. The suite was a very decent size. The living room was comfortable with a sofa, chair , TV and enough room to put a rollaway bed. (living room view was of the neighborhood).Bedroom held a king sized bed, comfortable enough (firm but not ungiving mattress), nicely decorated, and the large bathroom held a small stall shower and a big soaking tub. Breakfast ($8 per person addt'l) was OK, nothing exciting/nothing Asian, but great views from this top floor of the hotel. Airconditioning never got really cold but we didn't mind, it was cool and comfortable.All in all, a great value for great space. While the lobby is unimpressive (tiny), the staff was helpful (limited English spoken) and polite. Taxis were easy to hail and walking to Nanjing Lu took 5 minutes through the local neighborhood.	
Jun 22 2007 	Better hotels for your money	We stayed here from 7 June 07 for 4 nights. This hotel is quite central, however, you do have to walk up a dark street at night to get to the hotel. I felt perfectly safe as China is a very safe country, however, it could be very intimidating if you were alone. There was also work being carried out on the main pathway, which madeit slightly darker and dingier.  The reception area is very nice, the reception staff are friendly, but their English is very poor (although in fairness, my Mandarin isn't as good as their English!) however, the English in Shanghai is very good in comparison to Beijing. Our room was 1101 and was tiny, there was no where to put one suitcase, let alone two. I had mine on the dressing table &amp; my husband had his on top of the chest of drawers as there was literallyno floor space for a suitcase to sit, there wasn't even a suitcase stand in the room.  The carpet badly needed replaced, it was 50% covered in very old stains. After the first night in the room at a scorching 27C, I spoke to reception in the morning to report a fault with the air con. They said they would have it sorted for us coming back that night, however, when we returned the thermostat had been turned up to 25C, so I put it right back down again, but the room was no cooler. I went down to reception to report it again &amp; someone came up &amp; 'fixed' it. The following morning after another sleepless night I went and spoke to the manager. She claimed it was to save energy the rooms wouldn't get any cooler than the outside temperature! She agreed to allow us to move rooms as a bigger room would allow the air to circulate better.  Our second room 1318, was slightly bigger, although not much cooler but their was space for at least one suitcase on the floor, however, this floor was also filthy. Other than the carpet, the room was fairly clean.  The hotel also have a board up with the exchange rates, however they don't exchange travellers cheques, they will only give you Yaun from a credit card payment! Every other hotel in Shanghai exchanges travellers cheques for their guests except this one. The location was quite handy, and the hotel was cheap, however, I wouldn't stay here again. It was a 2 min walk to Nanjing Road and 5 min walk to The Bund &amp; the underground.	
May 16 2007 	Good combination of price and quality	We stayed at this hotel for 4 days in May 2007 . It is not cheap according to Chinese standard fares, but it is worth spending money. Great location, that allows you to reach main tourist destinations in just a few minutes, nice window view of the city (we lived on the 16th flow). Rooms are rather big, well decorated and clean. The breakfast is rather expensive and it may well be skipped, but for those who want to drink a cup of coffee overlooking the river and skyscrapes - come to breakfast room at the 18th floor. The plus is that they serve european breakfast and have nice juices.Be aware that if you haven't paid in advance for the hotel, they will ask you for the deposit (the sum of the whole payment). When you check out they give it back or change the necessary sum of them.Look carefully at the service tax. It is 15% there and is not inluded in the room fare. At least we reserved the room under this condition.On the whole, the hotel is great! Nice for business and holidays.And increadibly cheap comparing to such level of european hotels.	
Apr 23 2007 	Value hotel	This is a value hotel, you get what you paid for. Nothing fancy, just O.K. decent sized rooms,O.K. lobby, hallways are darkwood paneld, the beds are hard, The carpet had some stains on it. The soap and shampoos are not individual sized, just a built in in the shower, also there is a fee for all their amenities, the toothbrush, comb etc in the bathroom are not included, there is an addtional charge. The front desk speaks minimal English, the area is safe, not tourist shopping, this is the area for industrial supply stores. 10 minute walk to the Qipu shopping mall.	
Apr 13 2007	Average but inexpensive hotel	Average but relatively inexpensive (for Shanghai standards) hotel a few minutes walking distance north of the East Nanjing Road. The neighbourhood of the hotel consists almost exclusively of stores selling auto parts, tools, plumbing supplies etc. These shops close early in the day, and then the streets surrounding the hotel get pretty dark and somewhat spooky. However, the streets are busy during the day, and the East Nanjing Road with its bright shopping malls is only minutes away.The staff is friendly, and our room on the 16th floor was clean but somewhat small. The bathroom was large with a huge shower cabin. We were upgraded to river view free of charge (river view rooms are considerably more expensive than the standard city view rooms) and had a good view over the Huangpu river, the Pudong skyline with the Oriental Pearl Tower, and the Suzhou creek.The breakfast buffet is OK but nothing to phone home about (bread rolls, butter/jam, eggs, bacon, some vegetables, noodles, fruit, congee). Coffee in the lobby cafe is quite expensive; we payed RMB 88 for two mediocre Cappucini.	
Apr 1 2007 	never again!!!	as simple as this: we were in our room at 10pm when a noise started. After dealing half an hour with reception, they told us that the carpet in the restaurant in the highest floor was being replaced, &quot;but they will finish at midnight&quot;! well, after complaining without result, they finish at 1:30am. The morning after, the manager of the hotel offered us 20USD because it wasn´t a big deal, then they didn´t make noise the whole night.... in a very unpolite and despective behaviour. Well, the real problem is that they don´t care, and you can complain further, so be lucky in your stay or you will regret for hours having chosen this hotel. In my opinion is better to book an international hotel in Pudong or somewhere else near subway, which works perfectly and it´s very easy to get through.I needed to share my worst experience ever in an hotel.	
Mar 9 2007 	Top value for money	After a lot of research I found this hotel to offer the best value / location ratio in Shanghai. It is extremely central but only cost US$70 per night. Located around 5 minutes walk from the Bund, 5 minutes from Nanjing Road and its metro station, this is a brilliant location. Much more preferable to being stuck out in Pudong in the Hyatt or Shangri-La.The hotel has a very helpful concierge and nice cafe for breakfasts. The room was a very respectable size with massive shower cubicle and all mod cons. I will definitely stay here next time I'm in Shanghai.	
Jan 26 2007 	Great place to stay	This was my last night in China after enduring some pretty ordinary service and accomodation but I honestly thought that this place was great.Moderately priced, beautifully appointed, perfectly located for the Bund, Nanjing Rd and the Metro.Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 26 2006	Nice Hotel good location	This hotel is fine the view from some of the hotel windows is absolutely fantastic (see photo), the bar on the top floor lacks any atmosphere but we were in a big group so we used to go into one of the private bars and enjoy the scenery. The location is fine (altough it is a good 7 minute walk to the Bund). It is definitely well worth it particularly at night for the lights and also in the morning to see everyone doing their exercises. It's about 10 minutes walk to the Nanjing Road, which is great for shopping and once again the lights at night are fantastic. Shanghai is an amazing city so Enjoy!!!	
Nov 10 2006 	Great Hotel	Spent 4 nights at the Bund Riverside, We found the position was excellent, just 2 streets away from the hub, but easy walking distance. About a fifteen minute walk to the Bund.The staff were very pleasant and helpful, reasonable amount of english spoken. We asked for an upgrade and got it! The room was well appointed and very clean and comfortable. The exchange rate in the hotel was as good.Would stay again at this hotel without hesitation.	
Oct 19 2006 	Very nice hotel	This hotel is also known as the XinXieTong Hotel and the New Xie Tong Hotel.It has a great location 5 mins walk from Nanjing Road and 10 mins walk to The Bund, admittedly your 5 mins are a walk through a street with workshops and locals working on tools and machines, it is safe just not very glamorous!The hotel lobby is small with a few seats to relax and a bar off to the right, it is bright and clean, with plenty of marble, they turn the lights down at 11.30pm!There are 4 lifts, the one in front of you when you walk towards them is a scenic one, with a great view over the suzhou creek.The hotel corridors are very swish and stylish, the room also is of very good quality, a good size, even though I guess we were in the cheapest rooms, we had 2 double beds, which were comfortable and good linens, 2 chairs to sit and a table, TV, inroom safe, kettle, tea and a large windowsill that 2 people could completely sit on and look out over the Suzhou creek and Shanghai. Also in the room are slippers, plenty of towels and dressing gowns. The bathroom was massive (for a bathroom) well stocked, there was alsorts of items in the room all with a price on, if you wanted them. There were 2 complimentary bottles of water in the bathroom.The restaurant/breakfast room was on the 18th floor, with a fine view over to Pudong. Breakfast consisted of cereals, milk, yoghurts, fruit, cut up bananas, bread and a toaster, cooked items and a chef cooking eggs, as well as Chinese items. The room wasn't massive, so not sure what would happen if it got busy.All in all I thought this was a very nice hotel	
Oct 19 2006 	A very nice hotel	This hotel is also known as the Bund Riverside Hotel and the New Xie Tong Hotel.It has a great location 5 mins walk from Nanjing Road and 10 mins walk to The Bund, admittedly your 5 mins are a walk through a street with workshops and locals working on tools and machines, it is safe just not very glamorous!The hotel lobby is small with a few seats to relax and a bar off to the right, it is bright and clean, with plenty of marble, they turn the lights down at 11.30pm!There are 4 lifts, the one in front of you when you walk towards them is a scenic one, with a great view over the suzhou creek.The hotel corridors are very swish and stylish, the room also is of very good quality, a good size, even though I guess we were in the cheapest rooms, we had 2 double beds, which were comfortable and good linens, 2 chairs to sit and a table, TV, inroom safe, kettle, tea and a large windowsill that 2 people could completely sit on and look out over the Suzhou creek and Shanghai. Also in the room are slippers, plenty of towels and dressing gowns. The bathroom was massive (for a bathroom) well stocked, there was alsorts of items in the room all with a price on, if you wanted them. There were 2 complimentary bottles of water in the bathroom.The restaurant/breakfast room was on the 18th floor, with a fine view over to Pudong. Breakfast consisted of cereals, milk, yoghurts, fruit, cut up bananas, bread and a toaster, cooked items and a chef cooking eggs, as well as Chinese items. The room wasn't massive, so not sure what would happen if it got busy.All in all I thought this was a very nice hotel	
Oct 9 2006	Nice little hotel in a good location	The friendly front desk staff spoke enough English to get business done, including currency exchange. Our room was clean, and had the usual amenities; we were happy to find bathrobes and slippers. The only negative was that the coffee maker didn't work, and wasn't fixed, even though we had alerted the staff. Views of Pudong and the Suzhou canal were spectacular from our tenth floor room. Breakfast in the top floor restaurant was buffet-style, with a good mix of western and eastern items, including an omlette bar. The hotel is well-located, being steps from Nanjing shopping street, and a metro stop.	
Jun 23 2006 	Value for money		
Jun 1 2006	Good location!		
Apr 29 2006 	Nice clean hotel with good location		
Nov 23 2005	Clean Rooms but could be better overall		
Nov 14 2005 	Adequate But Nothing Special..Over priced		
Nov 11 2005	The View vs The Room at The Bund Riverside Hotel		
Oct 4 2005	Classy hotel value in the heart of Shanghai (Puxi)		
Aug 5 2004	Good Location		
Apr 9 2008 	Perfecta opción para quien busca calidad precio y buena localización!		
Dec 2 2007 	Buen hotel para el precio		
Nov 7 2007 	Mejor que la media		
Jun 16 2007 	Un albergo più che soddisfacente		
