Nov 14 2009 	A great place to stay for a few days	I stayed here for 5 days and really enjoyed the layout of the apartment (1 bedroom) and its proximity to Peoples Square and the subway - directly behind the Raddison Hotel.The apartments are cleaned everyday and I found all the staff friendly. I had vouchers for breakfast but only used them on one occasion. I preferred to find something down the street or drop into Starbucks which is 2 minutes away.The apartment is well layed out - the only thing it didnt have was a washing machine.	
Nov 8 2009 	The location can't be beat	Very near People's Square, it's on the 1, 2 and 8 subway lines, which can get you to many parts of the city quickly. Nanjing St., New World Shopping Center, ATM's, post office, pedestrian shopping area, &amp; Shanghai Museum all within very easy walking distance. Lots of little food shops nearby for stocking the kitchen. The reception staff were professional and courteous and were helpful with providing directions, writing notes in Chinese, etc. The housekeeping staff were very warm and friendly. The room was quite spacious and I appreciated the free internet as well as the iron, hair dryer, refrigerator, microwave, etc. The ONLY downside was the breakfast, which was just awful. The restaurant converts into a kind of Taylorist, production-line buffet later in the day and you can tell. The restaurant staff were downright surly and the food was bleak. Definitely not vegan or vegetarian friendly.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location – Basic Hotel !	We stayed at the Citadines in September for a couple of days and it was a good experience. The positives are – Location – That is a big plus. All the shopping streets are 5 mins walking distance and the metro station is close too so you can really get the feel of the city.Room - The room was basic but clean and well equipt with all the basics amenities of a hotel apartment.Business Center – There are a couple of PC terminals at the lobby which can be used to read about city and plan.They also allowed us a late checkout, assisted us with getting the cabs etc and finding out nearby ATMs.The Not-so positives are – Tour Information – there is not much information available regarding the city at the reception and there is this 1 guide book (no options) which u can take to get an idea so by the time you get a hang of it you have wasted too much time. Language certainly is an issue.Breakfast – First they had only issued 1 breakfast coupon for the 2 of us in the double room and after a lot of discussion the second coupon was issued but the breakfast was really bad / cold / stale. It’s better to book without breakfast and grab a sandwich from the Starbucks nearby.Overall it was a good experience for a quick rush.	
Oct 6 2009 	Not Perfect but Worth it!	Just went to SH for my fren's wedding during the very crowded National Holiday. We were lookin' for accomodation which is not expensive and good for travelling in group.I stayed in Citadines Shinjuku Tokyo earlier and was totally impressed. Therefore I have to say I'm a little bit disappointed if compare to my tokyo experience. However, when I look around the very very spacious 2 bedroom suite we've got, full equipped pantry and all necessary equipments including electronic vacuum cleaner....a BALCONY and 2 full shower/bathrooms which provide well balance private &amp; common area for each occupants during the stay....plus the very convenient location (block away from subway and heart of the city), this is actually a pretty good pick for those who's travelling in groups and looking for comfy but not crazily fancy accomodation! I admit that there are a lot of lacking...yet to be honest in Shanghai, you don't really need to dine in the hotel if you can easily find superb choices of any cuisine u wanna try.....I also admit that the service is not utterly great (they can't find my reservation even i gave them my print out confirmation note becos she wrongly type my first name in the last name space in the system.....not typing it wrongly once....), they are not bad if compare to average in China (sorry lthough i'm Chinese, i have to agree the service quality is never very reliable even in some really expensive spots) and they're helpful when you really need them (not so if you do'nt look like you really need some assistance) and they're cheerful most of the time at least!So i think i'll still go back to this hotel in future, cos it is cozy and spacious, kinda well maintained and clean...tho' not perfect but price worthy. Esp if you're travelling with groups of good fren and hunting for new excitement around the SH City, this place provide you more than enough!	
Sep 26 2009 	great location but lacking.	We recently spent 8 nights here on a business trip. The location was perfect and the 1 bedroom suite was spacious. There was small restaurant open for a very average breakfast. The only cereal on offer was fruit loops or honey puffs. The food was lacking in selection and quality. The staff could not speak english very well and it was difficult to discuss anything. There are really no other facilities at this hotel, no room service, no gym, no pool. What you do get is a spacious clean space in a top location for a very good price. For that it is worth the money, but certainly nothing to rave about.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great location great value	After reading many reviews about Shanghai hotels, I was expecting only bad experiences, but the two I chose (the Marriott Renaissance Yuyuan and the Jinjao Citadines) exceeded my expectations and satisfied all my requirements. Like all other Citadines where I've stayed, this one provides short and longer term studio, one and two bedroom apartment. My 1 BR apartment consisted of a separate full kitchen (not just a Pullman kitchen area off the living room) and separate bedroom and living room, and of course a full bath, with the basic toiletries (shampoo, soap, shower gel, toothbrushes and paste). The bedroom had a comfortable queen size bed and the living room also had a sleeper sofa, so this 1 BR could easily sleep four comfortably (sharing the beds of course). The property and furnishing all seemed new and were smartly furnished. My rear apartment (eleventh floor) overlooked a construction site and had an unobstructed view of the futuristic Raddisson New World and JW Marriott towers. The construction noise was nonstop 24 hours/day, but only seemed to bother me the last day. Currently, it would be difficult to find a hotel ANYWHERE in Shanghai where there is not construction nearby. It is possible that when this construction is complete, the view might be obstructed, but the apartments across the hall face Beijing Street and the small park across the street. My major criteria for selecting a hotel were convenient location, FREE Internet service, full included breakfast, English speaking staff, clean comfortable rooms and an affordable price. This Citadines scored a B+ pr better on all counts. The property is a five to ten minute walk to all of the following: the west end of the Nanjing pedestrian mall, several high end department stores and shopping malls with countless food courts with western menus, a near by street (to the west a few blocks) with many restaurants frequented by local Shanghaise, Peoples Square and Park and the metro center where the three major subway lies intersect (the 1, 2, and 8), the Shanghai Museum, Art Museum, Urban Planning Museum, and a bizarre stretch of shops just east on Beijing Street where you can find hardware, industrial parts, power tools, crack pipes, gears, and an eight story electronics mall full of kiosks selling semi conductor chips and every other part you would need to build your own computer or network one component at a time. (I'm not suggesting you shop there or even put this stretch of street on the top of your list, but you will no doubt be the only tourist walking through!) The Citadines provides two free Internet terminals in the lobby, and FREE wired Ethernet connections in all the rooms, albeit running somewhat slowly. The included breakfast were plentiful and varied every day, and included mostly Chinese and American fare (cold cereals, fried and / or scrambled or boiled eggs, breakfast meats, cooked vegetables, steamed buns, and always a lunch type entree or two, juices, coffee, tea, breads, etc.. While not fabulous, the breakfasts were more than adequate and changed enough daily so it was a week before I bored of it. For the money (I took advantage of a Citadines special sale price that ran between 550 and 650 ($75 - $85) total per day, the property was a great value compared to anyplace else nearby where the Internet would have been $10-$20 per day more. There was always someone at the front desk who spoke English well enough to conduct business and the staff were always friendly and helpful (which is not as common an experience as I would have expected elsewhere all around Shanghai). It seemed the majority of the guests were there on business and split 50/50 between Western and Chinese. Best of all there were no tour groups to contend with! The front desk does book tours though at what seem to be standard pricing. If you're looking for luxury five star accommodations (and Shanghai has plenty to choose from), this is not the place for you. But if your want a clean, comfortable stay in a convenient location at a good price, I'm comfortable recommending it.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great location with spacious rooms	This is a wonderful hotel right in the heart of the Nanjing road pedestrianized shopping street. It's about a 5 minute walk to the People's Square subway station and to the Nanjing road shopping street. Just down the road from the hotel is a small street where there are lots of little local restaurants and foot massage places (wonderful after a long day of sightseeing). There are a few excellent dumpling places along that street which have picture/english menus.We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite which was extremely roomy and comfortable. There is a separate kitchen and living room area with a sofa bed. The bed is rather hard so if you're not used to that it maybe a bit uncomfortable but that's typical in China... hard beds! We were on the 17th floor which had balconies where you could get good views of the city. There are two free internet terminals in the lobby to use. We had buffet breakfast for two included in our rate. The breakfast had a good selection of pastries and a few hot western and Chinese dishes. The one thing that was a bit odd was if you booked directly with the hotel, you only got 1 breakfast included in the rate for a 1 bedroom suite but if you booked it via another website (I used Agoda), it included 2 breakfasts for the room. We had hoped to take the Maglev when we arrived into Shanghai but arrived too late so ended up taking a taxi. We paid about 190 RMD for the taxi and from what I've read it seems like we paid a bit too much! On our way back we took the Subway/Maglev combo which was very quick and easy if you don't have much luggage.The hotel is excellent value. It's priced much lower than any of the hotels right on Nanjing Road. I've stayed at the Sofitel on Nanjing Road before and given the price difference between it and the Citadines, I would take the Citadines over it anyday.	
Jul 2 2009 	Highly Recommended	The hotel is a nice surprise for us. The one bedroom apartment is definitely a good solution for family with children – it has a queen size bed in the bedroom and a pullout sofabed in the living room. There is only one TV set but it is turnable, so one can either use it in the living room or the bed room. The apartment is spacious and well appointed, with a well equipped kitchenette and fridge!The hotel is very centrally located, 1.5 block away from People Square and the west entrance of Nanjing Road. Breakfast, included in our room rate, was very good with a great variety of hot and cold food. We booked the room via Expedia. For $72/nt (tax included), this hotel is already steal! I will definitely recommend it to anyone!	
Jun 3 2009 	Best value in Shanghai have stayed here about 6 times now	Quite simply the best value in Shanghai. Forget the mini bar, the concierge, the overpriced dining and the other 'features' of western hotels. Book a room here and fill your fridge with locally priced items, buy some DVD's (there's a player in every room), and kick back and enjoy Citadines Jin Qiao. Everything you'd want to see in Shanghai is on your doorstep. The first time I stayed here I was initially hesitant due to the seemingly unbelievable price. But it's perfect, and yes, the price is unbelievable! Best location in Shanghai, I keep going back for more.	
Mar 3 2009 	The Location 	The location and price is probably the greatest thing ever abt the citadines brand. This is a more affordable option of the Ascott group of service apartments in Asia.For 699 RMB, you get a one bedroom apartment with a well appointed living area and sleeping space. I tried both the studio and one bedroom option in Feb and have to say the RMB $100 is almost silly to save. For the extra $100, you get a bigger space to roam and relax after a day of exploring ShanghaiThis place is 2 streets away from the Nanjing Street and abt a 5 minute walk away from Renmin Square and MRT station which connects you to everywhere . The bund and New Heights restaurant (overated) is abt a 10 minute cab drive away in peak hour so the location is unbeatable. I stayed at the Ramada for one night and at double the price, I would gladly trade the Citadines at my next trip for the bigger space and the fully equipped kitchen, living space and modes.It comes standard with everything you expect of a chinese hotel above 500 RMB, all the amenities, umbralla, in room safe etc and great Tv channels.the big plus of the place is the free internet, available in room and also at the lobby computers. The breakfast is so-so but the service is unbeatable.they can book train tickets, get your flight tickets (although I recommend booking them via ctrip to save yourself the hassle) and get you a cab. security is tight. Get a room not facing the construction site and you will sleep like a baby ! The restaurant next door is a great spot to eat late in the night plus the very very convenient 24hrs Lawson just around the corner of the hotel	
Jan 4 2009	Great Hotel 	This hotel is perfect for leisure and business travelers. It is located very close to People’s Square and the local subway line. Our small group had nothing but good things to say about this hotel. The rooms are very large (one-bedroom suites). The kitchens are well equipped for guests wanting to cook in their rooms. We received a special room rate and extra benefits when through the hotels website. I will definitely stay at this hotel again on my next trip to Shanghai.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great value in Central Shanghai	I stayed here for 2 weeks in Jan 08. Citadines is part of the Singaporean Ascott Group which runs serviced apartments. Citadines is the lower end (Ascott is high-end, then Somerset), but still definitely much better than local chains and the price you pay reflects that. Serviced apartments mean no minibar, room service or concierge, but there is an equipped kitchen with utensils, stove, sink and fridge (at least in the 1 bedroom suites). Unfortunately, the closest supermarket I could find was about a 15 min walk away on Nanjing Road Pedestrian street. The location is unbeatable for the price &amp; quality. You can get cheaper, but it'll definitely be a local experience which can be quite shocking if you haven't traveled much in Asia. Citadines is quite a deal for an extended stay.The design is quite upscale but the materials are a little cheap. Despite being newly built, the hallway carpets are already showing some wear. Not all the staff speak English which may be a problem. Breakfast can get boring after a few days but has a variety of Chinese and western options.There is also a laundry room on the ground floor. I didn't try the gym.	
Sep 4 2008 	Might not be for everybody	Location has a downside, this being it is located on two busy inner city roads, so be prepared for traffic noise. If you can put up with no small face cloths in the bathroom, hairs all over the bathroom floor, coffee stained bed linen, the windowsill outside littered with cigarette butts, mould around the bathtub,a complicated slow elevator system then this hotel is good value. For RMB620 (64Euro / 91USD) you will get a decent size apartment with a seperate bedroom, a fully fitted out kitchen, good size living room with sound system and 1/2 a dozen international channels on the tv plus free internet access. Walking distance to Peoples Square station with access to Lines 1,2 and 8. Short stroll to Nanjing Road walking street and an easy walk to Peoples Park, Shanghai Museum, Grand Theatre etc.The apartments are comfortable and reasonably clean, although there is a bit of wear and tear. Bathrooms are small but acceptable. Good value for the price and to be located right in downtown is a bonus. So if you are not to fussy and prepared to accept the not everything is perfect than this is a good choice. Much better than the standard hotel room.	
Jul 23 2008 	Fantastic find!	My husband and I stayed here in October 2007 for a three night mini-break and let me tell you, this place was such a find! We were so pleased with our choice for the following reasons:LOCATION: It was only a couple of minutes' walk to Nanjing Road (where all the action is), People's Park, Shanghai Museum and then a little further to the Bund (you MUST have a cocktail at sunset at M on the Bund - such a view!). We caught a taxi from the airport as we arrived quite late at night and couldn't get a bus or train, but the fare wasn't too expensive. The hotel is located just off a main road so it's easy to find, and the neighbourhood seems very safe (the streets were well lit and there were always lots of people around, even late in the evening). There's also a convenience store just a few meters away.ROOM: We stayed in a 1br suite and it was great. Lots of room, exceptionally tidy and clean, modern, secure, had a little balcony, great little living room area. We normally just stay in smaller studio-style rooms but we really enjoyed having a cup of tea and putting our feet up at the end of the day in our little lounge and watching a bit of CCTV for giggles (we can't speak much Mandarin so we amused ourselves by adding our own dialogue...). The bed was great - nice n' firm, but not too hard. It also had its own well-equipped and modern kitchenette.FOOD: We always prefer to go out and 'forage' for our own local food rather than eat any meals in our hotel, so we were in heaven to discover that just around the corner for our hotel was a 'food street', with restaurants and little hole-in-the-wall outlets. If you stay here you MUST go to Fry's Dumpling Shop. We ate breakfast there every morning and stuffed ourselves for about $2 each. It was fun sitting amongst all the elderly neighbourhood folk, crammed into the tables, slurping away on the most delicious, juicy dumplings you'll ever taste... Seriously, we still dream about those dumplings!PRICE: I think we paid about US$117 a night, which, given the quality of the accommodation and location, was an absolute bargain. We actually felt like we should've paid more for our room - it was that good. Don't be put off by anyone who labels it a business hotel - think of it more as a comfortable base for exploring, without all the frippery of a regular hotel. We don't care much for staying in places just because the hotel lobby is particularly swish or the on-site restaurant or breakfast is great, but we still felt that this was a lovely hotel with a clean, modern feel to it.And don't listen to anyone who complains about construction noise in Shanghai. It's a city that's developing at such a phenomenal pace that there's construction going on everywhere. We rather enjoyed peering down from our balcony at all the workmen below - and then shutting it all out in the evening when we went to bed (the windows were quite soundproof).Also note that a little Mandarin goes a long way in Shanghai - you'll need a phrasebook to ask for things like an extra pillow. But isn't that all part of the fun of travelling overseas?Yes, we will definitely return to Citadines Jinqiao if we get to Shanghai again and heartily recommend it to others.	
Jun 22 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	My family stayed in one-bedroom unit and we were comfortable. It has a queen-size bed in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room where the 2 kids slept. The small kitchen has compelete equipment.The location is very convenient, a short walk going to Nanjing Road. It is actually on a boundary between East and West Nanjing. If you are coming from People's Square, there is a small road beside Radisson Hotel where you can take a short cut to Citadines.The breakfast was good except that they served exactly the same main dish for two consecutive days. The staff were all accommodating. They gave us extra pillows, water, blankets. Everything was clean. Overall, we had a great time. We loved the place, the kids called it our second home.	
May 9 2008 	fine but tired physically	my office in shanghai is on nanjing west road and huangpi. with the radisson new world's prices creeping up over the past year, i decided to stay at the citadines because of the reasonable price.i enjoyed the location. proximity to the subways and the pedestrian walk of nanjing east road is great.rooms are very basic. no carpets on the wood floors. beds were a bit hard and the bathroom a bit small. hallways are a bit tired. carpets looked like they had not been cleaned in a while. the &quot;gym&quot; was a converted one-bedroom with only two machines in it.breakfast buffet is good value at Rmb45 per person.conclusion: you get what you pay for.	
Apr 28 2008 	Dark long corridor...	I stayed for 1 nite on 25 April, in the Studio room. This was my final nite in China, and was travelling alone.The room was alright, bright with standard hard bed.However, the toilet was a bit dark, with yellow lights.The corridor was worse, I stayed in room 1509, and had to walk a bit from the lift. The corridor was not properly lit up, some lights were not on, hence it was kind of eerie. And although it is close to train station, there is a construction site just beside the hotel. Meaning you have to walk past it before reaching the station. I came back at night around 9pm to find it rather dark. I will not recommend any single gal to stay here unless (1) ask for a room near the life (2) take a cab back when you are coming back late.However, the plus point is that it is very near to the famous clothing market - qi pu lu. About 10 mins by cab.	
Apr 26 2008 	I can see why westerners like it	I stayed one night at the Citadines.It’s clean, and the apartments are well designed.If I was in Shanghai for over two weeks I could see the benefits, but it’s not designed for only a couple of nights.As a tourist it will seem cold and as a business stay there is nothing at the facility on the whole. I know I will attract negative reviews by taking this position but I am sticking to my opinion. The attached restaurant (French style) is very very average. The staff are great but the food is overpriced and boring. The only buffet meal offered by the hotel is breakfast and even that is limited. In all the rooms well designed and new..Yes.Heaps of westerners to talk with..Yes.Need to make your own fun? You sure do!!...because it’s not under that roof.	
Apr 20 2008 	best location in shanghai	We stayed at the Citadines for 4 nights, after 3 weeks of traveling China. For us, it's been like being at home, after so many nights at hotels rooms . It's been wonderful to have a separate living room, a small but yet fully equipped kitchen and the wonderful &quot;serpa&quot; delivery service which the hotel is connected with, whom provide food delivery from the best restaurants in the city within 40 minutes. The apartment is small but very functional, clean and nicely decorated. The staff is very nice, but only part of them are speaking English, and not so well.There is a free internet at the lobby, and a small seating area with newspapers. The location is amazing, just five minutes walk from Nanjing and the people square, just behind all the posh hotels as Radisson new world and Meridien.The price we got through the hotel site was unbeatable and very low for shanghai.The only complaint I have is that they didn't mention the launderette at the hotel, and suggested their very high priced laundry services which we used.	
Mar 25 2008 	Location Location	As i've made a decision to always look out for ascott groups accomodation first anywhere i go, i chose Citadines Jinqiao as the other Acsott properties are a bit steep. Had a great time in Somerset Makati hence my expectation was kinda higher when i arrived Citadines. It is not up to my expectation but it is stil up to its Ascott property standard. It's very clean, the staff are very kind, friendly and helpful. Surprisingly the breakfast is so much better than what i had at Somerset Makati. I had the 1 bedroom apartment. It's compact but nice. All the kitchen utensils are available and this includes a small dishwasher which is very practical. Do not drink from the tap water. It tastes very strange even for the fact that i've boiled it twice! The sofa bed in the living room is really cosy and i loved it. The place is quite small but i guess Citadines are made for that. Intended for young single executives. Location is great. It's walking distance to everywhere. There's a coffebean and a family mart (convenient store) at the corner of the hotel hence making this place a very convenient place to stay in this vibrant ever busy (and full of contrsuctions) city of Shanghai.	
Dec 27 2007 	Conveniently located	This place is quite conveniently located, near to People's Square and Nanjing Road. Restaurants and fast food joints are plentiful in Nanjing Road area, so food was not a concern.We stayed in the one bedroom unit with a sofa bed in the living room area. The first few days was woken up by sounds of banging. There was a note on the table notifying us that this was due to the redecoration of parts of the building next to it. However what struck me was that the hotel should have put us at the other end, as when we made our booking, they knew that we had a small child with us. Thankfully the banging wasn't at an unbearable level.The breakfast wasn't too bad, except for the yucky coffee. At RMB40 and child RMB20 it was quite a good spread. The lobby area is quite nice and underutilised when we were there, especially the reading and tv area. One evening my family and I went to read the newspapers and as it was becoming dark, the staff quickly came to turn on the lights for us. Staff wise, there are good points and bad points. Some staff were attentive and helpful, some were the total opposite. The doormen noted down the taxi's numbers most of the times when we arrived or left and this is a good practice. We had to change room on the last day as the heater/airconditioning unit decided not to function properly. This surprised me as there was no maintenance staff to check this matter immediately. They sent the cleaning crew to see what was the matter and because they could not sort it out, they just decided to move us to a new room. Overall we had a pleasant stay and would stay there again.	
Dec 25 2007 	Cleanest Place in Shanghai	It was my first time to Shanghai &amp; we booked 5 nights at Citadines Jinqiao Hotel partly because of the first &amp; only review I found here. Now there are more &amp; I'm gladly adding my own. The rate was very affordable at around Rmb500 considering it's rated 4 star. Indeed, the location is very ideal. We took the Maglev from the airport then the subway. It was just a few minutes walk from the exit 6 of the People's Square metro station. Turn right from the hotel &amp; you can find the Family Mart convenience store as well as a Starbucks. About 3 blocks to the left is Huanghe Road where one can find a lot of local restaurants that stay open late. Our room faced a small park &amp; it was quiet at night with not much noise from the street. It is a short walk to Nanjing Lu. Walk east for about 20 minutes &amp; you reach the Bund passing by local hardware stores. Aside from it's location, the best thing about the studio room we booked was it's cleanliness. In our experience, it seemed to be the cleanest place in Shanghai. It also had a microwave, fridge, dishwasher, iron, in room safe, kettle, stove &amp; utensils, etc. as it is an apartment hotel. The room key card that you need to use in the elevator sometimes took long to work in the elevator that you have to try inserting both sides. The toiletries were basic, nothing special but the towels were spotless white. The tap water tasted strange so we had to gargle with the bottled water which is the only safe water to drink in Shanghai. Breakfast was so so but was still a good value for RMB40. Beware to use the correct date on the breakfast voucher as they will not honor past dated voucher. We just tore the topmost vouchers without checking the date. I argued with the front desk that this should not matter and they should have warned us. They insisted that the breakfast provider at the hotel is actually a separate company from the hotel. They then just agreed to give us one complimentary breakfast. Some breakfasts, we just looked for xiao long bao outside the hotel. The English speaking staff were very helpful, even spending quite some time with me figuring out how to use the IP card. The doorman almost got us ripped off though when he tried to give us an unlicensed maroon taxi as we were leaving for the airport but just in time a lemon green Dazhong taxi dropped off an arriving guest so I insisted on taking it instead which fortunately had a jolly driver who spoke a little English which was rare in our stay. Overall, we were quite satisfied with our stay in this hotel. We'll most likely stay here again should we go back to Shanghai.	
Dec 6 2007 	Excellent service and amenities. New 	We stayed in the studio - it has a dishwasher, toaster, microwave, induction hob, and all the pots/pans/utensils that you will need. Everything looks really new. Room very clean. 5min walk from 2 subway stations and 5min walk away from 1 end of the famous Nanjing Pedestrian Mall. Good service from staff, who were very helpful and could speak English. It was pretty cold in Shanghai but the room was toasty warm - almost stuffy so we took off our thermals &amp; opened the windows for some cool air. 2nd night we figured how to turn the fan function on the air conditioner so it was much better. Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 30 2007	brilliant value	Prior to being put up by a conference company in the uber luxurious Grand Hyatt, myself and my wife wanted some slightly more affordable accomodation in Puxi for a long weekend.For what you get Citadines is great value in a seriously good location. At RMB650 a night for a one bedroom unit we were certainly not complaining.The emphasis is on the practical, but with a separate living room and bedroom, and decent sized, well equipped kitchen, it feels more like home than a hotel. The bed is comfortable, there is good working desk, in the living room, and always like to have a sofa and coffee table.The location just behind the Radisson is superb. This gets an excellent rating simply for being such good value for money - in a city where hotels are getting increasingly expensive.	
Nov 21 2007 	Great Stay at the Citadines	We stayed in this hotel for 6 nights at the end of October - the hotel is very clean and the staff are very friendly although few of them speak English which made directions a bit tricky. However those who did speak English were very helpful and would write the name of the location for us which we needed when getting taxis. The room was a good size - there was a microwave, sink and even a little dishwasher there which was cool. The room and the hotel were spotlessly clean. The breakfast was good value - but slightly over priced.The location of the hotel is ideal it is only a 5 minute walk to Nanjing Road - so even if you dont have a good sense of direction you can always find your way back to the hotel. Another bonus was the free Internet access provided in the lobby.I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Shanghai - it seemed to be very popular with business people but there were still quite a few tourists there - I would stay there again	
Feb 14 2007	A Practical Alternative	I stayed at the newly renovated Citadines Shanghai Jinqiao for 2 nights in a 1-BR suite. The property is well-located for those who prefer to be near Nanjing Road. It is only a block away from all the shops (and mayhem) of this pedestrian street which seems to be ground zero for shopaholics. Citadines is also conveniently close to 2 metro stations making it very easy to check out popular places like the hip Xintiandi area. It is also a very short cab ride away to the colorful bazaars of Yuyuan Gardens. The property occupies a rather drab looking building which I'm sure used to be something else prior to the takeover of Citadines. The decor throughout the apartment-hotel is simple and devoid of anything grand. The halls leading to the units are also sparse and utilitarian. The apartment units, while simply furnished, are very clean and one can only marvel at the sheer amount of closet space available. The attached kitchen is nicely equipped with all modern conveniences and utensils so this should be good news for long-staying guests. There is a small dining area off the lobby which serves breakfast and other light meals. The greatest advantage of staying at Citadines Shanghai is the very reasonable rate they quote for their units. I paid the equivalent of US$100.00 for a large room in an apartment-hotel so close to Nanjing Rd., a premium area quite known for hotels which charge at least US$200/night (Le Meridien, Radisson, JW Marriott). I was quite satisfied with my choice of accomodations and I will surely stay there again.	
Jan 29 2009 	???????????		
