	Great weekend!	We spent a delightful time in the Presidential Suite and I recommend this hotel highly as the service is excellent and the General Manager and his lovely wife are very charming hosts!	
Nov 15 2009 	Superb Hotel	We never expected Ramada to be so luxurious. We were ther 3 nights for business and were very impressed.The staff was amazing friendly and helpful, i had never seen such an extended breakfast. The Hotel is not the most modern hotel I have seen but they make up for it with their friendly staff and services. The room is very comfortable, big TV with CNN, HBO, AXn and other western movie channels and what I always find important is a spacious and clean bathroom.If you want to stay in Pudong the hotel is definitely worth the room rate.	
Nov 1 2009 	An example of excellence!!	L.s.I travelled with a partner / colleague of mine to Hong Kong and later to Shanghai and we were both surprisingly treated with one of the best hotel services we experienced since a long time in the Ramada Plaza Pudong. The hotel staff went all the way in their efforts to make our stay a pleasant and comfortable one. Their attention to detail was extreme and we can only recommend this hotel to everyone visiting this region of China, as a business visitor or as a tourist. Thank you ‘Ramada Plaza Pudong Shanghai.	
Sep 21 2009 	Smelly rooms noisy elevators got back home sick...	Typical Chinese business hotel, but business only. Room was smelly, no decent western television, elevators were very noisy and on my way back home I already had to take some asperine in the plane because of having become sick. Staff are ok, but nothing more than that. Food was good, but hey - where isn't food good in China? The location is ok, but if you pay just a little bit more a stay at the Pudong Renaissance a bit down the road is well worth the extra RMBs!	
Sep 16 2009 	everything I expected	This was my first stay in the Ramada Plaza Pudong. It is everything you expect as a business traveller. Reasonable close to the ariport, good, clean rooms, enough fitness/relax possibilities, friendly people.. Price/quality is also ok. I will certainly return.Jan Verschroeven, Maasmechelen, Belgium	
Sep 7 2009 	not worth the room rate	We were there last week for business and we stayed Monday-Friday, prime reason we picked this hotel was because it was near to our customer's factory, and it was the only reason that kept us there, By Friday afternoon we couldn't wait to get out quick enough... the place was dated and furnitures old and tired, the bed was so hard we had back pain after the first night, the water that came out of the bathroom tap had an awful odor, and for me what was unforgivable was that they had no hot water - imagine a luke warm bath or shower after a long hard working day... We will not return there again next time we visit our customer, we could have paid cheaper to stay elsewhere. Staff attitude was OK, but couldn't make up for the unpleasant stay.	
Jul 27 2009 	Catch the pulse of Shanghai	If u wana be in the city centre, in sync with the beat..this is a nice place to stay, just dont go there looking for tranquility.	
Jun 15 2009 	Stay here if location is right for your business seek alternate location for pleasure	I stayed here for 4 nights with my wife in May. She was traveling for business while I went along with her for pleasure. We extended her business trip into a vacation to Vietnam. This hotel was recommended by her employer's Shanghai office since it was across the street. I would recommend this hotel for business but not for pleasure. We were put on the executive floor with an &quot;executive lounge&quot; serving overpriced beverages and snacks. For my pleasure side of life, I had to take a cab to get to the subway so that I could then get around the city to more interesting places. The life around this hotel feels oddly suburban, as it is surrounded by a western type business park full of western companies, apartment towers. If you stay here and your company is not paying, buy your water and beer at the Family Mart down the street where it costs 10% of what it does in the hotel.This hotel location does have a few western places to eat nearby, but there are some more interesting places in Shanghai. We actually stayed 1 additional night in Shanghai during a 22 hour layover at the end of our trip. This time we stayed at the Pudong Courtyard Marriott and it was a much nicer room, slightly more interesting street life, and for a comparable weekday rate, it was 20-30% less money this this Ramada.	
Jun 10 2009 	END OF THE TRIP	this hotel is really very good with a lot of comfort.It was the end of my trip in China and I was pleased by the quality of the room .There is a very good shop for the last shopping	
Jun 9 2009 	Great hotels especially for long stay guests	This hotel is located outside the busy, crowded and noisy downtown area. Located in JinQiao an more expat area with lots of restaurants (I counted 40 within 1 mile from the hotel). The area is nice, green and quiet, so more or less the opposite of downtown. Still downtown is not far away, by taxi 10km or go to Science &amp; Technology (/ FakeMarket) (±6km) and take the Subway from there.The restaurants of the hotel (1 chinese 1 large 2 openkitchen (Western / Italian &amp; Japanese Restaurant) are great and the breakfast is huge. For breakfast you have a choice between a large western variety or a large asian variety, both are great. Staff is really polite and helpful.The hotel also offers a lot of meeting / business rooms and because it's located in the New Import &amp; Export Business Center, ideal for long stay guests.I would deffinetly recomment this to my friends !!	
Apr 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for my business travel to China. Our office is nearer, which is main advantage to select this hotel. This is also not so far from airport (may be 30-45 minutes).Rooms are great and views from the room are also wonderful. Food is good, and services are better. It has nearby an Indian restaurant which solves problem for vegetarian guys like me.Per night it costs about 1000 RMB.	
Aug 25 2007 	Your basic business hotel	The hotel provides basic traveler services. The breakfast is actually quite good (and came free with my room). There is a basic gym and decent pool. The staff are reasonably helpful. Unlike others, I don't seem to have had a communication problem.The internet service also came free with my room; however, it was a bit unreliable.The rooms are large and clean &amp; the bed is comfortable (maybe a bit too comfortable!).The biggest down-side for this hotel is that to get to Shanghai you need to take a 20RMB taxi ride of 15-20 minutes--just to get to the metro. If you want a taxi into the PuXi section of Shanghai (where all the tourist stuff is), it takes longer and costs much more. I typically did the metro thing as the metro is fast, clean, safe, and doesn't ask me if I want a &quot;massagee&quot;.	
Aug 6 2007 	Value for money questionable	Stayed here for 5 nights whilst on business in Shanghai. Booked into the executive floor &amp; used the Upper Deck Lounge for checking in &amp; out.Upper Deck Lounge totally lacked atmosphere &amp; was very basic. Girls on the desk were pleasant, but not all had great english, causing a level of confusion.Efficient service in the bars, but again both bars seemed to lack atmosphere. The main one appeared to be used just prior to guests heading out for the evening or for a night cap.My bedroom was very spacious, clean &amp; comfortable. No complaints at all in this area. High speed internet access also available in the room.Ate breakfast in the main buffet restaurant daily &amp; found the choice &amp; quality to be very good. Ate lunch there one day too &amp; found the choice and quality to be excellent!Location of the Hotel is fine. Walked to a couple of restaurants from there, which took about 15/20 mins. More on offer further a-field, but those trips would require taxis.	
Jan 9 2007 	Distant from city in Pudong area but comfortable expat community area	Stayed here on business trip for 6 months, with my small family of 2. The establishment offers service apartments (back of building) and hotel rooms (front).Check-in was a breeze, some of the front desk staff are good english speaking, while others are a challenge. We stayed in few units throughtout, varying in layout and size. But overall, the size is good enough for a small family starting from 60 sq/m price around USD2000 per month. Kitchen is open concept for 1 or 2 bedroom units. Broadband is free (generally free and easily available in China) and everything else is complete and clean.From the airport, this is about 30 mins drive, as both are in the same new territory of Shanghai ie. Pudong. The city is another 30 mins or so, in the older territory ie. Puxi. There is no train station nearby ie. closest would be at science center about 10 mins drive.Surrounding area is basically an expat community. Mostly are people who wants to escape from the old bustling traffic congestion of Puxi or are working in the new territory (down the road 15 mins walk, there are many factories and industrial parks) or have children studying nearby (plenty of private schools). A walk of 15 mins (opposite end of industrial parks) would reach a shopping center with Carrefour, hair salons, fast foods, food courts, specialty grocery store, spa, fitness club, huge sports shopping franchise (Decathlon), hardware megastore, more more pub/restaurants (japanese, american, italian, vietnamese, of course chinese, etc.). Amenities are aplenty. The weekends would have families hanging out in this very area, next to a park, while sipping Starbucks coffee and dogs running around, football games, rolling on the grass, etc..... bazaars and fairs going on.If tired of nearby surroundings, a short cab ride around Pudong would take no longer than 15 mins to reach huge Pudong parks and other shopping areas (Thumb plaza) or Times Square Pudong or Pearl Tower, etc..In short, this area is superb for families. But for young couples looking for action, better to look somewhere in Puxi.	
Oct 24 2004	nice but far from downtown	I accompanied my husband to Shanghai on business. While he worked, I spent my days shopping, sightseeing and spa-ing. This is a very nice hotel - good service, good food, clean and comfortable rooms. It is perfect for the business traveller, but quite a trek for a vacationer to commute to the other side of the river where almost all good shopping and sightseeing is located. Your best bet is to take a taxi to the nearest subway station (costs under 20 RMB in August 2004) then take the subway across the river - much faster than by taxi the whole way because traffic is almost always busy in Shanghai.	
Nov 6 2009	Ramada plaza: een unieke ervaring		
Jan 8 2008	Perfetto prima di partire		
