Nov 20 2009	Nice Hotel; Very Modern	We spent a night at this hotel during our China tour. I didn't notice the dirty carpets that others have complained about in their reviews. The breakfast was excellent and is served in the atrium that offers a gorgeous view straight up the inside of the towering building, with giant scrolls running down the walls. Our room (not sure if it was a standard or not, since our tour group booked it for us) was very nice and came with some additional features like a washer/dryer, which is handy if you've been traveling around and have accumulated a pile of dirty clothes (and laundry service is EXPENSIVE). The inside of the hotel was very beautiful and modern.	
Nov 16 2009 	keep your slippers handy	just returned from the galaxy hotel...Checked in all looked fine. Got up to the room and all I can say is DIRTY. Carpets looked like a construction worker had tried to ground mud into the carpet. afraid to take off our shoes...found the slippers and put them on as a barrier to the carpet. Not sure all the towels had been replaced...so climate change be darned we put every single towel in the tub to be changed. not that close to the subway....but a 10 minute walk got you to a line that let you transfer to line 2 and all of the sights of shanghai. loved the city but not the hotel.....	
Sep 1 2009 	Mutton dressed as lamb	I stayed at this hotel to attend an exhibition at the Exposition. Its certainly not as local is made out on the information I got, and its a good 20 minute walk (and you have to cross some major 10 lane roads) to get there! This hotel is ok - the second room I got was ok, having rejected the first on the basis that it was dirty (there were stains all over the bed covers...) Although my room had been prepaid (and guaranteed) by one of the worlds largest business travel agents, I still had to pay DOUBLE the room rate per night up front on either a credit card (not as a pre-authorisation, as an actual transation) or in cash. None of the staff speak more than a few words of English either - making it rather difficult.The major problem of this hotel is the dining - breakfast is expensive by western rates (15 Euros) for quite a limited buffet - and other meals are far more. I never had more than basic meals in the other restaurants as the quality was horrific, and the cost was very high... Beer at the bar/restaurant is horrifically expensive, at 4.50 Euro per bottle of cheap beer. There were a lot of things that really bugged me during this stay - like the chinese waitress who began to lay the table for the next customer literally seconds after I had finished my meal and was still drinking (!), to the terrible layout of reception and the other parts of the hotel and having to pay for everything upfront, twice over. (internet, mini-bar). Also, if you want to sit in the bar at night (which is terrible and 8 dollars a beer) you'll need to be able to tolerate the horrific chinese renditions of western love songs, sung daily by a cheap, tired group from 7-11pm. I ended up drinking beer with my iPod on just to drown it out.I got room service on one night, and after eating something and thinking &quot;this is a bit cold&quot; I got violent food poisoning for the next 12 hours. This hotel is not near the center of anything - its a 30 RMB taxi to downtown, and more to other tourist spots. The hotel appeared nice when I first arrived, but during my 5 night stay I learned to really despise it. This was made even worse when I when for dinner at the Rennaisance just 400 yards away (which was 30% more for a room) and it was in a different league. It was like taking a cheap, tacky Chinese hotel (which the galaxy is) where hookers hang out every night, and comparing it to a beautiful western hotel with chinese influence and amazing bars and evening entertainment. I was gutted. this was a really bad choice for me - next time its anything but the Galaxy.	
Jun 14 2009 	With Good view of Shanghai	Nice Hotel with good amenities and ample room space. Covers good view of Shanghai from hotel room and lobby.Thanks to the room and interior heating system which makes us to forget that we are in a city where outside temperature is sub zero. Located in the heart of city and having good connectivity with main attractions of city. Nice Cuisine with Shanghai's Famous Crab	
Jun 11 2009 	Good Hotel if English is not needed	Stayed here for one night as we could not get accommodation in Renaissance for our full stay in Shanghai.It is located in the same business district as Renaissance and costs something like 70% of what Renaissance charges.A good value for money at the price you pay with all standard business facilities as well as a pool and gym.The downside is the fact that not many of the staff members speak English or can help you if you ask a question in English.As it was my first trip to Shanghai, it was difficult to make them understand what I want (unlike the Renaissance where you are at home).The rooms were good as was the bathroom and the linen.	
May 14 2009 	Cheaper than a Five Star	I moved here from my return from Jinan as this Hotel was cheaper than the Renaissance Yangtze...and I wish I hadn't. This Hotel is huge! No personal touch at all and full of loads of tourists and tour Operations. The Housekeeping staff went to the extent of trying to charge me for water and sanitary napkins without a bill. There was no breakfast place and the measly sandwich I could pick up in the Lobby was overpriced. Definitely not my kind of place, but OK just to spend a night or so.	
Jan 20 2009 	Highs and Lows	Its really quite hard where to start describing the Galaxy as it tries to be all things to all people. Its well located in Shanghai for most business areas and perhaps has a better western food selection than most other hotels I've stayed in in Shanghai. (The breakfast is great..) Also the view from the top floor (32nd floor) bar, on the odd clear night that you get is just fantastic, (well worth the extra you pay for the drinks..). The ammenities are great, shops, barbers, selection of restaurants, bar, even a Karaoke style and full nightclub are here, as well as the usual sports and gym activites. (so you will never be bored in the evenings..)I imagine when the hotel opened it was very grand, however it now looks very tired and in need of a good clean, also you are likely (western business men espicially), to get followed in by girls, off the street, and bothered by other locals, even as far as the girls will try and get in your room. The hotel staff seem to turn a blind eye to this, as do the local police.At night unless you are brave enough to try and take a taxi somewhere, there is very little to do or see around the hotel area, and again if you do venture out you will soon be approached by girls.Not a bad hotel for a short business stay, but not one for the family or longer vacation and please Galaxy.. Get the cleaners in..	
Sep 20 2008 	Old and dirty Hotel do not book this hotel!	The hotel was not remodeled for the last years, therefore you will find dirty carpets and bathrooms and beds. When you arrive at night a lot of chinese girls wait for you to come to your room...The breakfast was o.k. but very expensive (about 20 USD) Never again!	
Jun 5 2008	Very Nice but out of the way	We just returned to Canada from staying at the Galaxy in Shanghai on our tour. The hotel lobby on the 1st and 2nd floors are very elegant. The hotel room was nice but nothing exceptional. The carpets were dirty as were the other two hotels we stayed. The breakfast was better than average and the service was great. The reception staff were not very interested or helpful when we asked about getting one bed instead of two.We went for a walk around the area and found it was not in the best location. However it was great for our bus tour as it was near all the tourist attractions we visited.	
Apr 30 2008	FILTHY CARPETS	I escorted a tour to China and our group stayed 2 nights at the Galaxy Shanghai. Although in the middle of nowhere, the first impression of this large convention hotel was excellent....beautiful huge lobby, bar with live entertainment, nice restaurants and friendly bell boys. When we got off the elevator on the 10th floor, I remarked that the rugs in the hallway definitely needed shampooing. They were filthy. At first glance the room looked ok, perhaps a bit &quot;tired&quot; for a 4 star hotel and in need of re-decorating...but then I noticed the carpet...every square inch of the carpet was filthy, filthy, filthy! I mean ground in &quot;mud&quot; ! I have been a travel agent for 30 years and have never seen anything like it. Our group had 7 rooms booked on the 10th &amp; 14th floors, and every room was the same. One room also had cups filled with tea from the previous guests still sitting on the dresser. Everyone in my group commented this hotel was absolutely disgusting and in a bad location. Better to stay in the area of Nanjing Road.	
Mar 18 2008	Good location for the price	This hotel was well located (if it's possible to be so in Shanghai) Best shopping was at the Pearl International Market which was a $2 cab ride away...slightly further, the &quot;Bazaar&quot; had all the 'local' goods and the sellers were wiling to bargain. I dont' recommend the hotel restaurant (except for the hot dogs which were awesome!) as they put whipping cream on the baked potato! Great for a laugh but not real tasty. The rooms were spacious and well appointed....and quiet. The staff was very helpful with everything including taxi drivers. I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Nov 17 2007	Well run hotel	My wife and I stayed at this hotel in September 2007 for 4 nights as part of a group tour.We found the hotel to be more professional than the other hotels on our tour. The staff were friendly and helpful.Our room was decent and clean without being anything spectacular. The beds were hard as per everywhere else in China. Galaxy has a smallish gym with good equipment, but no pool. This hotel had the best buffet breakfast of our tour hotels - good quality and a wide variety of food. For snacks and groceries, we walked to the Parkson Grand, which has a supermarket downstairs. The Friendship store is closer but more expensive. We had an excellent foot massage just down the road from Parkson (there are big &quot;massage&quot; signs pointing down the street). There is probably not much in the way of tourist attractions near the hotel. It is about a 20 minute taxi-ride to the city. The park nearby was vibrant at night, with locals dancing and singing. Overall this is a nice hotel that offers good value and professional service.	
Oct 18 2007	Great Place The Galaxy	We were with a tour group and enjoyed our 4 night stay at this hotel. The atmosphere was good and the breakfast which was included had an excellent selection. We did have room service on one night when we arrived at the hotel late and it was rather slow coming but an enjoyable pasta meal all the same. One thing we found really strange that we were asked to pay cash when we were guests of the hotel. This was the 1st time that this had ever happened to us. We also had this same problem with our laundry so my husband went down stairs and paid directly at reception. We did find that some of the staff had very poor English.We had supper one night in a very nice bar area, the service was excellent and nothing was too much bother. There was nice piano music which created a nice ambience.Our room was large with two double size beds and nice clean bed linen with a good size bathroom. It was not a luxury type room but definitely adequate There were tea making facilites replenished each day and bottled drinking water supplied.One thing should be mentioned is the fact that this hotel may appear to be close to the airport but in fact it is at least an hour or more away &amp; longer in peak traffic from the Pudong International Airport. Many people have made this mistake and ended up at the other airport which is used more for Domestic flights . The very fast train is a good option to get to Pudong but the time table currently only starts just after 7.00am and if you have an early flight is perhaps not possible. Certainly something to be considered when booking flights.	
Sep 7 2007 	Good hotel not a great area for exploring	While the convenience to Hongqiao airport (the domestic airport for China) is quite ideal, the ease of access via metro into Shanghai city proper isn't the best. You pretty much need to take a cab to the nearest metro stop. Cabs are very cheap so you might be better off just taking a taxi for your entire journey. Nothing is in walking distance and it is surrounded by other business type hotels. Lots of tour groups stay here which fills the property up. Clean, pleasant and decent breakfast buffet.	
Aug 26 2007 	Enjoyed the Galaxy!	I stayed at this hotel for business meetings in Shanghai. The hotel is lovely, with a great breakfast buffet in the morning - western style food as well as local food. There are two restaurants in the hotel, one is local food -- very good selections and good service -- and a Korean BBQ -- also very good food and good service. I stayed in the business suites for my stay and found the accommodations very tasteful and elegant. It had a spa-like feel to the room, towels, etc.As for the location, yes it is a bit west of downtown Shanghai proper. However, I did go out walking several days to antique shops, memorial gardens, etc. I took a cab to other places I wanted to see (Yu Garden, Bund, temples, etc) and found the cab fare to be very reasonable -- only about 3-5 dollars per ride. The traffic is a bit cumbersome, so the cab rides sometimes were a bit lengthy.All in all, I found the stay at this hotel to be very nice. It served the business needs quite well. If I were in Shanghai only for vacation, it might be nice to be closer to downtown, but as I said, cab fare is reasonable and finding a cab is quite easy.	
Aug 6 2007	Good clean accommodations	Stayed at this hotel at the beginning of a 14-day tour of China; we spent three nights here. Location is not desirable as it is not central to all the attractions. But since we were in a group tour, we drove to all the sights and attractions from early morning to evening with no time to spare. Hotel is rated as a four-diamond by Chinese standards, but by American standards, I would only rate this as three-diamond. Saw lots of Americans/Europeans, but most of the staff spoke very little English. Breakfast was extremely good with Chinese and Western dishes. They even have a Korean and Japanese corner with sushi and miso soup. Quality of food is above average. Service is a little more to be desired. You have to wait for your coffee cup to be refilled. Rooms are extremely clean and well appointed. We had a in-room safe along with refrigerator in our room. The only thing that it lacked was an iron &amp; board which you have to call to bring up to your room.This is an excellent hotel for tour groups. For individual leisure travelers, the location is undesirable and you will have to find transportation to get everywhere.	
Jun 21 2007 	Nice Hotel	Arrived for three days and two night. Great hotel, but it is not located near the main attractions. The hotel staff was wonderful and the breakfasts were great. The rooms were very large and clean. The hotel has a two stry lobby that was very interesting. The elevators were very fast and the staff met all of my needs. If you are going to Shanghai for business and do not need to see any of the sights, this is a wonderful place to do business. Several meeting were being conducted all over the hotel. However, if you want to get out and walk the streets at nigh and be near the sights this is not the place for you.	
Apr 14 2007 	Chinese hospitality	Spent two nights at the Galaxy at the end of a three city trip.Glitzy high rise hotel catering to business and pleasure tourists from all over the world. Very nice room, very clean. Very close to Parkson department store and City Center Bldg (walkable). Lots of service help everywhere. Mostly very helpful but not always in the large breakfast area. Ample buffet style with lots of choices, more Western than I liked but there was something for everyone. A &quot;Korean Corner&quot;, baked beans and white sausage for the Brits, frosted flakes for the Americans. Service was lacking here, maybe because they were so busy. We were seated at the end of a table for 8 where there were 8 people. No offer to move us, they brought 2 more chairs and squeezed everyine in. Took 3 requests for a spoon before we went and found our own. Coffe was not self-erve and took a very long time to get a refill. Long wait for juice glasses and fruit bowls to be filled in at buffet. Scramble style area so lots of bumping and queueing repeatedly.Received an electic adapter less than 2 minutes after requesting.Two complimentary bottlesof drinking water each dayTakes a very long time to get hot water butwhen it comes, there is plenty and water pressure very good.	
Feb 14 2007	good way to end our tour	The Galaxy hotel was our last hotel on our 15 day tour. There werea lot of North Americans at this hotel. The rooms were clean and modern. The buffet breakfast was delicious and was one the highlights for us in Shanghai. This hotel was not along the Bund but we were able to take a taxi there for under $10. There was also some stores and restaurants nearby (although we didn't eat there)	
Nov 20 2009 	???????		
Oct 29 2009 	????????????		
Sep 1 2009 	??????????		
Jan 25 2009 	????????????		
Oct 29 2008 	?????????		
Oct 29 2008 	??????		
Oct 3 2008	?????		
