Aug 4 2009 	Convenient	1) Cleaniness: room was clean.2) Location: centralised location with Nanjing Road is a short walk away, not too bad for the price and in comparison with the prices of hotels in the surrounding area.3) Rooms: for a local hotel the room was a bit small, but adequately equipped. There is no satellite TV, so we only had chinese channels. The bed was really hard though.4) Service: I would have had little complaints about this hotel if not for the service. We'd asked for a late check-out (for 2 pm) the night before and the next morning the reception called to ask abt our check-out. We told the lady that we arranged with her colleague the night before tht we were checking out late, and then she told us to make sure we were out of the room before 2pm. We turned up at the reception counter 15 mins late. And the lady then rudely and unnecessarily informed us &quot;It's past 2pm&quot; before proceeding with check-out.5) Value: Overall not bad value for the location, but do not expect any good service.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great location good hotel	Excellent location close to the Bund and metro (and diagonally across from the Westin - but at a fraction of the price). Rooms a good size and with plenty of bathroom accessories. A little worn but good standard and comfortable. Staff speak some English, definitely enough to communicate fine, and are really friendly and helpful. Highly recommended.	
Jun 16 2009 	Reasonable price with a great location	Just fine for a city hotel where you spend just the night.	
Nov 25 2008 	Can't Beat the Location	Fantastic location only a 5 minute walk to the Bund, People's Park, and main shopping areas. The hotel was very clean and neat with a large room with a double bed- more than enough room for 2 people to be comfortable, with a desk and sitting area and spacious bathroom. The bed was solid as a rock and appeared to only be a box spring and no mattress which was strange.The breakfast was served next door in a restaurant which was overpriced and terrible with service to match. You are better off going elsewhere or picking up breakfast items at a bakery or convenience store. One of the added bonuses was the free internet and computer right in the hotel room. Staff weren't overly friendly but were still helpful. We had some problems checking out as the night staff speaks little to no English (day staff speak English so be sure to make arrangements for taxis or check-out during the day!). Make sure you bring proper documentation if you pay and book in advance through a website as the non-English speaking desk cleark tried to charge us for the room again as he failed to grasp the concept that we had paid in advance. Thanks to another guest who spoke Mandarin we were able to sort it all out. And there is a room deposit charge of about $30 Canadian that we never figured out what exactly it was for.Enough restaurants within walking distance. Other than the check-out problem which we were able to sort out, the hotel was a great place to stay for location and price.	
Nov 4 2007 	Very good deal 5 minutes from the Bund	Great little hotel for a reasonnable price. Located by foot at 5 minutes from the Bund and 10 from People Square. Clean cute rooms, well decorated, cumfortable beds. Ask for the discounted rates, which are about 30% off the 'offcial price'. I paid 70 euros for a large room, with 2 large windows offering a nice view, a desk with a computer connected to internet for free, a sofa, and all the usual : minibar, safe, tea and coffee machine, etc.Only drawback : no english channels on the TV, but the rest is perfect for the price compared to other hotels I've been to in Shanghai.	
