Nov 2 2009 	Great Location Cheap hotel Werid smell	This is really a weird hotel, sure some parts of it needs renovation.Good things: It has a great location, subway (People Sq) is 1 min walk from hotel, 10 min walk from a large shopping area, size of single rooms are good, cheap price compared to its ratings, helpful stuff.Bad things: very smelly reception and base floor, average room cleanness (good compared to China standard), very very noisy areaOverall I recommend it.	
Oct 22 2009 	Nice but half old!	Hard to tell about my feelings about this hotel. Good location but quite noisy. Very nice room...so you might wonder what is wrong ? something in the mood of that hotel - new build on old...sometimes it gives very good results but in that particular case, it gives a starnge feeling. My phone was not working, I tried to explain the problem at the reception but gave up after some minuts. For the price I got on internet and considering it is in Shanghai, maybe ok but next time, I will try an other hotel. Breakfast cost about 100 RMB. If you have a rate without breakfast and eat breakfast there, staff gets very nervous...3 persons asks me 'what is your room no ?' within 5 minutes.	
Jul 30 2009 	Hotel with history- great location and good value	Even though it's no longer the tallest building in Shanghai and you wouldn't spot it immediately (all dark on outside, not shiny and all glass), this hotel offers tourists a perfect location right at Ren Min Park, only minutes on foot from Nanjing West Road where all the shopping malls are located. Rooms are clean (except for one cockroach in bathroom, having lived there for hundreds of generations since 1934, I guess) and service is ok. Try to book online as prices vary a lot!	
Jun 3 2009 	Stay clear of this one	Well, it is noisy.The service at the front desk was a little too stand off / I don't care.The door man couldn't be bothered to help with luggage to the room.The room appeared nice at first. But after looking closer, there was femail hair on the bathroom floor. The tub was scratched. The towels were frayed around the edges and when I pulled one off the towel rack, there was a little tiny bug on it....could it be a tick? Now I am itching myself every five minutes!! I am staying here right now as I type this and doors are slamming and you can hear people in the room next to me.The location is great, but compared to what I have stayed at in China, this one is pretty high priced for what you get in return (but it's also the lowest one on I found on this strip).	
Jul 23 2008 	Local Insights	Hmmm! A dated old hotel that needs to learn about customer service. I was checked into a 'Corner' room on the 18th floor which was clean and had a great view and an updated bathroom and shower. However, there was no hot water. When I complained I was told they were fully booked but would change me the next day and yes, they knew that the 18th floor had no hot water... but hadn't bothered to mention it . Moved to a non-smoking room on a lower floor that had cigarette burns in the carpet and wasn't overly clean but at least was large!The buffet breakfast was terrible, no choice or quality. Staff had very limited English and communication was hard going. The location wasn't bad and it was less expensive than the nearby Sheraton.	
Apr 27 2008 	NOT Recommended: Smelly old hotel but well known hotel for locals	I selected this hotel in the internet after considering its great location and reasonable prices. I stayed there for 4 nights in 2007. The lobby was smelly with smoke. Old decoration. Limited services.	
Apr 2 2008	Quaint and historic but substandard	I was booked by a business associate and had no say over the choice of hotel. If I come back I'd definitely stay somewhere else, although the Park is a fascinating piece of Shanghai history and has been renovated up to Western standards, more or less. When I checked in I was advised I had been upgraded to a suite, only to find myself in a large rather spartan room overlooking a three-story video monitor right outside my window! It flooded the room with blinding light at 7 p.m. The blackout curtains helped, and the video is turned off around 11 p.m.Then there was no hot water the following morning, and the following today I woke up to absolutely no electricity. The hotel fixed it, but suffice it to say if it's consistent quality you want, this ain't the place. But it has character that the new steel-and-glass hotels don't have.	
Mar 31 2008 	Historical hotel in need of a renovation	I just came back from a visit in Shanghai and we stayed in the Park Hotel near Nanjing Square. The Park hotel has some historical significance (it was the tallest building in Shanghai for some time) and its location is great because of it's proximity to Nanjing Square which is a pedestrian only shopping area with lots of food and retail shops around. Also, the subway is just across the street from the hotel.The downside is the room. The size of our room on the 5th floor was large, however, it reeked of smoke and you could tell that the carpet has seen much better days. definitely use slippers when walking around the room. Grouting and tile in the bathroom could also use some updating as well. Also, the television had plenty of english channels which was nice.The hotel lobby looked great, but don't be fooled. As other reviewers have noted, this self proclaimed 4 star establishment is much closer to a 3 star. The gym is outdated and the business center was extremely expensive to use the computer and make a few printouts. Great location, sub par rooms, and not the best amenities. I would recommend staying elsewhere for your money.	
Dec 22 2007 	AVOID...!	Having read the other reviews i can't fault the location, it was nice to be right in the center of the city but the hotel somehow of the other didn't quite appeal to me...I chose it because having stayed in china for over 3 weeks in diff hotels thought i might as well look for a more reasonable option but i still regret it til date!The Lobby seemed ok in the evening when i had come in to check in, but after i paid my deposit and went up to my room i was hugely dissapointed by the size of the room but still didn't mine, it was also extremely noisy but that was ok, but there was a problem in the airconditioning system and it was extremely noisy and also some leakages in the bathroom. I complained to the reception a few times, they finally sent someone up to see the problem but still didn;t do anything so finally hours later i went downstairs to the reception and complained again, having had to argue with the guy for over half an hour i asked for my deposit back so i would go to another hotel nearby but he refused to help me but instead offered me a business room for a high rate, which he finally accepted togive at the same rate. This hotel was definitely much better but was on a corner of the building so was shaped very strangely , either way i didn't really care as i was only there for 1 night, the bathroom was clean and spacious so i thought it was better just to manage, also it had a computer there and internet connection at no extra cost.In the night i went out and realised that the entire hotel entrance is filled with homeless people and people offering karwoke and massages and what not. Even leabing the hotel was harrasment as little kids would grab onto my legs demanding money, this was much worse when i cam eback in at the end of the night, realy not worth saving that extra money to go throuhg all that..The next morning i had called up requesting for a later check out which the receptionish agreed till 2 so at quarter to 2 i asked for someone to come up an dhelp me with my luggage but was kept waitiunf for 45 minutes untill i finally came down muself with the luggage, waitinf ro the life alone took me another 5minutes, finally when checking out the lady said i was too late to check out as checkout time is 11 so they are going to charge me half a days rate for late check out, I told her about the lady from the reception allowing me until 2, which they refused to believe, it got a point where they called out the owner and they said they was no recordof anyone speaking to me, finally after arguing for another 20mins they agreed to waive this extyra charge but still didn't believe me claiming that they never allow check out later then 11!Overall a very strange and dissappointing experience, i think a lesson has been learnt here not to go for cheap hotels in China, I had even asked owner why he allowed all guests to be harassed by people when leaving and ebntering hte hotel at night but he just laughed, not sure iof he understood what i was sayingt to him even!	
Oct 20 2007 	Great value option	I would absolutely return.The hotel is actually a small piece of history as it is one of the oldest in Shangai. All in all it is well kept and a nice find! Great service and a comfortable setting.The Hotel is just off the famous Nanjing shopping district and within walking distance (for those who don't mind a bit of a walk) of &quot;The Bund&quot; district. The only complaints were the small, HARD (not firm), HARD beds, but I've found that to be somewhat common in China. The rooms are typically small (like those in most European Hotels), but comfortable. Great tip - this hotel is about 100m from the Raddisson Hotel. The Raddisson has a large rotating restaurant on the 45th floor (think space needle or CN tower). Unbelievable view and good food. Enjoy lunch or dinner. Doesn't open until 11:30 am.	
Oct 7 2007	An Old Standard	The Park must have had a renovation since some of the earlier reviews posted here. We found it clean and up-to-date, and looking younger than its long history might suggest. Its location is as good as it gets and it appears that all the new competition is keeping the Park’s rates modest. There are many new choices around that are more exciting, but don’t rule out the park because you are afraid it is old and run down.	
Sep 19 2007 	Try Central Hotel	Pro: its locationCon: noisy, old, smelly, service all below averagei recommend Central Hotel located at Jiu Jiang Rd near Nanjing Rd, it's a newer and cleaner and better service hotel	
Jun 22 2007 	Two rooms - one hotel	The first room I received was on the 3rd floor which is non-smoking. It was a very large corner suite. The windows are single pane and it sounded like the traffic outside was coming through my room. The bed was the worst of the three hotels in China I stayed at. I spoke to the front desk eand was moved to the 12th floor. The upper floors are business rooms and my room had a computer. The room had been remodeled and I could barely hear the traffic noise. Once I changed rooms I really began to enjoy my stay. The breakfast buffet was ok, but no ther amenities - this is an old hotel. Lots of foreign tourists were there.	
May 28 2007 	Good Location but can be noisy	We chose this hotel because we wanted to stay in the centre of Shanghai . The setting was ideal, right on the edge of Peoples Square and we enjoyed walking round it (and underneath where there is an enormous shopping precinct aimed mainly at teenagers).The hotel was a superb art deco period piece and apparently had been Mao's favourite hotel in Shanghai.We were given an upgrade -a massive suite of rooms,however there was a lot of noise (traffic and people shouting right through the night from the adjoining street at the back of the hotel). The bed and bathrooms were of a high qualityThe breakfasts were OK but not as good or varied as at some of the other places we stayed at	
May 20 2007 	oldcodgers	Arrived at hotel tired after a long flight only to find that they did not have our booking. WE BOOKED THIS LAST NOVEMBER. After 40 minutes the girl on the desk decided to give us a room for the night but informed us that we would have to take it up with the booking agent in the morning. We told her in no uncertain terms that this was not acceptable and insisted on speaking to the Manager who appeared after the 4th time of insisting. He apologised using the excuse that the girl was new to her job and immediately upgraded us to a suite to compensate for our upset. This hotel must certainly have been grand in its heyday but now is a very tired old lady in great need of a makeover. The staff in front were very polite and eager to help with tours and taxis etc but the staff in the restaurant certainly needed training. All they seemed to be interested in was pushing plates around and only responded when we tried to serve ourselves with tea and coffee. Plates of food were not recharged on the buffet and each day we had to ask for items. NOT GOOD. Cleanliness was average overall. Certainly would not grade this as a 4 star. The good thing was the locality of the hotel - covenient. Was fun watching the excercisers in Peoples Square right oposite our room.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great Value	The hotel may be old, but the service and the room facilities are certainly up to a 4 star hotel standard. We arrived at the hotel and were immediately upgraded to an excutive room (without any reason or charge). Our room overlooked the People Park from th 14th floor, which was a great treat. The room was in pretty good shape with a PC and wireless free of charge (for this level of rooms). Breakfast is not very impressive, but there is really not much choice if you wish to eat out in the vicinity. The hotel is right in front of the 2 major subway lines which is great to travel around the city if you are keen to use it. Access to cab is also very convenient being located on a major intersection. 10 minutes walk to Nanjing East Road (the famous pedestrian walk). The staff were generally friendly, especially when you are polite to them.	
Mar 6 2007	Tired Hotel but Central Location	The Park Hotel on Nanjing Road is a block away from the Nanjing Road Pedestrian Walking street. The hotel’s glory days are in the past. The exterior of the hotel is showing its age. When entering from the pedestrian walking street the most noticeable signage to the hotel is the Bank of China sign. The bank takes up the east side of the ground floor of the hotel so the hotel entrance is obscured. Also the hotel entrance is at a multi-road intersection so taxis cannot queue for a spot. The taxi queue is actually a half a block away to the east in front of the Radisson New World Hotel. Inside the lobby is rather dark, unappealing, and smelly of both an old hotel and of smoke. The lobby is rather dated and worm and needs a major remodel. Some English is understood by the hotel staff. The elevator is quick but small. The room was very spacious with all the amenities including a kettle, minibar, free water bottles, TV, blowdryer, and safe. A major disappointment was the carpet of the room was worn and wrinkled. It seems the carpet was at least 15 years old maybe 20 years old and should be immediately replaced. The bathroom was a total disappointment. The tiles on the bathroom were old. The grout caulking was graying/blacking and unappealing. The ceiling of the bathroom showed evidence of the water leak and was poorly patched; very unappealing. The hot water took at least 10 minutes to warm up. The free water bottles were necessary because the Shanghai water smelled of remnants of sewage with a very unappealing odor and taste. Do not drink the tap water unless thoroughly boiled and then that should be avoided if possible. The air quality in the room was poor. Though it was a non-smoking room it was not a non-smoking floor so the smokers from the other rooms made the room smell bad.The hotel bills itself as four stars. Overall at about $US130 (final price all tax in) a night at peak season the Park Hotel can be considered a poor choice for a four star hotel and is not recommended at this price if you want a 4 star hotel. You should pay more and get the quality that is desired for a 4 star hotel. The Park Hotel grade is “3 star” out of 5 stars. If you want to pay at this price point and get an acceptable but run-down hotel then this place is okay.Pros: Good shopping location, close to transit Metro station, helpful front desk staffCons: Outside lobby entrance is small and not noticeable, close to busy and noisy traffic intersection, no full non-smoking floors, air quality in lobby is musty and smoky, air quality in non-smoking room is musty and some smoke coming over from the smoker rooms.	
Nov 16 2006 	Very good hotel great location	Spent two nights in this hotel in October 2006. Room could do with some renovation, but was very comfortable and spacious with everything you needed - TV, radio, air con, broadband (not wireless), mini-bar, coffee machine. Air con was perhaps slightly noisy. Also worth asking for a room with a view to Remnibi square, mine had average view at the back. Staff was very helpful, front desk spoke perfect English. Did not try the restaurant or any of the other facilities so can't comment on them. Location is excellent, right on Remnibi square for access to the sites there, metro station and very easy to get taxis or even the bus if feeling adventurous. Would definitively stay there again if I find it at the same price. Highly recommended.	
Sep 24 2006 	Great deal for the single traveler	For many years, the Park Hotel was the tallest building in Shanghai and probably in China. It is located right at People's Square, close to the city's best museums, and right at the intersection of the two subway lines for easy transportation. The breakfast buffet is also very good. A small business center and travel agency provide important services. This 1930s hotel has lots of charm and--most importantly--a terrific price on the hotel's website for a single room. (Larger rooms are much more pricey.) All in all, well worth serious consideration.	
Jul 6 2006	Art Deco Classic	My wife and I spent 3 nights at the Park Hotel in late May, 2006. If you like hotels with character, this is a good choice. The Park Hotel is well located on Nanjing Road, across the street from a subway stop, and near shops and restaurants. The lobby and the restaurant areas are art nouveau gems from the turn of the century. The wood paneling and light fixtures in the restaurant are particularly stunning. Our room was on the ninth floor. It was small and somewhat cramped, but attractively furnished and very comfortable. There was a built-in closet, dresser with t.v., small table and reading chair. This particular room even came with a computer and high-speed internet access. The tiled bathroom was small but adequate, with a tub-shower combination. There was very little counter space. The breakfast buffet was extensive and very good. We had dinner at the hotel one night and although it was ok, there are probably better choices nearby.	
Jun 7 2006	Park Hotel has it all	Just returned from Shanghai and the Park Hotel. Hotel has everything -- great location-across from very usable subway (signs and announcements in English) ,beautifully landscaped People's Park, Nanjing Rd.(main shopping street), and Shanghai Art Museum. Hotel very clean. Beautifully restored Art Deco public areas. Get deal with buffet breakfast included-served in beautiful Deco main dining room. Staff English skills from poor to good depending on who you speak to. Our room had double-paned windows and no noise. Bed and bedding very comfortable. Right in back of hotel are local Chinese restaurants with English menus. Nearby are lanes with fascinating traditional life going on. Would definitely recommend this hotel for comfort, price, and location.	
May 1 2006	Good location but noisey	Stayed here at the end of april for 4 nights. This hotel is ideally located for the Nanjing Road shops, underground/subway &amp; walking to the Bund.The hotel still has the charms of the 1930s when it was built but unfortunately does not have double glazing so it sounds like you are sleeping on the street. The Chinese drivers like to use their horns every 10 seconds ! Make sure you get a room on the highest floor possible. Beds are typical Chinese style - very hard, but this seems to be the thing at all hotels.Breakfast room is amazing and the food is good also.	
Feb 10 2006	Good value for money	The location couldn't be better. It's near the main shopping pedestrian mall and just opposite the subway. Free internet access on desktop machines in the room was a big hit with my teenage children. Lots of good eateries nearby. No major grouses. For what we paid, it was very good value.	
Jan 20 2006	Not bad	Location: Outstanding. Near the subway, Ningjing shopping street, local eateries and shops, a short walk to starbucks and a very great bar called Barberossa or so behind starbucks.Room:A bit dated. Had problem with air con - it blew out too much heat that we couldn't breathe. Called room service/ operator for help but they didn't show up. We finally had to sleep with windows open. Service:We slept three in the room. But they provided only two sets of amenities till i made a request. Overall, staff are very nice and helpful.	
Nov 25 2005	Park Hotel - Convenient Location	I am writing from my hotel room via the free internet service. The hotel is centrally located, opposite the People's Square metro station. There are many inexpensive restaurants/cafes and lots of major departmental stores within the vicinity. I enjoyed my stay in the hotel. The only slight 'complaints' that I might have of the hotel are the lights are very dim and on the first day the room had a very strong smell of cigarettes (although I was given a non-smoking room) and the toiletries are not exactly the best, given the price of the hotel. In addition, non-smoking rooms are located on the lower levels and in the mornings, it's quite noisy.In general, if you are looking for a hotel that is strategically located and within a medium price range, this would be one of them.	
Oct 27 2005	Customer service left a lot to be desired	I was disappointed with the level of service I received at this hotel. The hotel offers money changing facilities for guests yet front desk staff refused to change currency saying that the notes were old tender (they were not). Coffee and tea making facilities were provided in the room but we were charged for the 4 sachets of sugar we requested as none was provided in the room. Staff refused to remove the charge from my bill even though we were paying over £70 a night for the room. This is not the kind of service I would expect from a 4 star hotel and was a disappointing end to a good holiday in China.	
Oct 18 2005	Great Hotel!	This hotel is located right at the top of the shopping area on Nanjing Street and is probably about a 30 mins walk from The Bund (the end of the Nanjing shopping area). The Shanghai theatre is about 5 mins walk and the area is very lively but not noisy. The rooms are comfortable, clean and well decorated and the concierge is amazing. They were able to help us plan our weekend there and saved us quite a bit of money by arranging taxis for us instead of taking tours which are often costly and not necessarily informative in China (beware of hotel tours, a number of them will take you to commercial stops such as silk and jade factories and Chinese Medicine clinics to pressure you to spend money). All the staff were wonderful and a shuttle bus is available from the airport to drop you within walking distance of the hotel. I would highly recommend this to anyone visiting Shanghai given its ideal location and good service.	
Sep 8 2005	Great location and wonderful park view	I am writing this review from my room in the Park Hotel: there is a computer and free internet connection. My week-long stay here has been very enjoyable. It is a great location--the Union Square of Shanghai (with the Met [Shanghai Grand Theatre] thrown in). The Remin Square Metro station is across the road (it's a central hub for the two main lines). I asked for a room looking out over Remin Square--and even from the third floor it is a fantastic view. It's a big room, with double windows, looking over the park and city lights at night. Ask for room #303! It has cost me around RMB950 (+15 % tax) per night: the same as if I had a room at the back of the hotel. It's a bit more than I had intended to pay; but it has been worth it. The hotel, unfortunately, has little art deco left: the rooms are aesthetically ordinary, but comfortable (the beds are real hard, but I have liked that). I also considered the Yangtze Hotel: but as of Sep 2005 there is still a lot of construction work going on there. It could be some time before that dies down. I also thought about the Ruijin Guesthouse, in the French Concession; its more money, but lovely if you want a bit of piece and quiet. While the Park is a great central location for sight-seeing, there aren't a lot of great restaurants within easy walking distance (wonderful exception: Kathleen's 5, across the way); there are good local joints, but you'll likely need chinese to negotiate that. If you aren't going to stay at one of the top-end-of-town hotels, this is a really good option to consider.	
Mar 19 2005	Grand old dame in the heart of Shanghai	The Park Hotel located on Nanjing West Road in downtown Shanghai is one of the grand old hotels of a byegone era - an era when Shanghai used to be separted into the French and British concessions. Built in classical European style, the lobby exudes a stylish elegance reminiscent of the 1930s when the hotel was the zero center point of Shanghai. The elegant dining room is spacious with a commanding view of the city. The rooms are huge and clean. At around US$90 for a double room, it is excellent value for money as it is located just directly across People's Square, the transportation hub of Shanghai and 10 minutes walk to Nanjing East pedestrian mall, leading to the famous Bund. Behind the hotel, there are numerous small eateries where the locals patronise - you should be able to read Chinese if you decide to patronise any of these eateries as there is no English menu.	
Nov 14 2009	Hotel war sehr gut aber nachts laute Baustellengeräusche. Rezeptionspersonal zu gestresst.		
Oct 24 2009 	?????????		
Sep 22 2009 	Tres bon hotel depuis qu'il a été refait !!		
Oct 2 2008 	???????????????		
