Nov 24 2009 	LOVELOVELOVE THIS HOTEL!!!	Have stayed at 88 Xiantiandi three times now and it is always a treat. Huge rooms you hardly want to leave. Curtained bedroom area. Fabulous bed, great pillows, spacious and stylish lounge/suite area, fully equipped for the business traveler, great lighting and electronics. Delicious breakfast buffet. Now, if only the hotel could make sure it woudn't rain when I come to town. It is also a 5 minute walk to Green Massage and YPlus Yoga, which are both fantastic and make for a perfect day.	
Oct 12 2009 	Fantastic Hotel but comes with a premium	I stayed at Xintiandi last December to watch the new years celebration. This hotel is pretty fantastic, the rooms are spacious and well maintained. The rooms with the view of the lake were a great place to watch the fireworks from. The hotel was impeccably clean with contemprorary furnishings and the hotel staff is extremely helpful. The location is also ideal, since it is right next to a main shopping area. While the hotel was a little more expensive, it was worth it for the view. This hotel also has executive residences for the frequent business traveller. I can’t imagine a much better place to stay if I were travelling for work.	
Oct 11 2009 	Best area in Shanghai	We spent five days in Shanghai and went all over the city. We felt very lucky to come back to the 88Xintiandi at the end of each day. This is the best area and neighborhood. Very convenient to everything. We walked to the Yuyuan Gardens, the Peoples Park and the French Concession. The two blocks around the hotel are filled with great cafes and restaurants, including a wonderful bakery. Unlike large, busy hotels this hotel is a quiet, peaceful place. Our room had a large living area with a separate kitchen and bed area. The best part of the room were the large windows and glass door that opened out to a balcony overlooking a beautiful park and lake with the city skyline in the distance. What a great view! It was so interesting watching all of the park activities with people coming and going. The room was very clean and comfortable with free internet, a music system, leg&amp;foot massager, a bowl of fruit (that is filled each day), comfortable bed with all the different pillows you want, and free water bottles. Also included is a great breakfast buffet with Chinese dishes and Dim sum that was delicious. They also had typical American breakfast foods (cereal, fruit, eggs cooked anyway you want) and European foods (meat &amp; cheese and other salads, with the best homemade bread and jam.) We did use the pool and fitness center and were the only ones there. The workers were very nice and helpful and most spoke English. They had no problem getting us a taxi whenever we needed one. We would definitely stay at the 88Xintiandi again. If you want a great experience in Shanghai you should stay here!	
Sep 9 2009 	great location great service	Have stayed at 88 Xintiandi three times in past year and overall had a good experience. The rooms are great with cool design and furnishings. For a boutique hotel, it is a very good place for business travelers as the desk accessories and fax / phone communication system are first rate. Breakfast is pretty basic in terms of selection of items but the dinning area is nice and they do a happy hour type thing in the late afternoon.  Some reviewers say the hotel needs more of a restaurant and a bar. i disagree. There are more than 40 bars and restaurants in the Xintiandi complex alone.....all you have to do is walk 20 -25 meters and you are there! Plus concierge is quite helpful.Only drawback to the hotel is that many taxi drivers don't know the exact hotel location. You can get a card with the name of the hotel in Chinese characters or you can just say &quot;Xintiandi&quot; and they'll drop you off near Starbucks ( about 3 minute walk from hotel).This is a very nice hotel in a fun part of town. Definitely worth a try.	
Aug 19 2009 	Upscale Alternative	This hotel property in the much acclaimed Xintiandi area of Shanghai is owned and operated by the very developer that developed Xintiandi Shanghai. As a very high quality hotel product this &quot;boutique&quot; property is so extrodinarily located it forgets a few of the fundamental needs of a high daily rate hotel such as a bar and full service restaurant. Kind of a shame. The room experience however is magnificent as long as you are not facing the Xintiandi &quot;mall&quot;. Ask for a room facing the road so that you won't hear the pounding of the late night disco all night across the mall. The rooms are designed beautifully with a raised bed area enclosed with sheer drapery making for a true zenful experience. Music is provided in the room as well which does take one away from the hussle of the Shanghai street scene. The desk area is huge and very accommodating for working all day if necessary. Anyone would want an office away from home like this.The staff is very courteous and multi-lingual. One of the nights I was there I was invited by the management team to join them in the 3rd Floor meeting/concierge suite to partake of a bit of happy hour. Wonderful management staff along with local patrons of the hotel were on hand to share some complimentary wine and hors d'ouevres. A very nice evening before a dinner out.All-in-all, this hotel is a very charming, restful and elegant property that well suits the location and a discerning guest.	
Oct 19 2008 	An Oasis of Calm and Elegance in bustling Shanghai	This 50 room, 7 storey boutique hotel is an Oasis of calm and elegance amongst Shanghai’s bustling skyscraper blocks.Strategically placed on the edge of the fashionable Xintiandi shopping and restaurant precinct and across the road from a beautiful park and lake.My wife and I walked comfortably from the hotel to view the impressive collection of artefacts in the Shanghai museum. On another occasion we strolled from the hotel through the beautiful Fuxing park (laid out by the French in days past), into the old French Concession area. Here we viewed the homes of Chou En Lai and Sun Yat Sen, the founder of modern China.Our room at 88 Xintiandi was extremely spacious and very tastefully decorated, in a modern style but using many traditional Chinese elements. Free Internet cable connection in the room, plus free Wifi in the hotel enabled us to keep up to date with e-mails – even when eating breakfast, overlooking the park. The hotel personnel, led by resident manager Jocelyn Yu, were all most attentive and helped us with all our varied requests concerning, places of interest, shopping, tailoring, Mandarin tips and “where to buy muffins”. (A plate of freshly-baked assorted muffins magically appeared in our room a few hours later!).88 Xintiandi will definitely be our home again when we are next in Shanghai.	
Aug 17 2008 	great hotel	fantastic hotel - rooms are awesome - ask for lake facing room though as back side gets noisy from niteclubs.breakie is basic perfect location thoughalways stay there when i'm in town	
Jun 26 2008 	Great modern boutique hotel	This is a really nice place to stay in Shanghai.Small enough to feel special but big enough to handle all of your needs. The people who work there are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are larger than average, modern with plasma tv, free Wifi, foot massager and juicer (yes, fruit included) but the rooms still have a warm feeling to them. The elevated beds are really comfortable and the colored lights are a fun touch. You are not near the Bund or old Shanghai but they are just a 10 min cab ride away. You are in an upscale shopping area with some unique shops. nice walking. You won't go wrong booking a room here.	
Jun 23 2008 	It was just OK	Maybe I had higher expections than I should have.I had arranged for hotel airport transportation in advance. Perhaps it was an omen, but the driver didn't show up. I called the hotel, racking up more $$ on my cell phone, and finally, the driver hurries over and says he was waiting for us at another gate. He could have smoothed things over if he had apologized, but instead went on and on about how he waited at the international gate. I explained to him that it was his error, cause we came from Beijing (domestic gate) , not San Francisco. I had submitted all the airline info to the hotel in advance. Whatever! I was aggravated.Then when I checked in, I was told I had only 1 room. I had originally asked for one 2 bedroom suite, but they e-mailed me to change it to two standard rooms. So when I questioned it at check-in, and was told indeed was only for 1 room, I assumed the hotel changed it back to the 2 bedroom suite. Of course, when we got to the room, it was just a standard room and clearly couldn't accomodate all 6 of us. I had to call front desk, to clear things up. They did quickly sent up another key for the 2nd room. I have no complaints about the amenities. The rooms were nice enough, the location was great if you like trendy ex-pat friendly restaurants. The staff was friendly. The breakfast though had lots of choices, were not the best quality.More problems occured after the first night when my room had no hot water. We had to use another room to take a shower. Then, when we returned to the hotel in the same afternoon, my brother's room had no water at all! So, they had to move him to another room. When I went to the front desk to complain, they assured me that the replacement room was larger. It wasn't. My brother then had to move to yet another room.The staff was very apologetic, but water problems in 2 separate rooms were simply not acceptable for how expensive the rooms were. I'm starting to think I should stick to American chain hotels instead of these independent boutique places.To the hotel's credit, the manager did call me personally and offered free airport transportation to the airport for our return trip, and sent over some fruit and gifts. It was nice of her, but I would have rather have a problem free stay than freebies.Had we not had any problems, I would have been a very happy camper. I wonder if my experience is that out of the ordinary though having water problems in 2 separate rooms would indicate otherwise. Would I stay there again? Probably not. I think I'll try another hotel.	
May 17 2008 	Exceeds all expectations	88 Xintiandi is a truly wonderful boutique hotel. It excels in all aspects: service, design, room size, and location. More over there is a &quot;generosity of spirit&quot;, nothing feels mean nor cost saving. The staff are lovely and very helpful. Everything we asked for was provided in a relaxed and no fuss manner.For breakfast one can sit out on the terrace and look over the old roofs of Shanghai. They could improve the coffee as machine espresso, but then I have never stayed in a hotel in China that did wonderful coffee? Our room was huge and very nice too with wee balconies. Beautiful flower arrangements adorn the hallways that are decorated extremely tastefully with Chinese antique furniture.Also free and working internet. Fabulous.	
May 15 2008	Good value good location good surroundings	Well-situated in the Xintiandi district and designed with both taste and functionality, 88 XTD is a nice place to stay. I think it beats the average for its price point in China, not in the least because everything works properly. For a short vacation stay, my traveling companion and I agreed that it was entirely suitable.For longer stays, the sink and microwave looked handy but no substitute for a proper service apartment. I also think that the Xintiandi location is a stronger positive for tourists than for business people. But for China, the functional and decorative aspects of the room made a tremendous difference in our comfort level. The breakfast room and balcony were quite enjoyable amid a spell of nice weather, and the buffet breakfast was in line with the generally (surprisingly?) high standard of joint-venture/foreign hotel breakfast spreads in China.Several of the staff were pleasant in their greetings and even helpful. But compared with some of China's best hotels, the level of professionalism was not quite there. Nobody looked like they were ready to jump in and be helpful without prompting. Ten years ago, that might have qualified for special recognition given the dismal standard of service that prevailed. Today, a little more effort would make the difference between a decent enough place to stay and one to keep coming back to.We're glad we stayed there.	
Dec 11 2007 	Awesome location	Great location in a very pretty part of Shanghai, with excellent shopping and restaurants/bars. The staff were very helpful, and spoke good english. No external noise due to quadruple-glazed doors/windows overlooking the plaza, however internal noise from rooms next door and hallways (why do people bring noisy children to stay in hotels like this and ruin the experience for others???). The room was lovely, and the huge king sized bed was very comfortable. Extras like a proper coffee maker and juicer were appreciated. Only strange thing was no milk for the coffee/tea was available, either in the room or when requested from reception (yet was available for breakfast).So unless you are stuck in a room next door to inconsiderate parents and their offspring, you will find this hotel to be a lovely place to stay.	
Oct 3 2007 	Boutique alternative to 5* Tourist Traps - Loved it.	5* facilities, rooms with kitchens, lounges and no crowds. In the lovely French quarter, not more than 15 minutes walk or taxi from anything you want to see. We spent 5 days here and happily spent 2 in the room reading and relaxing. If you don't want a western chain hotel near the tourist traps with 1000 rooms, stay here. The breakfast and executive club are more than adequate but not quite at 5* level on variety. Cannot fault the quality and cleanliness and service. We had a &quot;lakeview&quot; room and suspect the rooms overlooking the shopping centre are less attractive (and less costly). Bed a bit small when you expect a king size but quite comfortable. Great amenities. If I had to come back to Shanghai for business (probably the only reason I'd go back) I'd stay here.	
Dec 10 2006 	my new home in shanghai	I just spent the weekend (or one night) at 88 Xintiandi and I am happy to report I have found my new home in Shanghai. The strange thing is that I decided to stay here almost by accident. I am in China for the entire month of December staying at a town that is a two hour drive from Shanghai. When I flew in last weekend I stayed at the Four Seasons thinking that after a 16-hour trip I’d want only “the best.” For my second stay in Shanghai I wanted to save a little bit of money and was originally going to book a night at the Okura Garden Hotel b/c I had heard that the French Concession is the happening place to stay in Shanghai. At 1430 RMB a night – a rate I found on the LHW site -- the Okura was considerably cheaper than the Four Seasons. However, the reviews on Tripadviser for the Okura mentioned that the rooms were not exactly of the highest standard and a quick look at the Okura website confirmed my suspicions. In the photos, the rooms looked pretty basic. I decided to take a look at the CN Traveller site to look for other recommendations. First on the list was 88 Xintiandi. I clicked over to the website and found a quoted rate of USD 283, which is roughly what the B&amp;B rate at the four seasons comes out to. Still, I thought I’d check their online reservations system for availability. To my surprise, I found a weekend rate of USD 210++ which, while not as cheap as the Okura, was definitely a savings from the four seasons. I figured I’d give it a go.I can happily say that I’m thrilled that I did.I should mention that I have a bit of a love-hate relationship with “Boutique Hotels” – I usually find them hit-or-miss. I often find that they do not have enough staff, lack proper – often basic – facilities, and are not a good value for the money. When I first walked into the lobby of 88 Xintiandi, my heart sank. It was small and looked a looked like it could use a fresh coat of paint on the walls and a refinishing for the parquet floors. I figured I’d been dooped again. Oh well.When I made it up to my room on the 3rd floor, however, all was very quickly forgiven and forgotten: Very, very nice indeed! This room is HUGE. With a Huge king size bed, king size desk, 42 inch plasma and DVD surround sound, and did I mention the huge king size bed? And comfortable too! Maybe not four seasons mattress caliber, but trust me, it’s more than sufficient. WOW. All for the bargain price of USD 210++ -- Fantastic! I don’t know why the poster below mentions that the room felt cramped. To me it didn’t feel cramped at all, but I was alone and s/he mentions staying with 2 friends so I wonder if that has anything to do with it. Perhaps if you add a roll away bed, it takes up a but of the living area. Still, this is one of those hotel rooms that I wish I had more time to just sit and hang out in. it’s a totally livable space. I cant tell you how many hotel rooms, large and small, often leave you with a feeling that they are only good as a place to crash and store your belongings while you are out and about. The rooms at Xintiandi are the total opposite of this – and I was staying in the lowest category room. I can’t even imagine how big and livable the true suites are.The room’s decor was done in what I’ve heard is Japanese style – lot’s of wood paneling, circular pillows and a curtain that separates the sleeping area from the living area. There is a kitchenette stocked with a microwave a blender (with suggested mixed drinks and smoothie recipe, and a few bottles of Xintiandi branded wines. Again, full marks for presentation! I don’t want to mislead anyone in to thinking that these rooms are anything more than they really are. To my fairly untrained eye, my room seemed to be roughly 550 sq ft which I think is pretty large by hotel room standards. I don’t have the technical specs of the room, so I cannot say for sure. When I say the rooms are huge, I don’t mean that they are presidential suites. But they do fit a king size bed and still have room for separate sleeping and living areas. So that should give you an idea of the size.Meanwhile, even the lower category rooms have balconies facing the Xintiandi courtyard. I guess this is considered undesirable b/c of the noise at night, but in terms of the view, I thought it was great.More importantly, you really could not have chosen a better location. I’d say 70% of the restaurants and bars that are on most shanghai guides happen to be part of the Xintiandi complex. I would say that if someone really wanted to, they could spend a weekend in Shanghai and not even leave Xintiandi. (not that I recommend this, I’m just saying its totally possible.) The hotel is a 15 minute taxi ride to the Bund and other centrally located attractions, and in general a great base of operations from which to explore shanghai. I would echo the warnings of other Tripadvisor members regarding the noise at night. Xintiandi is a shopping destination by day and a bar and club destination by night. I was aware of the noise factor due to the other reviews on this site but had intended on staying out late myself on Saturday evening and thereby missing the noise. In the end, however, I spent the entire day running around shanghai sightseeing and I was so tired when I got to my room and didn’t have a chance to really rest. At around midnight I decided rather than head down to the bars below I’d might as well just try to get some rest, even though I thought given the noise it might be a problem. Thankfully, I was so tired I simply conked out and work up rested and ready the next morning. I’m not what you call a “light sleeper” but I definitely have trouble sleeping when there is noise all around, so keep that in mind before you book. Or maybe pay a little extra and that will get you a city view room which may be a little quieter as it doesn’t face the courtyard. I was on the lower floor but whatever –in the end it didn’t bother me one bit. Hopefully on my next stay I will make it to one of the bars.The included breakfast was acceptable – pretty much the standard buffet-breakfast you get at most hotels. It was included in the price of the room which was nice. On the website there are pictures of this out door lounge-like area which happens to be a large balcony outside the breakfast room. The weather is of course too cold to stay outside right now so it was not in use, but I imagine in the spring and summer time this would be a great place to have a cocktail. I also spent an hour at the fitness centre that is across the courtyard in the Alexander City mall – it was very nice, although I did think the 100 RMB charge was a bit excessive for my one hour workout. I was also very, very happy with the service. Again, not zillions of staff members busing about but more than enough to accommodate guests’ needs – and did I mention the affordable laundry service (which I unfortunately didn’t have enough time to take advantage of.)I guess my only complaint – and it is a minor one – is that the common areas look a little worn. The hallways have wall to wall carpeting that looks like its been tred on a bit too much and the lobby could use some sprucing up, but this is a minor – and actually pretty negligible. I only mention it because it was part of my fist impression of the hotel and it was a negative one.All in all, I hope to / intend to return to 88 Xintiandi. I can not think of a better hotel value for the price and I doubt that there is another hotel in Shanghai that can match it for value. This hotel exceeded my expectations in every way and I would wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone looking for a great hotel in Shanghai.	
Dec 5 2006 	convenient location	stayed here for one night after wanting to stay here before (but it's above our corporate &quot;city cap&quot; rate) had 2 friends in town from Miami and we all loved the location, the rooms feel a little cramped but in terms of location &amp; etc, you cannot beat this place in terms of conveniencethis also is a cute boutique hotel and has a bit more soul then the typical hotel chains, all rooms have their own little kitchen in case you don't want to eat at the restaurants right outside (there are tons of choices), definitely worth trying	
Nov 19 2006 	My two cents...	I only have two things to add to the previous reviews:1. I've been a frequent guest at 88 Xintiandi for the past three years and can say that the great service mentioned in the other reviews is very consistent. In fact, the service gets better over time as the hotel staff gets to know you. If you're thinking about staying there again, go for it. Don't bother with the other &quot;luxe&quot; properties in Shanghai.2. There is a terrific Chinese restaurant called Villa du Lac that is just up the street. Go left out of the hotel entrance on Huang Pi Nan Lu--toward Huaihai Central Road. It is across the street at the corner of the park entrance in one of the old concession buildings. Just ask the front desk staff at 88 Xintiandi--and make reservations.Villa du Lac serves the old Imperial Court cuisine--Huaiyang. There are a handful of this style restaurant in Shanghai, but they aren't nearly as good.	
Oct 3 2006 	First Class Excellent Location	This is excellent hotel. Number one: it is in the best section of Shanghai, in tourist section on walking mall with blend of Chinese and western style restaurants, pubs, and clubs. Famous shopping nearby, 4 blocks off, and Nanjing Road can be walked to in about 16 minutes. Hotel is modern and elegantly styled, detailed woodwork, detailed trickets in room, mini kitchenette, high speed internet, impeccably clean, bathroom very nice. It is a small boutique style hotel, not a monster chain hotel. The only draw back is noise through windows at night as this is tourist walking area, personally I slept very good, but I can see if you were trying to go to sleep at 9:00 pm there may be background noise [you could always put on cd, they provide many cd's in room]. I have now staye twice, and am booking again for October trip. Very nice breakfast buffet included. Highly reccomend, especially due to location, I have stayed at very nice hotels in Pudong area, but isolated, you need to take 20 minute taxi into City, here you just walk out your door.	
Sep 30 2006	Very highly recommeded	Decided to stay at 88 Xintiandi after months of research and deliberation. Our first visit to Shanghai, part business part pleasure, and wanted a hotel that was well located but with character, atmosphere and a sense that you were in shaghai; afterall, who wants to stay in a nameless &quot;cookie cutter'&quot; designed chain hotel that feels like it could anywhere? This place absolutely lived up to expectations and have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone looking for personal service, and a sense of intimacy. The staff were incredibly professional and went out of their way to assist with our needs. Our two rooms overlooking the park were fantastic: huge size, with kitchen, dining and lounge areas, decorated with a combination of chinese antiques, carved screens and '60s modernist funriture that gave you a sense that you could only be in china; we loved the antithesis to the glitz, formality and pretentiousness of the usual business hotel suspects eg Shangrila, Four Seasons, Westin etc. Whist the rooms at the back foverlooking the lively redeveloped Xintiandi precint may be noisy, ours were completely quite.You can't do better in terms of a central location. Xintiandi may be newly developed, but the character has been beutifully retiained, providing countless top-notch restuarants, bars and shops; Shanghai can be intimidating for fisrt time visitors and the area provides a welcome respite. Since everything in Shanghai is so spread out, walking around is not usually an option. Taxis being so cheap and pletiful I feel it is more important to choose a locating with an interseting immediate environment, rather than its relative position in the city: I would never stay, say, Pudong (sterile), The Bund (stunning buildings but traffic like highway) or Renmin Square (massive and bleak). If elegant, chic and authentic sophistication is what you are after, another gorgeous option is the Ruijin guesthouse, set in quiet lush gardens within the French Concession.	
Mar 15 2006 	Trendy but Noisy	Agree with the other reviewers that the hotel is fun &amp; trendy and you can't beat the location, BUT after three stays there I'm not going back because I can't take any more nights of noise until 1 AM. The hotel is right above the bar district of Xintiandi and no matter how hard you try to shut the street noises out, you can't. The music plays until 1 AM, revelers are sometimes still on the street even later. If you're out yourself, hey, no sweat! But if you're in town for meetings or work, you need your sleep and this isn't the hotel to stay in.	
Jan 29 2006 	Watch out Ian Shraeger!	I was looking for a cool hotel along the lines of the W Hotel's &amp; came across this. The pictures do it no justice - the taste level is terrific! Very interesting mix of contemporary meets China deco. Whomever designed the interiors of this hotel has it going on big time. Being in the appareal business I was inspired by the lobby to design a new tradeshow booth based on the astetics of this hotel, that's how tastefull it is - a welcome reprieve from the same old big commercial hotels or trendy wanna be a Shraeger hotel. The rooms are very spacious, soothing, very accomodating for business people or toursits alike &amp; a tremndous value for the price. Wish Hong Kong had a hotel like this. The breakfast buffet is just average but who cares, the place is great!	
Jan 4 2006	Impeccable	Ask for a room facing the park, so it's not noisy when the clubs down below go full throttle... Then, you're in for a real treat: all kinds of restaurants (T8 and Villa Deluc are pricey, but not-to-be-missed), bars, coffee bars, boutiques, etc., right below at Xintiandi. Service here is amazing. If you're looking for a comfortable and plush hotel, unlike any of the chains, this is the place you ought to book.	
Oct 19 2005	An absolute Gem	88 Xintiandi is an absolute gem! Rooms are enormous, staff is wonderful &amp; service couldn't be better. On previous visit to Shanghai we had stayed at (and enjoyed) the Portman Ritz Carlton -- but 88 Xintiandi is our new Shanghai home! Location is excellent. You can walk out the door and be moments from good shopping, great restaurants and a fabulous massage at the Green Door Spa (for a whopping $12!). We had the 2 bedroom suite which was fabulous. 2 big bedrooms. One with attached bath. A 2nd full bath was located near living room. Big living room area with dining &amp; kitchenette. Small balcony overlooking the park.We were not bothered by any street noise, but had requested rooms on higher floors with park view. A fellow traveler had one of the deluxe rooms/park view. It too was huge with living/dining/kitchenette.Service was excellent for everything from meeting us at airport, bringing a laptop to the room &amp; hooking us up to internet to recommending spas/restaurants/shops &amp; good car/driver for hire to take us around. Ask for Iverson - he's a delight!	
Jun 5 2005	Nice Boutique	Located in the heart of the Xintiandi entertainment complex in/close to the former French Concession. This is both good &amp; bad - if you want to hang out in western style restos &amp; bars (&amp; pay western prices too), very easy to do here. But the noise from the bars is noticeable from the hotel's rooms (tho not overly intrusive from the 5th floor at least). The 56 room boutique hotel is good, above average good - the rooms are large mini-suites with great balconies. You must pay Y100 to visit the adjacent Alexander City gym (which is dead!). Breakfast buffet was adequate ... it didn't blow me away like the Peninsula Beijing's buffet. Staff were friendly tho the front desk / reception seemed to need 3 ppl to check me in &amp; out. Conclusion: If you need or want to be in this area, then definitely a good choice. If location is irrelevant, JW Marriott or Ritz are outstanding alternatives.	
Mar 13 2005 	Pricey but location location location....	As frequent visitors to Shanghai, we have stayed at the Shangri-La, Renaissance Pudong, Grand Hyatt, and Four Seasons - but this place is my favorite so far. The location is great with lots of shops and restaurants within walking distance. We have a great balcony facing the pedestrian street overlooking outdoor cafes and boutique shops. The staff are friendly and helpful - and all rooms come with a small kitchenette. The only downside is the price.... this place is overpriced for what it's worth, but I don't think that'll stop me from wanting to stay here again.	
