Sep 2 2009 	An institution!	After reading some of the reviews and seeing some pictures, I have to admit it is not the best maintained hotel in the world. But it doesnt matter as this hotel has always been an historical institution and the location is fab,so close to the Bund!The staff was very kind and helpful when I went (New Year 2000-2001), I was 15 back then and had an amazing experience in Shanghai. i came back 5 years later I couldnt recognize anything cause it changes so fast!	
Nov 19 2008	Great historical hotel great location	The Shanghai Peace Hotel has a very long history, and is located right on the Bund in Shanghai. It has a great classic environment, and the service is great as well. We stayed there for only one night, and compared to other five star hotels, it is not too expensive.From our window, we could see the bund, and the skyline in Pu Dong. The bar downstairs is very nice as well.	
Jun 22 2007 	One of the Best Hotels in the World!!	I spent the first night in China at the Peace Hotel in Shanghai. I had requested it because of it's history. I was not disappointed. I arrived at about 9PM, so it was dark and I was tired after a long flight from Vancouver and Beijing. I awoke the next morning after a short sleep to a beautiful sunny day. I went to the Phoenix and Dragon room on the ninth floor for breakfast. The windows were opened as it was a warm day. I sat by the window overlooking the Huang Pu and Pudong. It was like a fantasy come true. As I looked out the window, my first visual impressions of China were the true China. I will never forget it. The hotel and staff were excellent. The location could not have been better. I love the Peace Hotel, or Heping Fandian, in Chinese. This is a must.	
Apr 22 2007	The place to stay in Shanghai	The Peace hotel delivers on history and comfort.It was a pleasure staying at this hotel.The hotel is an authentic art deco wonder.We stayed here for a week on the seventh floor and enjoyed every minute. The hotel is actually two towers with rooms in the tower farthest from the Bund.When you enter off Nan Jing road, turn to your right and you will find the way to the elevators that lead to the restaurants and roof top bar. One hidden staircase takes you to the pastry shop, which serves pastries, tea, coffee and diet cokes. Another staircase will take you to a small bookstore and the library area.The bar is best visited at night. There is a gorgeous view of the Bund all lit up at night. Plus after a month in China I found they served club house sandwiches with potato chips. Heaven and not overly expensive. The rooms on the seventh floor were spacious, well laid out with a separate dressing room(included a in room safe) and a huge bathroom, with a soaker tub and a separate shower. The location couldn’t have been better, out the door and turn left your on Nan Jing road. Cross the street to the Bund and there is a long walk way that you can stroll on either day or night. If you like glass look for the Lalique statues outside the restaurants, there right there and the Peace Grill has Lalique glass everywhere.	
Mar 15 2007	Tourist trap	The hotel might have gotten its 'good' rep. 10 years ago, but it seems that they haven't done anything with it since. Rooms were big. Beds rock hard.worn out- would be my description. After 4 nights we changhed hotel to Ramada a bit more central on Nanjing lu. Same price but much nicer.	
Feb 13 2007 	Avoid This Hotel!!!	We are from Scotland, and are in Shanghai during the holiday period visiting close Chinese friends. On an evening out, we planned to meet our guests in the bar at the Peace Hotel on The Bund. We arrived first, so we waited in the bar. Our guests then phoned us to say they were arriving, so one of us went outside, met them and brought them into the bar.We asked what they would liked to drink and placed our order. When we were part-way through our drinks, a waitress come over to our table and started talking to our guests, ignoring us. We waived her away. She then opened the menu and started to talk to our guests again, pointing to the cover charge. We then said, quite firmly, that &quot;these are our guests&quot;. The waitress took no notice. She pointed out the service charge to one of our guests. Only once we had said a third time &quot;Yes, we know about the cover charge, it is okay,&quot; did the waitress then leave.We complained to the management before we left, and we are not prepared to suffer such a serious loss of face in front of our important guests. One of us is a senior citizen with many grey hairs and though a working professional person, could be retired if she chose; this was doubly disrespectful against her.One of the reasons we are both so offended is that we have both travelled to Shanghai many times before, and have been treated extremely well, courteously and professionally in other establishments. This contrasts greatly with the treatment we received at The Peace Hotel.The Peace Hotel is unclean, it smells as if it is rotting, the staff are rude. I am amazed that famous dignatories have ever stayed here recently. They have been very ill-advised. What a poor image of China to present to the world!I would urge anyone not to stay in this Hotel, which is barely a shadow of its glory days. Five stars? I would not give it one.	
Nov 27 2006 	Peace Hotel - Its not that bad	I have stayed at the Peace Hotel many times in the last 10 years and can conclude that it is a bit tired and could be cleaner, however, during my extensive travels in China i have stayed in much worse, many in and around Shanghai and I hope these objective points about the Peace hotel will help you:The view is one of the best in Shanghai, particularly from the restaurant though there are many rooms where there is no view at all. The position is also excellent. The food in the restaurant is reasonably priced Chinese cuisine and the menu is translated into English, the breakfast is predominanntly Chinese and will not suit all tastes. The Peace is one of the oldest hotels in China and the fittings and architecture are exquisite, the history of the place is phenominal. The Peace was built in the early 1900's and i suspect it has not been re-fitted since the 60's. The hotel could be cleaner and during my various visits i have had many rooms varying in cleanliness. If you want ultra modern hotel accomodation with fluent English speaking staff and a resaurant offering full Western cuisine then the Peace is not for you. Either way I do not think as a tourist you would want to stay at the Peace for more than a couple of nights.	
Nov 24 2006 	Go for the history	We spent our last night in Shanghai at the Peace Hotel in May. We had previously stayed at the Portman Ritz, the Pudong Shangri-La, and the Grand Hyatt. We knew the Peace Hotel wasn't in the same class, but really wanted one night at this historical hotel. And for one or two nights, I think it's worth a stay. We were in a suite, with very high ceilings and a view out across the river to Pudong. In the morning you could see groups of people practicing Tai Chi in the park along the Bund. The room's furnishings were old-fashioned and a bit worn. You felt as though you'd stumbled into one of those old 1940's movies when you walked through the room. Beds were comfortable, and the bathroom, while not luxurious, was acceptable - hair dryer, soaps, bottled water were all provided. The location is both a plus and a minus. Traffic noise is pretty high all the time, because you're at the end of Nanjing Road right at the Bund. But the view from the rooftop bar/restaurant is spectacular at night, and it's a quick walk over to the Bund, to catch a riverboat cruise, or to walk down to Najing shopping.The breakfast/brunch was included in our hotel price. It doesn't begin to compare to the lavish breakfast spreads at the Ritz or the Grand Hyatt, but you can find enough cheeses, fruits, and breads to slake your appetite until you have lunch.	
Nov 6 2006 	It all depends on what room you get	Stayed at the Peace Hotel in the last leg of an all inclusive tour. There are so many types of rooms that it's a real crap shoot what you'll get on a tour.My room was fabulous; huge, old but well cared for, wonderfully remodelled bathroom, walk in closet. Two of my friends rooms were smaller, but nice.Another friend got a 2 room &quot;suite&quot; that was a nightmare. The sitting room was tiny but okay. The bedroom was miniscule with no dresser, ancient peeling walpaper, and stained bedskirts. I think if you get one of the &quot;outside&quot; rooms you're better off. The bad room in our group faced the smallest of the interior light-wells. The others were on the &quot;back&quot; of the building (so no views), but the rooms were nice enough that we didn't care.	
Oct 19 2006 	If you like old-style grand hotels - go for it!	Some people prefer to stay in hotels offering the latest in design, style or other type of &quot;sophistication&quot; or &quot;luxury&quot;. If you are one of them - don't choose the Peace Hotel in Shanghai. However, if you love old Grand Hotels with a rich history and atmosphere then go for it. Because then you will not mind if the air condition is not cooling the room down to below zero, if the room is a bit noisy (because the hotel is on one of the busies corners of central Shanghai and the windows are not of the double sound-proof type). On the contrary, you will appreciate the little signs of former glamour, the excellent location just off the bund, the beautiful restaurants with their unmatched views of the river and Pudong and the wonderful roof terrace. If you are nice to the staff, they will be nice to you as well. If your only reason for travelling is the best value for money (and value being measured in room amenities and &quot;luxury&quot; gimmicks) then you should choose another hotel. But you will miss the opportunity of experiencing a part of Shanghai's amazing history.	
Oct 9 2006 	Horribly bad	This hotel is terribly bad. The room is dirty and smelly, clerks are rude, the food is lousy, I would only willing to give 1/2 a star!! Stay away from this hotel.	
Oct 5 2006 	Disgustingly Dirty	The Peace Hotel is one of the dirtiest I've stayed in anywhere in the world. The price is high and the cheapest hostel in any city is cleaner. The service is non-existent and some floors are littered with dirt and debris. The place smells bad and the rooms are musty. Give it a miss.	
Sep 29 2006 	Riding on its historic reputation	This hotel may be historic and in a great location but it is hardly enjoyable. I booked my room on the hotel web site which was a pretty good deal. My room was dark and dingy. I had no water pressure and had to shower in the sink. When I called for room service they didn't understand me and so they hung up. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 23 2006 	Five Stars of Horror	I stayed with my wife along with our families for a trip to China. We decided to stay at the Peace because of its reasonable price and its great location along Nanjing Road, Shanghai's famous shopping district. I will first start off with the only positive for this hotel. The location can't be beat in terms of its vicinity to Nanjing Road and also the Bund River, etc. Now I understand that the Peace Hotel is a famous historical landmark built in 1929 with its architecture carefully preserved. However, under no circumstances can I recommend anyone to stay in this hotel unless it was a total emergency. When you first enter the hotel, its smells like rotting wood. The carpets are disgustingly worn and the hotel is in complete need of remodeling. This place looked like something out of a horror movie. Things get worse when you enter the rooms. We had four rooms and all of them had serious mildew and mold issues in the bathrooms (see pictures attached) that were disgusting and the carpets continued to be dirty and worn down. The showers were designed in such a poor way that if you took a shower, water would not drain properly and ended up flooding the entire bathroom. (Some advice: Bring flop flops for the shower.) We stayed on the 2nd floor of the South Tower (where the restaurants were-We didn't eat there for obvious reasons). If you unfortunately do need to stay there, pick a room higher up as you can hear the traffic and horns honking at all times during the day.I simply do not comprehend how this hotel has a 5 star rating. To add insult to injury, the hotel staff was also below average and many had poor Enlgish compared to other Chinese hotels I have stayed at.This is about a 1.5 star hotel at best and I am being kind. This might have been the dirtiest hotel/motel I have stayed at (Hotel 6, Days Inn, etc. included)I did speak to the Concierge and they did say the hotel will be shut down sometime in 2007 for a full remodel. Don't stay there till then!Some general advice: -When shopping for hotels in China, the best rule of thumb is to stick with foreign run hotel chains (Hyatt, Marriott, Novotel, Sofitel, etc) as Chinese run hotels have a tendency to have inflated star ratings (like the Peace.) and not be as well kept.-Unless you are at a department store or some type of chain store, most items can be bargained for (especially street vendors). If you are paying more than 50% of their first offer or the listed price, you are probably overpaying (Try to get them down to 25-40% of their first offer)-Stick with cabs with meters. Cabs are ridiculously cheap.-Pedestrians do not have the right on way! Watch out when crossing the street!	
Sep 13 2006 	Unbelievable Bad	I stayed here for a week in September 2006 in the north wing, supposedly the more 'upmarket'. This hotel was about a 1 star hotel. standard room was tiny, dirty, the aircon didnt work properly, the wiring was hanging out of the wall, the room had one tiny window which overlooked a service shaft. The room was dark. Room service appalling. food overpriced and mis-represented. eg stewed peaches were 3 peache halves straight from the can. Telephone was unreliable due to poor wiring. Business center vastly overpriced with terible service. Porters surly. A plague of umbrella sellers, pen sellers, watch sellers cluster around the front door and are not chased away by hotel staff as one would expect at a reasonable hotel. I speak Chinese and had 4 fights with the reception about various aspects of the room, the service and so on. DO NOT stay here; visit the jazz bar for a drink, take photos of the building, have food across the road in peace hotel annexe (south) but do not support this smelly, dark, overpriced rip-off! (only good aspect is location - right on the Bund and Nanjing rd)	
Aug 19 2006 	Good and Bad	There are positive and negative things to say about the Peace Hotel. If you're looking for a decent place to stay in a great location, this is the place. If you want luxury, you need to go elsewhere.Positives: LOCATION. Right on the Bund and at the beginning of Shanghai's main shopping street, the Peace Hotel has the best location in the city. Otherwise, I had a standard room and while the bathroom was old and tired, the room was very spacious. I needed an extra bed in the hotel room, and even with the bed there was plenty of space in the room.Negatives: The bathroom was terrible. Staff were generally short of rude, but nowhere near helpful. I asked several times for recommendations on where to get tailored suits in Shanghai, and each time the concierge directed me to the wrong place. Also, on check in I went to the main building (North) and staff informed me that I had no booking even though I had pre-paid through Expedia. The problem was that I had booked in the South Tower. Apparently the same hotel is on different booking systems. Word of advice for Shanghai as well: when taking taxis, NEVER take the red taxis. They are run by an unethical company and will rip you off. Stay with the green cabs.	
Jul 31 2006	Fantastic Peace	There are too many things to say about the Peace Hotel, but i must say that the location is fantastic located at the bund and on Nanjing road. It is only about a 5-10minute walk to the major shopping on Nanjing road, with all its bright neon lights, was like a mini Vegas.The hotel's ambience is relaxing and friendly, they have a great jazz band that play all the great oldies. The hotel room was more like an apartment it was that huge, and the bathroom was more a something you would see in a suite.No complaints, and one of the restuarants has the best chocolate tarts i've ever tasted. TO DIE FOR!!!If going back, i would never have to second guess as to where to stay, unless of cause booked out as is so POPULAR!!	
Jun 15 2006 	Peace of....	After pre-booking this hotel through Amex Travel, the front desk staff refused to honour the standard corporate rate for my company and demanded I pay about 40% more. After about 10 phone calls to various managers and about 40 minutes later, the unfriendly front desk staff finally relented to giving me the pre-negotiated rate. My reward for my perceived stubbornness was a dingy room with damp peeling wallpaper, yellowing curtains, a TV that didnt work, and a lovely view across a dark alley to an adjoining brick wall. I must say I was warned by other posters here about the staff and hotel facilities but thought perhaps there might have been a bit of exaggeration happening here. Next time I'll pay $10 more and try somewhere a little higher on the Tripadvisor popularity index.	
Jun 1 2006	Good location	This landmark hotel is in a great location, but it is a historic hotel and things (like air conditioning) do not always work as anticipated. Stayed with a large group in standard rooms with the hardest beds I have ever been on in my life. Service was good, overall cleanliness of the hotel good. Staff were pleasant, not overly friendly but helpful if you asked for something. I think a good value for the money. Property has some nice restoration work and modern upgrades have been tastefully incorporated.	
May 6 2006	Peace Hotel not as bad as anticipated	I had always wanted to stay at the Peace Hotel, but after reading the reviews here I was reluctant. It was much better than I had anticipated.I found the the front desk, bell hops, and concierge all to be very professional and friendly.I did not eat in any of the restaurants so I cannot comment.Definitely DO NOT waste your money on the jazz band. It was beyond terrible, totally off key and a ripoff. The hostess in the jazz bar was rude and obnoxious.The rooftop bar is worth the price of a drink; really fantastic view.My room was very small, but it was the least expensive available in the main building.The bathroom was modern and clean, and the room was nothing great, but not bad for the price I paid. There was distant construction going on, but not enough noise to bother me.All in all, it was not bad. One night is enough to experience the old-world atmosphere.	
Apr 25 2006	Stay away!	They try to say it is a 5* hotel- NO WAY. I had to upgrade my room bec the SURPIOR room I ordered was garbage with view to the yard. The resturant is a 2* hotel resturant, terrible service and I was charged for food I didn't get. No more in Peace hotel. For 190US$ you can a much better hotel	
Apr 11 2006	Too many locals	I have just spent two weeks as a tour leader in China. Shanghai was our last city and I had requested of the tour company that we stay at the Peace Hotel. My last stay there was wonderful. This time the rooms were like saunas as there is no AC and we had to ask for fans. Also, the dining room staff are slow and sometimes downright rude. My main beef was the local country people using the front steps as a pick up place for their tours around the city. If the hotel does not do something soon about this idiocy, they will lose their overseas customers. Trying to push through a seetheing mass of yelling people is not pleasant.On the good side, the hotel is close to everything and the house-keeping staff are always obliging. PS. Never stay in Zhouzhuang overnight. They still have not learnt how to set tables for breakfast.Cartam	
Mar 29 2006	The checkin was a warning	The check in should have warned us, the staff were rude and abrasive and the smell of sewage at the desk was hardly five star. On first entering the room looked impressive but the furnishings and fittings looked tired and when the bath was drawn the water was yellow. Our bed was like sleeping on old ornate doors and the TV was so far away it was not worth having on. Breakfast was a very basic affair the bacon and scrambled eggs were greasy and the toaster was useless with staff hard to attract. A simple request for milk to be delivered to our room was met with a total lack of communication. Waiting for room service meals was a drawn out affair and the end result was dodgy anyway. The bar on the mezzanine level had the smell of the nearby toilets wafting in and the combined smell of sewage and cooking was present whilst waiting for the lifts on the upper levels. Our upgraded room looked across to a building site were work was going on at all hours of the night. The staff were noisy in the hallways and constantly banging the doors to the service areas. One of our many surprises was coming back to our room on the day the temperature was 3°C to find the heating turned off. Whilst exploring the hall that runs from the foyer to the Bund entrance we noticed the doors appeared to be closed off we found out why when about halfway down the hall we were driven back by the stench of raw sewage. The only thing missing was Basil - five star no, Fawlty Towers yes!	
Mar 20 2006	No Manners	I recently stayed in the Peace Hotel in Shanghai with my parents, and while the room was charming, the staff was not. We stayed in one of the nice suites facing the river and the room itself was o.k., though the carpeting and furniture were a little old and holey. The front desk staff, however, were rude and not the least bit helpful. I live in China so I am accustomed to Chinese culture, and this was not some kind of cultural difference, they were just RUDE. If you've never been to China, and think you'll need help finding restaurants, places of interest, etc., don't stay here. You'll be lucky if the front desk staff acknowledge your presence let alone provide any information.	
Mar 9 2006 	Old World Charm	I had the pleasure of visiting Shanghai for business in February and spent my free time, 3 nights, at the Peace Hotel. I used Trip Advisor for guidance and got what I expected, old world charm in a very old and some what dated hotel which for me only added to the pleasure of my trip.Excellent location on The Bund, close to shopping and the Yu Yuan Gardens and the Old Town. I would happily stay there again.	
Mar 6 2006 	never again	I stayed at the Peace Hotel in May 2005. It was an experience I do not wish to repeat. The room was smelly, the furniture broken and glued together with some sort of superglue and the upholstery was so dirty the I did not dare to sit on the chairs without putting a clean towel onto the seat! My reservation was for a non-smoking room - that apparently means the after you arrive in your room housekeeping knocks on your door to take away the ash trays! The window did not close properly - that of course did not stop the rain entering the room through the 1 inch gap at the window. The whole window side was not damp (it rained for a few days) it was soaking wet. On top of it this hotel was as expensive as the Sheraton and the Marriot in Hong Qiau - the problem was that both hotels where booked out during my first night due to trade fairs.	
Nov 26 2005	Well past its Sell-by date	Having recently spent a night at the Peace Palace hotel, a world famous hotel with a long and colourful history, I was extremely disappointed with the cleanliness, service and facilities. The hotel, and particularly the rooms, are dowdy and grubby. In fact the whole hotel could do with a thoroughly good spring clean. The attitude of the staff leaves much to be desired, and one gets the feeling that they are doing you a favour simply talking to you.The well known “Jazz Bar” is nothing but a rip-off. Even as a hotel guest, you are expected to pay for the privilege of buying drinks in there, and listening to a Geriatric Band that is way past its Sell-by-Date. The band sound as though they are on an old wind up record player whose spring is broken, and they certainly have no ‘joie de vivre’ left. The Peace Palace hotel is living off its past reputation, and in this day and age, should certainly not be classed as a 5 Star hotel.I do not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 26 2005	Historic older Peace Hotel	Spent three nights at the historic Peace hotel, wow what a place, all is good, but i only stayed in the least expensive room, so not quite the Hilton, but this hotel has been around for some time and is very pretty inside, service is great. Its based a short walk from the river at the end of the main shopping street. loved it, try it .	
Nov 14 2005	Peace Hotel - excellent stay and great location	I was truly worried about our stay at the Peace, reading all the reviews below. I was therefore pleasantly surprised to find our room was HUGE (as big as one I had at the Island Shangri-la, admittedly in Hong Kong). The room was clean and the amenities provided (toothbrush, toothpaste, slippers etc) on a par with and even better than some of the luxury hotels. We stayed as part of a package, so weren't even accorded one of the better rooms (we had a rubbish view). Staff were pleasant and I found the breakfast of good quality. Our friends' room had a slight smell but personally I always burn a lavender candle and can't see what the problem is.The location is perfect - you are 3 mins from Bar Rouge at Bund 8 and the only issue is the hawkers/beggars that besiege you the moment you step outside, but that's hardly Peace's fault.In short - we had a great stay and would stay there again. As for a Pudong hotel - well Shanghai traffic is awful and personally I prefer to be on the Bund side. Obviously if you're there for business then Pudong may suit better, but the Peace cannot be beaten.	
Nov 5 2005	Peace Hotel Was Just Fine	Spent two nights at the Peace Hotel. I had a room facing Nanjing Road, on the 5th floor. And yeah...It's a noisy street (but not late at night). I suppose if you had your windows open, it would bother, even on the 5th floor. But it's so muggy so often, I can't imagine why you'd have them open anyway. I don't know about the 'new' wing vs. the 'old' wing, but my room was spacious, clean, a big bathroom with nice amenities, a good minibar, and a decent selection of television channels, including CNN.The hotel was built in 1929, and has been restored or kept intact, as far as I can see. One could call it gloomy, I suppose. But it's authentically gloomy, if so. There are some great architectual details around, and everything needing updating seems to have been updated.The staff was helpful and friendly. The concierge arranged for dinner reservations one evening without a hitch. No questionable billing tactics or that kind of thing, everything was as it should be.Breakfast on the uppermost floor is like buffet breakfasts you get all over China: Some Western things, some Chinese things, pllus an omelette chef. It was just fine for me...Plenty to choose from, and tasty. In fact, on our last morning, they arranged a 'breakfast box' for us, as our flight was very early, and so they gave us something for the road.In all, I would say that if you like charming old hotels, and if you want to feel like you're in Shanghai the fabled 'Paris of the Orient', the Peace Hotel would be a great choice (though you might want to make sure you're in the 'right' wing or building so you get a room like mine). However, if you're more into a modern kind of place, it probably isn't for you. As for service, there may be more pampering hotels around, but there wasn't anything I wanted that couldn't be provided.	
Sep 9 2005	Let it Rest in Peace	We asked for a hotel with a central location and stayed there on our first and last 4 nights. On the first visit I was wondering what all the fuss was about. The hotel certainly needs a lot of capital investment but the room was clean, reasonably spacious and light. What a change though when we returned and had a room overlooking the light well in the centre. The bathroom was mouldy, the floor looked as if it had not been cleaned for some time. We changed to another, larger room on the 'executive floor' and this was shabby but cleaner. The room was very dark and even in the daylight it was only possible to read when sitting beside one of the lamps. A disproportionate number of staff had name tags stating trainee but, particularly in the dining room, they appeared to be disorganised and, in their shabby, ill fitting uniforms, somewahat lacking in customer service attributes. On the morning we left, they were still setting up breakfast when the early eaters had been and gone.Don't do it. There is no reason to choose this relic.	
Aug 9 2005 	Stay at Shangri La Pudong- same price better evrything!!	The Hotel is truely a mixture of ancient and modern decore built in a Gothic Style, it once was known for its luxury and magnificence.(not any more!!!).We come to Shanghai often and usually stay at Pudong Shangi la which is fabulous but decided to try the Peace Hotel for a change. What a disappointment!! The only good thing about it is the location to the Bund and shops/markets. The Jazz Club is fabulous but very expensive, even coffee is so overpriced.Our room had no airconditioning as it had broken down, we asked for a reduce fee because of it but in the Peace Hotel its sorry, sorry, sorry no...no... The restaurant looks impressive but the service slow and ordinary.The worse thing is the staff so rude!!!! They need to have lessons at The Shangi la Hotel. We decided never to stay here again!! but I still stop here to visit the toilet and have coffee(even though I know I'm being ripped off) as least its clean and civilized.	
Aug 7 2005	i should have listened		
Jun 23 2005 	Shocker!		
May 13 2005	Not a good idea		
Mar 3 2005	Who are these people?		
Jan 27 2005	Shut it down!		
Nov 17 2004	Ideal Location		
Nov 12 2004	Not a 5-star		
Aug 17 2004 	a faded star		
Jun 17 2004	What a nightmare!!!		
Aug 8 2009 	?????????????		
Feb 3 2009 	??????????		
