Sep 7 2009 	a genuine 5 star hotel	My husband and I took advantage of their weekend rate, we stayed last Friday- Sunday and it was a good conclusion to our trip in Shanghai after we had an unpleasant stay at another hotel. We have been to many high class hotels and this is one of them, beautiful decor and quality furnitures throughout. Food was good and staff generally helpful and spoke good English which is an exception in China. Overall we were very happy with the Sheraton.	
Jul 31 2009 	Need to do more to keep up to the Brand Name	Sheraton is a brand who's tag line is 'belong'. Being a SPG platinum member, I have stayed in quite a few Sheraton's. All my colleague's advice me to stay at the renaissance next door which I heed to till date. But in a fit of fury i decided to stay at the Sheraton. Lobby: Good expansive lobby. Bit old. but functional. Service in the lobby was quick and I was escorted to my room( which was changed a day later due to maintenance work.)Rooms: Had what you may call a suite - a big room separated by a partition. First thing when one goes into a hotel room would notice is the smell. If the room smells good it would probably be pleasant. But it was Bad here. Did not expect this from Sheraton. I suppose it is do with the AC and the rains. The service is also pathetic. They tend to neglect basic things like replacing the toiletries. The bed was also not upto the mark. The housekeeping never even bothered to clean the carpet once in my stay i suppose as a small spill of peanuts which i made on the first day was there till i left. Room service never responded with a smile. Internet was one of the worst which i had seen at a sheraton..Overall I would say this hotel really needs to do a lot of work to change the outlook as well as how it looks inside. Checked out of the hotel and moved to the Renaissance even though its a bit expensive.	
Jun 18 2009 	a truly fabulous hotel with top notch service	The hotel is not located in the middle of downtown but you can travel to all the major spots via metered cab ( the doorman is on standby there to get one for you esp. during rush hours, about 15 mins ) or take the metro ( 10 mins walking distance to the station and maximum 10 mins to downtown ). Two biggest exhibition centers are situated right next to the hotel – if you are traveling for any exhibitions, which will be perfect for you.Usually I don’t like to eat in the hotel’s restaurant, but since they offer some free drinks during that time, I tried the Italian restaurant on 27th floor, it turned out to be an impressive experience. The female Italian chef just arrived in town not long time and she exactly knows what she is doing and the food tastes awesome and you can have an excellent view of the city. I also had my business lunch on the 2nd floor’s Japanese restaurant, the service is again awesome and humble. The waitresses are running in the restaurant and just get what you want in a minute although it is pretty busy. The breakfast buffet again is fantastic, but if you don’t have enough time to eat there – they have a ‘grab and go’ counter right in the lobby, coffee and fresh bakeries. I really have to mention that the deli on the 2nd floor offers the most extensive selection of home made meat items – just like what I can find in Frankfurt, and lots of fresh pastries. I was told that this is the best bakery in Shanghai from one of the frequent guests I bumped into. Generally speaking, the staff is all courteous and the service is professional and humble, the front office girl wearing traditional Chinese qipao are very friendly and helpful and have a good knowledge of city happenings. The hotel room is very warm and cozy to me, it has an ‘East meets West‘ style which are very distinguished from other new hotels. The Sheraton’s signature sweet sleeper beds are very soft / fluffy and comfortable – I usually bring my own travel pillow but in here, I can sleep very well. The gym on the 5th floor has all the imported machines. If you have spare time, can also try the lovely Spa next to it.Another thing is the GM of the hotels sit in the lobby every morning during hotel’s rush hour, so if you have any problem, he is very approachable and willing to help. This is truly different from other hotels where you can never solve your problems because you can’t find the right person / decision makers.Last but not least, it is a worthy 5-star hotel and you’ve gotta try it.	
Jun 5 2009 	A SPECIAL LOCATION	About location. This hotel is not in the centre, to the centre 15-30 minutes by taxi (about 50-70 RMB). The district is a special business district for foreigners (with girls also). There are expensive shops for local buyers, restaurants, but you have not a choice, like in the centre of city, where you can walk, go to 1000 of restaurants and see Shanghai life. The hotel. Nice, big hall. But...small rooms, WiFi is not complimentary (it is a racket!), small territory - no tennis court, no walking place, no garden (there is a garden - like a room). FOOD - at the top flour there is an Italian restaurant - expensive but not tasty! (There is a wine collection). Ground flour restaurant can make a poison - you shall not died but you shall think so. For this - the hotel is very expensive, I think.Good trip everybody!!!	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent hotel	Excellent well appointed rooms with good location next to the exhibition centre	
Mar 30 2009 	Exactly as expected from a Sheraton hotel	Its always nice to come to a city to which you have never travelled before and feel home in a comfortable place.I have stayed at a few Sheratons before, so I knew roughly what to expect from the hotel.LOCATION:The location was perfect for me, it was not on the Bund or downtown, but more to the west side of the city. There is a Starbucks/McDonalds within 5 minutes walking distance and plenty of Chinese and other Asian restaurants around.The drive from the International airport to the hotel was about 45 minutes.CHECK IN:Smooth, professional, got the non-smoking room I requested for. Check in was quick at 17h00.ROOM:I believe I had a standard room. Nothing fancy, but a good bed. Big flatscreen with CNN and a handful of other international channels. No seperate shower (always a petty). The minibar was well stocked.BREAKFAST:Plenty of space, plenty of choice. Various Cheeses, sausages, juices, breads, etc, etc. Not the most choise Ive ever had, but again plenty of hotels I stayed in with less choice.OVERALL:A good hotel to stay if you can not afford time to get settled in a local/boutique hotel. At this hotel you know what you get and you will get it. The price you always pay with the big brand hotel is that there is very little charisma/character	
Mar 12 2009 	Terrific rooms and great breakfast	I do not understand the negative reviews that this hotel received.I received free accommodation and breakfast as I won a competition, so I am trying to be careful that this does not overly bias my review.The lobby has two large chandeliers. Checkin was smooth with four clerks handling arivals, though I gather that occupancy was down to 60 per cent.Our 15th floor room and the accompanying hallway appeared to have been recently renovated, as had the business centre, fitness centre and admittedly small indorr swimming pool.The room was exceptionally quiet and presumably double-glazed even though it backed onto a freeway or tollway that seemed to only carry cars and motorcycles/ scotters (no noisy trucks were viewed).Beds were comfortable; the room had excellent lighting and a modern plasma television, as well as a large writing desk and trendy chair.Two complimentary bottles of tap water were provided each day, as were lotion, shampoo, conditioner and a reasonable range of teas plus plunger coffee.The bathroom had a modern glass bowl as its basin: I could not work out how to lower the plug. The bath was a reasonable size and again new, with a good sup-ply of hot water evident. There were six lights in the bathroom including one uplight, which gives some idea of the good standard of illumination.The wardrobe was a reasonable size. Breakfast on the ground floor was excellent: the only notable omissions were mango juice and cooked tomato (raw tomato was available). Everything else from breads, yoghurts, cold cuts, hot dishes and even dried mango, walnuts and cashews to place on one's cereal was available, as was the 'egg station' with two chefs to cook to order.As usual in this type of hotel, Internet through the business centre was extortionate at CNY7.5 for the first ten minutes then CNY1 per two minutes thereafter.The only other thing I found strange was that the mens' facilities near the swimming pool and fitness centre lacked showers: of course, one is able to walk up to one's room and shower.	
Dec 17 2008 	Far Far Away	Firstly i would say, Ok hotel with a very far away from almost everything. But still easy to reach if you land@Hongqiao airport. I would suggest anyone have to leave for this airport or train station(south terminal) Otherwise forget about it. IT to Far Away! Bellman and concierge very helpful. Subway is 4 block away 10 mins walk. Nothing much to see around except one shopping mall names ParkSon. Hotel is right next to Renaissance hotels. Reception also nice and helpful. Club lounge is ok but nothing to mention it. Check out process is super slow due to unprofessional staff i guess. Room ok, if you got suite pls. not take the one that similar like connecting room. Try to get room digit follow by XX01 only. that make your suite more space. Main restaurant is ok, buffet also fine. Atmosphere also fine as regular old fashion Sheraton. Only one problem so far, that Housekeeping did not do their job properly. Till night before checkout i desire to report to Duty manager. So in the morning Assistant front office manager promptly get back to me with a fantastic manner and result. I am really sincerely appreciate.	
Nov 1 2008 	OK but there are much better hotels for the money	The Sheraton at Hongqiao is ok, and i didn't have some of the problems that previous reviewers encountered (esp the overbearing staff in the lobby, or having to pay for phone bookings via the concierge). The building is quite old and in some parts that really shows (e.g. bathrooms) At some point relatively recently they have tried to freshen the hotel up &amp; have updated the fit-out of the rooms. The location is lousy... a long way west of the city. Fine if you have a reason to stay this far west, but otherwise, you would NEVER choose to be this far away from the centre. The rooms are basic but fine. The furniture is dark wood &amp; old-fashioned but style aside, it does the job. Like other reviewers, I found the bed to be rock hard - uncomfortably so (and i like a hard bed). The air conditioning worked fine. The bathroom was a mix of new &amp; old. The shower had one of the oldest mixer taps i have ever seen, though the wash-basin and bathroom storage shelves were much newer glass (although showing scratches &amp; signs of age).The breakfast buffet was ok (incl in the room rate), although it was some of the worst coffee i have ever tasted. I didn't buy any other food or drinks from the hotel (so can't comment on other reviewers comments of high prices).All in all, it's a typical older Sheraton in a terrible location... and in Shanghai where there are so many other hotels, you really wouldn't choose to stay here.	
Sep 4 2008	Very average business hotel	For the rate charged (around 1400 RMB), this is by no means a cheap alternative by Shanghai standards. The hotel staff hardly speaks English and the ones that do frequently misunderstood our orders. The room is alright, but nothing more.Beware of room service and restaurant prices, a complete rip-off and the quality of the food (at least at their Italian restaurant) is appalling. Paid over 800 RMB for a two course meal with a glass of champagne. The starter was borderline uneatable, the main course was overdone and the potatoes/sauce tasted very poor. The champagne (at 180 RMB per glass!) was poured up from an already opened bottle that was simmered and the carbon oxide nonexistent. Tasted really bad, and the waiter even tried getting away with a half full glass.The lobby is spacious but with teared seating - skip the food there and head somewhere else if you want an enjoyable dining experience.Would not recommend this hotel if a better alternative is on the table.	
Aug 19 2008 	Sunday Brunch	I didn't stay, just had Brunch there with friends and wanted to let others know about the GREAT value for money: For RMB 238 they serve literally hundreds of hot and cold dishes, from oysters to lobster to Sashimi, breakfast dishes, lunch dishes hot and cold, desserts....fantastic. In my view the best deal in town. There is also free-flow Sparkling Wine, beer and soft drinks.They have a Filippino Jazz trio entertaining from start to finish.Service is great, staff is friendly and (most) speak English :-)	
Jan 26 2008 	Very average for a Sheraton	Stayed for work for a week. Hotel staff are all friendly and courteous. Ran meetings in the ball room for a week, function rooms are quite good. Food however is very sub par and expensive. Breakfast buffet is very expensive for what you get. Function package we had for morning/afternoon tea and lunch was horrible. Same bad food every day. Business center is also expensive for printing. Wouldn't really recommend it.	
Jan 23 2008 	Excellent Business Hotel	Stay in this hotel for 2 days in Jan 2008. Things I like: The hotel is new, room is well equiped. The staffs are well trained, courteous and very helpful. I felt the overall services is great and well ahead of most hotel in China. Things I dislike: Except for the below average breakfast and the pricey rate, there is no other weak link that I can pick on. However, maybe due to the focus to cater for bussiness traveller, everything seen so &quot;by the book&quot; that it lack the surprise element to really leave an impression.I will recommend the hotel to those who have to be in Shangahi because the job call for but not to those who are there for holiday.	
Dec 27 2007 	Superb blend of east and west	I spent 6 nights here on business. I was on the Starwood Preferred Guests Floor which was 19th out of 26. I can't speak for other floors, but my room was spacious, comfortable and thoroughly immaculate. Bathroom was completely new and modern. Seating and desk area was comfortable. The hotel in general is opulent and well staffed. It has wonderful Chinese styling so you don't feel like you are at home, but don't feel out of place either. There are attendants everywhere ready to help. It is a major ex pat hotel so English is pervasive. No language difficulties. They cater to English speakers and greatly helped directing taxi drivers and making reservations. I thought the room was reasonably priced, but everything else is way overpriced by local standards. Breakfast is near $30! Mini-bar items were twice what I'd expect even in NYC. This is surprising considering there were numerous local and more reasonable options available nearby. The PROS - right off of the highway makes it easy access for taxis. It is near a number of high-end department stores and numerous restaurants (including Starbucks for morning coffee and McD when you just need a french-fry fix.). Area is Westernized so you'll feel plenty comfortable exploring.The CONS - it is outside central loop, a good 20+ minutes to the Bund, and longer to Pudong. Area is Westernized so it lacks a local flavor. Not much by way of cheap local shops, most stores are higher priced (but not necessarily higher quality). It's a 15min walk to the nearest subway station so taxis are required, but they're cheap!	
Dec 20 2007 	Overall good but little mixed	I stayed in one of the Club Rooms recently.Unfortunately, they could not give me a non smoking room, so had a smoking room, on promise 'it would not smell'. Admittedly, it did not - it was fine. However, the floor outside smelt like an ashtray! Very unpleasant everytime I walked to/from my room.The service overall was fine - if a little variable. Example in the Club room where most of the staff were prepared to help with anything - booking restaurants, booking taxis, recommending restaurants etc. However one of them (inexperienced possibly?) simply said (very nicely) to go to the concierge on the ground floor. not much help!Rooms were fine - average for a Sheraton, nothing special but clean, spacious &amp; comfortable, with Internet access, decent TV etc. as expected nowadays.	
Dec 7 2007 	oriental oppulence	a top class hotel in the gube area which has a lot of western expats and therefore a lot of mixed restaurants in the district. This hotel offers everthing the discerning traveler would want, lovely foyer bar and restaurants, probably a touch out of the way but everything else makes up for this slight inconvenience	
Apr 30 2007	Shanghai'd in Shanghai	This is one of the worse run hotels I have been at in a long time. Typical Sheraton style - a lot of grandeur, but horrible service, facilities and overall experience. Food is god awful. No matter where you go or what you do in the hotel, it will cost you $$$. Ever hear of a $12 1.5 liter bottle of water? How about a $20 pizza? Better yet, $70 for coffee for four. I should have had the meeting at Starbucks.Outdated room decors, where fitted sheets seem to be unknown to the cleaning staff. Bathroom decor needs to be updated and more functional. Location is one of the hardest to get to in Shanghai. Unless you have a lot of money to spend for nothing, this is not a hotel for a business traveller.	
Nov 22 2006 	OK but...	Like other contributors, this hotel is a mixed bag.The ground floor-lobby,bars,lounge is a mess. There are plenty of staff waiting to 'help', but there is an overbearing sensation. The piano keeps playing ad nauseum- it must drive the staff insane!Bedroom OK but smallish, staff polite, drinks too expensive, good breakfasts.	
Nov 6 2006 	I will never stay here again	I stayed at the Sheraton Grand in Shanghai during a recent 3 week trip which included the Park Hyatt in Tokyo, the St. Regis in Beijing, the Red Capital Ranch at the Great Wall, the Peninsula in Hong Kong, and the JW Marriott in Shanghai.Our group's experience at the Sheraton was not good. As a Sheraton Grand property, I expected a hotel comparable to the others. The management of the Sheraton should visit these other properties to learn how to properly run a luxury hotel.Our first problem occured upon our arrival at the airport. We used the Sheraton's airport sedan service for our transfer from the airport to the hotel. The Sheraton touts that they use BMW sedans for this service. Yes, a BMW was provided, but when all the luggage would not fit in the trunk, the driver refused to put one of the carryon bags on the front passenger seat. We were forced to wait while a different vehicle was obtained. The driver of the Mercedes sedan at the Park Hyatt and the driver of the Rolls Royce at the Peninsula had no problem with placing a bag on the front seat.My room at the Sheraton was a suite on the club/executive floor. The suite was somewhat small, but adequate. However, there were so many unnecessary pieces of furniture and decorations in the room that it seemed tiny. The breakfast offering in the club lounge was marginal.The hotel attitude is definitely &quot;off&quot; for a luxury hotel. Five of us wanted to sit the lobby lounge while we waited for another member of our group to arrive. We sat down and 3 of the 5 ordered drinks, but 2 decided not to order anything. The waitress then informed us that everyone in the group must order something. Those not ordering are not allowed to sit in the lounge. Keep in mind tha there is not anywhere else to sit in the lobby while waiting.In the couple of days that we were at the Sheraton, there were a few similar occurances. For such a short stay we were amazed how many times our behavior conflicted with their rules. We decided to check out early and transfer the the JW Marriott (which we found to be an excellent hotel).There are signs placed around the hotel prohibiting various things. The feel is more of a military camp than a 5 star hotel.I believe these problems are probably due to management's reliance on strict enforcement of some rules, the results of which have not been fully considered. Overall, the staff was friendly and efficient, but they had to enforce &quot;the rules&quot;.During previous trips to Shanghai, I have stayed at the Jin Jiang (the old Jin Jiang, but in the new wing) and the Intercontinental. I would recommend both of these over the Sheraton and I would pick the JW Marriott as my first choice.The Sheraton property itself is very nice and convenient to conducting business on the West side of town, but this does not make up for the negatives.	
Sep 16 2006 	mixed feelings	I have been staying 4 nights in the club executive room and I have some mixed feeling about everything, but this may possibly be said also for other chinese properties .Hotel is nicely kept though not young ,rooms are in a traditional american style (not mine definitely) bathrooms are small and a little be oldstyled .Equipments in the room is satisfying,beds confortable ,airconditioning so and so.Club room quite small and without toilets , so after the first two drinks you will need to go back to your room.Staff friendly in the chinese way (they say no more often than in any other country worldwide but probably that's how they are trained...you cannot leave your brifecase to the concierge if it contains a laptop !!! they charge you for tickets reconfirmation and restaurant boookings) .Prices of drinks in hotel is ridicolous with a beer or glass of wine close to 10 euros .Location also not primary , you are 30 minutes away from the bund without restaurants or interesting shopping malls nearby.Food at hotel is acceptable - over average if you go to the Italian restaurant.After having spent three weeks in other asian countries probably I got spoiled and the attitude found at this hotel was somehow confusing	
Feb 25 2006	Great Hotel although a little overbearing	This hotel is amazing. It definately deserves the five stars. I've stayed at plenty of Sheratons before but this one has got to be the best. The rooms were not only spacious but very very comfortable. Of course, that may be a reason why you chose Sheraton with their well known Heavenly bedsheets. The service is definately remarkable, botht the Concierge and other staff. There are literally 6-7 people greeting you when you enter the hotel, check in, etc... When you return to the hotel with even one tiny little bag, the staff will get it for you and bring it to your room. I've never had that service in the US, not even at W-Hotel. This may sound a bit overbearing, but hey you're getting the price you paid for. Would you rather have this service or some crappy service and room? As for the food, we didn't try the restaurants because there were so many choices outside of the hotel. The only bad thing about the hotel is that its not in the downtown area. But still, its only about $21 RMB ($3 USD) to take the taxi to the Pudong area (Downtown). I would most definately return to this Sheraton if I'm ever in Shanghai again.	
Jan 3 2006	Over-bearing over-attentive staff.	This is a very grand-looking hotel with a lobby full of chandeliers, sculptures and marble. Got a room as a Gold Preferred Guest, it was very modern but not fully comfortable. When you first check in, Housekeeping would leave 2 rubber ducks by the tub and a teddy bear (and yes, a stuffed animal)on the bed that all have tags that say &quot;take me home.&quot; This could seem a little spooky as the first impression of the hotel room. And if you put the teddy bear away, it would reappear on the same spot night after night. The entire staff was very nice and polite, but no doubt they are all overly attentive and can be over-bearing at times. When you walk in and out, at least over 5 people say &quot;good morning&quot; or &quot;good evening&quot; to you at the same time, and when you leave the restaurants, some of them would even put the jacket on for you. The hotel bar was just so-so, and the breakfast was okay. Room service was terrible. Gym was big but the equipment choices were very scattered (different treadmills, bikes, weights, etc.).All in all, stay there for the grandness and don't expect comfort of a hotel like home.	
Aug 30 2005 	nice hotel bad location	The hotel is most definently a five star hotel, but there is one problem.The location of the hotel is realy bad! I went outside for a walk, and there is almost nothing to see! Also, I went about five minutes and about twenty people came over to me to ask me to buy something(watches,food,massage) It was not very comfortable.Regarding the rooms, I stayed in a regular room and it was just gorgeous!The furniture that the room provides was outstanding! If you are there on business then this is for sure a room for you! The service was also very good as the people in the hotel are very nice! Overall, the hotel is worth the stay but the location is not good like other hotels in Shanghai!	
Nov 10 2004 	Poor service of a Concierge staff	I stayed at the Sheraton Grand Tai Ping Yang for two nights in end October. The staff are generally friendly and helpful apart from one concierge staff.On the first day, the concierge staff, Wilfred have kindly made few restaurant reservations for me. However, on the second day, when I asked another concierge staff, Franklin to make further reservation, he refused by lying that his telephone can only connect internal lines. I then queried why the staff can do so the previous day. He then asked my room no. and advised the phone charge will be billed to my room. I also queried why this was not requested the day before. He then even asked me to make the reservation myself and stated it is just a phone call! After much argument, he finally agreed to make the reservation but with much reluctance. I was really astonished with such a rude service provided by a Concierge from a 5 star hotel! I am a regular business traveller but have never encounterd such a poor service from any hotels in China or the Far East. I will not consider staying at this hotel again as the quality of staff is so inconsistent.	
Aug 31 2004	Almost Like Being Home	Arrived late on a Friday from the US. Greeted by any surrounding staff as entering the Hotel and escorted to the front desk. Service was more attentitive than the parent Westin hotels are in the States. Stayed in a Club room and surroundings were quiet and very comfortable allowing a much needed sleep. Closet was well equipped with at a dozen hangers of differnt types, small safe, extra pillow (in case 5 on the bed weren't enough), an iron and full size ironing board. Bathroom had tub/shower, glass bowl sik and vanity, soaps, gels, lotion and shampoo, nail kit, shoe cloth, combs, toothbrush, sewing kit, most anything you might need and a couple of rubber ducks. Main room had a large flat screen lcd TV, bed, desk and chair, high speed internet connection (extra fee), sitting chair with coffee table, dressers and end tables. I'd guess it was about 400 sq. ft. Controls for HVAC were mounted on the wall easy to find and set. Had to unplug something to plug in the iron but it didn't mess up the full room light, fan &amp; tv controller that sits bedside.Drank and ate barfood in the first floor bar. It was western style food and looked and tasted as espected, good but not great. Had pants dry cleaned and pressed without difficulty.Rate paid was 1488 RMB ($180) plus 15% service fee, remember that tipping is not necessary since the Hotel adds it. Might be steep for a Sheraton in many US places but this was more like a Westin, it was once badged as a Westin.Returned twice more for a night each during a week of travels around the area and looked forward to returning each time.	
Nov 9 2009 	???????????		
Oct 19 2009 	????????????????		
Aug 4 2009 	????????????????		
May 18 2009	Gutes Hotel sehr guter und freundlicher Service.		
Mar 25 2009 	?????????		
Mar 16 2009 	??????		
Feb 14 2009 	??????????		
Jan 18 2009 	??????		
Jul 8 2008	Tres bon hotel		
