May 4 2009 	Beautiful Setting Quiet Convenient Location.... Nice.	When our driver [the owner of the company we were here to visit] pulled in the front gate, he asked us to please wait in the car so he could make sure we were in the right place... I picked out the hotel several weeks before, so I knew what to expect, but, the place was a surprise to my local escort... Turns out that he had a hard time believing that such a beautiful place was actually a hotel.! The location is easy to reach by car or Metro line 1, just off HengShan Road about 200 yards from the HengShan Road Metro station. If you're not familiar, this area of Shanghai is what I would call &quot;inner city residential&quot;. Mostly residences [lots of ex-pats] with many local restaurants and bars... Four Metro stops [about 10 minutes, cost RMB 3 each way] from city-center [People's Square/Nanjing Rd].I picked this hotel from recommendations here and I'd say the previous reviewers were spot-on... The hotel grounds are beautiful, the hotel is older, but well-maintained. Overall, it's a very nice place and for a very reasonable [for inner city Shanghai] price.The rooms are a good size and 4-star quality [see photos]. Furnishings are a bit dated but spotlessly clean. The bathrooms are 4.5-star with updated granite and all the usual amenities. The bed was firm, but, not as hard as others I've slept on in China. The pillows were plentiful, large and just right. In-room safe, decent TV, free internet and small mini-bar complete the picture. There is a balcony that is shared between two rooms, so, the balconies were all locked for security. You could not go out on the balcony at all.. A small disappointment, but, I was glad the hotel was safety-conscious. There was a small breakfast buffet with most of the usual Chinese and Western breakfast foods... It was ok... not great, not bad... Coffee was pretty good...I suppose my only small complaints were... 1.The front desk staff was a bit dour. No smiles at all, but, very efficient service... and.. 2. The electrical outlets were a bit old/loose.. You had to jiggle wires a bit to get things like laptop and phone chargers to stay powered... Minor inconveniences... I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 12 2006	Peaceful and comfortable four star hotel	The Anting Villa is a very good hotel, set amid well kept gardens on a quiet road in a leafy suburb of Shanghai. My room was comfortable, modern, and very well equipped; a comfortable bed, easy chair and footstool, and a bathroom with full bath and plenty of space for toiletries. The room not only had a sizeable desk, but also came with unlimited high speed internet access included in the room price. My room even came with a computer which I assume worked with the large flat screen television (I used my own laptop, so I’m not sure exactly how the computer worked.)My impression is that this is a hotel primarily for business people rather than tourists. It is in the Xuhui Zone of Shangha, an area which as far as I could tell contains little that would be of interest to most leisure travelers. The hotel is a 20 minute taxi ride (costing 25 yuan, or about US$3) from the Bund area, and it is a short walk away from an underground train station. The hotel does not have a tour desk. It has three restaurants, serving Chinese and foreign food, and all three them are perfectly adequate though unspectacular. The staff at the hotel were extremely helpful and competent; not all spoke English, but those who didn’t were quick to find someone who could help this foreigner who speaks no Chinese.All in all, this is a very good, peaceful, and modern hotel, with a competent and attentive staff. I enjoyed my three day stay and I wouldn’t hesitate to come back. But if you are looking for a hotel with easy access to tourist attractions, in room massages, karaoke, or plentiful tourist information, this probably isn’t the place for you.	
