Sep 21 2009 	The WORST hotel I ever stayed in!!!	The title says it all but i will elaborate. I travel for a living so I've stayed in all manner and brand of hotels. I stay in hotels about 200 nights per year and having stayed in Mercure hotels and reading the mostly positive reviews here, I booked this hotel for a family vacation. We checked in and were impressed by the grand modern lobby. When we stepped off the elevator on 16 that's where the nightmare began. The carpet was filthy as were the baseboards and doors. This continued as we opened our rooms and were appalled at how dirty they were. The carpet was disgusting, as was the furniture. The beds were just all springs and hard as slabs. They had these disgusting fabric headboards all coated in years of head grease! The furniture was old and worn out and filthy. We didn''t even want to touch anything.The room was very poorly lit which was probably a good thing because if we had more light it would have been even more disgusting but when I turned on one of the lights mounted to the wall, it fell off and shorted out! The bathroom was a health hazard as well with mold all in my shower and dried urine and something like orange soda all over the tile. The sink was cracked in half and looked like someone poured coffee in it and never cleaned it. The other rooms we had were equally appalling! I went to the desk to ask for other rooms and was told they would be happy to move us but all the rooms were the same. Because it was 1 am and we were exhausted, we elected to stay 1 night and we checked out the next morning first thing. I wish I had taken photos to post here to protect future visitors. This hotel must be undergoing a renovation or the photos they posted are simply fraudulent because our rooms looked nothing like them and didn't even have the same decor. BEWARE!	
Sep 12 2009 	good value for money but far from city center	Baoshan is a district North of Shanghai. Not really much to see there. But it's a good choice if you plan on boarding a Yangtze cruise or Ocean cruise the next day. The hotel itself is quite nice. The room (superior) is quite large. The marble in the bathroom adds a nice luxury touch. The light color carpet is an odd choice as you can see some small stains. And unfortunately - like most hotels in China - the bed is quite hard. But they do offer a wide variety of pillows and staff is willing to add extra layers to soften the bed. The breakfast buffet is quite extensive and they do have a selection decent western bread. Swimming pool / fitness center offer a terrace and the lockers are clean. If you're an independent traveler I'd recommend to stay closer to city center. Don't bother to check around the hotel for sight of interest. No other restaurant are worth a visit and there is no shopping center nearby. I got a great deal booking through their internet site. Overall I'd say that it's a good choice if you need to stay in the area.	
Apr 6 2009	Ultra modern 5 star hotel located not too far from downtown	We stayed here 2 nights in April 2009 and are happy to say that it deserves its Grand Mercure label and 5 star rating.The rooms were spacious and well decorated. There was a reading lamp and chair together with a separate desk. It had window you could open. The bathroom had separate shower and bathtub. The only drawback was the drain in the shower which was slow to drain.Front desk service was quick and attentive. The breakfast buffet was out of this world - varyig from shrimp to sushi to omelettes. Lots of fresh fruit also. The wine selection was also amazing.The lobby bar is a feast for the eyes. Located off a highway, it is within 20 minutes driving distance from downtown Shanghai.Whatever may have been the situation before, it seems to have been corrected. We would definitely recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Oct 7 2007 	Is it Grand Mercure??? Don't stay here unless you have to	I stayed this hotel for four nights. After this stay, I was wondering why this hotel is &quot;Grand Mercure&quot; and not &quot;Ibis.&quot; Just because it has &quot;executive floor&quot; doesn't make this level. The hotel said it is 5-star, but I think it is more like a 3-star. Here's my observation.Location (-1): Very difficult to find, and not in good neighborhoods. Can be reached via Line 3 (Jinwan Town)Ambience (1): I think that the hotel owner is constantly building something. Lobby is nice but the hotel's only restaurant (so to speak) Cafe 180 is too small to serve everybody (although I saw only some Chinese people partying there rather than hotel guest, and its menu are so limited. Also, the hotel has two wings. South wing is more like a traditional hotel for Chinese only. the North wing is newer but the room is more like &quot;ibis&quot; style rather than a 5-star hotel. I think that the hotel owner is also budiling another wing or may conference center but...Room (- 1 or 3 if you stay in executive floor): The hotel basically has three levels of room. One is executive floor room which is nice, the second is room in North wing which is newer and brighter but very small. Don't even have a bath tub and only shower stall. I think that even room in Four Points by Sheraton Pudong is a lot better and roomier than this one. The last one is room in South wing which is old, dirty, and most of all very dark. Also, both room in North and South wing has very weak &quot;air conditioning.&quot; Eventhough I turn the individual controler to 5 degree c, it was still hot. Reminded of old 2 - 3 star hotels for Chinese only.Staff: Trying very hard to speak but just couldn't. When I checked in, I asked I like a renovated room even though I needed to pay extra, and the check-in staff said what is &quot;renovated&quot; mean?? Also, there was a knock on the door for the second night at 7:00, and I had to woke up becaue it was so loud and had to open door. A Chinese woman handed a sheet of paper which said that the swimming pool will be closed from today for renovation. But, there was no mention when this &quot;old&quot; swimming pool will open again. And, why this woman is hammering my door rather than slip the sheet under the door. Just weired. Facility (-3): There is no facilities except some restaurants. No fitness center, no sauna or outdoor swimming pool, no nothing. Business center is small, and staffs do not understand English very well. The only option, which was indoor swimming pool was close for renovation but didn't say when it will reopen again. Strange.Total Score: -4 or -1Verdict: Should avoid unless you have to.	
Sep 3 2007 	OK	We spent 4 nights in this hotel and whilst the lobby etc is very modern our room was very dated and resembled a travelodge if i'm honest. Also we could hear absolutely everything that was said in the corridor and hear doors opening and closing.Breakfast was ok but very limited compared to other mercure's in China - god help you if you want eggs for example !!Overall i would say the hotel is adequate but the main drawback was the distance from the centre/tourist attractions - on average 30 Yuan taxi ride to most places and anywhere between 150-200 Yuan from the airport.	
Nov 19 2006	Good choice	Stayed in an executive room on the 21st. Pros: Ginormous bed, PC in room with free internet access, Lots of little perks. Friendly service. Good value for money. Breakfast has a huge selection.Cons: hotel is currently (Nov 06) being remodeled so lobby (and lower floors) may be unbearably loud. Called for room service at midnight - brochure says small selection available all night, but was told it was closed. First day reported for breakfast at 6:30 - food was out but most of it was cold as the heaters underneath hadn't burned turned on.A taxi to Yuyuan gardens set me back 28 yuan and took 30 minutes or so during non-rush hour traffic. It was preferable to taking the metro - the nearest station to the hotel is a 15 minute walk up the roadI would stay here again.	
May 30 2006	Great Value	Out of city centre but 1st class. Well equipped, clean rooms. Efficient, helpful staff. Laundry service good value.Excellent breakfast. Would recommend.	
Nov 3 2009	Gutes Hotel...wurde im August in einigen Etagen renoviert		
Oct 12 2009 	bon hôtel pas très bien situé		
Mar 5 2009 	?????????????????		
