	The bed is good and also the clublounge service	The title say's about all what is better then average I normally experience. the staff was very helpfull and friendly. Stayed here for one night. Stayed in more hotels in Shanghai with about the same (company)-rate as this hotel and have to state this is my last stay here. I took the clublounge upgrade for reason same price as seperate additional internet + breakfast + lounge-promotion-stuff. The building is clearly from the older architecture style of Hotel-building. There is no separate shower (in bathtub with curtain) and the room was not spacy. Location good for starting travel west for Suzhou or evening stuff in Puxi.	
Jun 11 2009 	VEry Nice Hotel	Stayed for 2 nights at the Renaissance hotel in the middle of the Shanghai business district in Sep 2007.The location is fantastic and the rooms were great. The staff and their service was also very good.They tool care of me well considering this was my first trip to Shaighai.Breakfast buffet spread was huge and tasty as well.The rooms were bright and clean. The gym facility was fully functional and useful with good stock of towels and water.We orderd pizza in room service when we wanted something quick and to our surprise it tasted so delicious, we ended up ordering more of the same.	
May 13 2009 	Speedways to Progress!	I moved to the Renaissance Yangtze Hotel as it was just across my Business Associates' Offices. Breakfast was not included in the price &amp; was quite expensive, though good. The view of the Speedways and speeding traffic was something. Showed what China was all about. The foot massage lady was great. She also comes to the Room if you want.Rooms were really nice and staff was good. Seems like the Management was very good at training their staff.	
Apr 27 2009 	Exhibition centre	Some hotels near to exhibition centres can be &quot;well used&quot; and &quot;jaded&quot;, but not this one.The Renaissance offers sumptuous beds and very quiet rooms. Everywhere is perfectly clean and well maintained. The restaurants are very well serviced and all the staff are very friendly and helpful. After long, tiring days at the nearby exhibition centre, this hotel is a treat to savour.If you are thinking of shopping at one of the nearby shopping malls, make sure that you have a large limit on your credit card. The goods may carry a very well known European or Japanese brand name, but they also carry a very high price tag. Curiously, the hotel's own shop has some attractive souvenirs to offer, and they will readily accept the principle of bargaining. Just be prepared to spend some time to reach a final price!	
Apr 18 2009 	Comfortable City Hotel	I stayed for one week on business, but managed a couple of personal days for sightseeing.Checkin at mid-day was fast and pleasant: I took the club upgrade, which entitles you to breakfast, and 'happy hour' for free drinks and nibbles in the evening, in the penthouse amongst other perks. Refreshments in the lobby were rather expensive, even for a 4/5 star hotel. My room was well appointed with a kingsize bed, LCD TV and en-suite. I was hosted by colleagues from my company all week so did not have a chance to try the hotel's restaurants. I used the pool and sauna twice, and inspected the gym: all very good.Across the road (under the elevated roadway) to the right is an oasis of tranquility called the New Town Central Park where, on a nice day, you can relax as you stroll round for an hour or so. The hotel is within easy walking distance of some large shopping malls. There are taxis at the entrance to take you downtown at a reasonable rate.Staff were all very pleasant and courteous, and contributed to my very enjoyable stay.	
Feb 21 2008	Disappoint	Stay this hotel again at last Nov for business trip, my last stay was in mid-2005. Feel this hotel getting worse than worse! Check in at mid-night, but no greeting by check-in staff....the breakfast service is worse, also Chinese restaurant expensive but service and food far behind than before... Talk to their restaurant staff, ineresting they said the ex-food and beverage manager from Hong Kong was gone to other hotel, then the standard is dropping down. Is this excuse for the customers? I won't recommend to my friends!	
Jan 24 2008 	good business hotel	stay here for business purpose onlyhongqiao area is far from tourist and real shanghai areasis a new development that looks like any other western cityif first and only visit to shanghai stay at the bund areanormal clean rooms nothing fancy good buffet breakfastgubei area is near with lots of restaurants and supermarket (taxi)walking distance you hace a food street ,also new with many western choices (Mc,starb,hoot etc)if there stop in front of sheraton building and grab something from Zoes cafeteria,very good value in coffe and lunch	
Nov 5 2007 	Great retreat from the busy streets of Shanghai	We stayed in a club level room for six nights and this hotel made Shanghai much more enjoyable for us. As first time travelers (from the US) to China, we suffered from culture shock at times while we were in Shanghai, but it was always a pleasure to come back to the Renaissance.Our room was comfortable and fairly modern. We took advantage of the good-sized mini-fridge to store a few groceries which we had purchased from the foreigner-friendly Friendship Store across the street from the hotel.We found that having access to the club was key, as that included an easy and filling breakfast (with lots of Western style food choices) each day, and drinks throughout the day. When we did eat at the main hotel restaurant a couple times, the food was quite good but also very expensive.The service provided by the concierge was impeccable. We relied on them quite often to write our destination in Mandarin so that we could communicate with the taxi drivers. All the employees of the hotel whom we met spoke very good English.This hotel's location is a bit out of the center of the city, but it's not bad at all. We found that taxi rides to the Bund, People's Square, etc. typically took about 20-30 minutes. Great hotel; decent location; the perfect retreat from Shanghai's chaotic streets.	
Nov 3 2007 	Comfortable and Stylish at the Renaissance	I was here at the tail end of a 2 week business trip. The hotel is quite near our office here so a logical choice. The room was very nice - extra comfy bed (best one on the trip) with plenty of pillows.The bathroom amenities all had an Asian smell (lemongrass) which was really nice as well. The gym was pretty good - decent equipment and personal TVs at each one. The weights were ok - enough to tide me over. I agree with the other reviewer - the breakfasts were amazing -great selection of pastries - very nice - and they had the typical omelet station and Asian/Indian/Japanese on top of the Western fare.Food was a little pricey (by Shanghai standards) but not unexpected for a top end hotel.	
Oct 24 2007 	Very nice hotel  helpful and courteous staff but pillows were smelly of rancid	This was a good hotel. I was assigned to the wrong room with an occupant. I went back to the desk, the manager apologised but no compensation. Room was OK and neat but pillows stank with rancid sweat. I was too tired to complain and slept and left the next morning.Breakfast was OK - standard fare.A bit remote	
Aug 6 2007 	Excellent Hotel	I recently stayed at the Shanghai Renaissance. The rooms were very nice and the staff was very helpful. The room was large and well appointed. The bathroom was also roomy.The buffet served a variety of western food for both breakfast, lunch and dinner. During the evening they had a string quartet play in the lobby which was a nice touch.The concierge helped us book a tour of Shanghai. Get a personal guide it is worth the money.	
Jul 19 2007 	great hotel clean rooms	Very clean and modern hotel. Breakfast buffet was extensive with american and asian offerings. Hotel staff was formal and helpful. Location is not convenient to where we wanted to be, but I will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 16 2006 	Consistently Good hotel	Stayed recently again. Only after asking did I realise its a short walk to Intex and Shanghai Mart expo hallsExcellent service throughout from arrival to checkout. Breakfast is good and the bar pleasant. Rooms are well appointed with good beds and showers. Minor grumble about the Aircon thermostat buzzing as it switched on &amp; off. The Sushi restaurant while good is expensive so you choose and the other eteries are fine and upto the standard of many hotels.Its a bit out of town so about 1 hour by car to PVG while Hongchow [sic] is pretty close. Taxi into central ~30 rmb or 15 mins ishGood gym &amp; pool if you have time.	
May 4 2006 	Renaissance reflected	Just returned from a week long stay at this hotel.The food was wonderful!, especially so the bread and pasteries which were better than Paris!The breakfast buffet was excellent with western, eastern and some 'in between' dishes.The location is a bit more remote from the Bund, but the taxis are cheeep, and getting around with signs in both Mandarin and English is helpful.Shopping is not 'centralized' in Shanghai ,as the Hongquia pearl market is proximally located to the hotel.The spa is well equipted and relaxing ,with both cold &amp; hot plunge pools along with the requisite sauna &amp; steam rooms.The management, especially Robert the Food Service Manager ,were excellent in assisting with food choices both in house ,as well as the excellent surrounding Dining choices.Intend to return to Shanghai ,as well as the Renaisance Yangtze, in the not too distant future.	
Mar 6 2006 	shower tempurature problem	comfortable bed, good/friendly staff, small room, small bath, shower temperature changes every 1 minute, long taxi queue during commute hours (there is no public transportation around, and with its location, you pretty much have to take taxi anywhere to/from the hotel.)	
Jan 3 2006 	Good gym the sell is the comfy rooms.	This hotel is not in the city center but in Shanghai, cabs are so cheap that staying away from the crowd can be a wise choice. The hotel has a great gym (free), opens early at 5:30am, and the spa is pretty good. The breakfast is one of the best ones. They have Chinese, Japanese and great American breakfast food, lots of fresh pre-cut fruits for a hotel breakfast. The rooms are very nice and modern, they are not over the top and are very efficiently designed. It makes you feel like home after a few days. The Executive floor lounge has a very nice happy-hour selection of beer, wine, snacks (hot and cold)and sweets. The hotel restaurants are okay but definitely eat out if possible. Overall, 3 times of staying there have been a positive experience.	
Jun 7 2005	soft coccon	I have stayed here numerous times, the last time in May 2005. Always felt a sense of being cared for there. Great new pillows and comforters. The pastry shop in the lobby is great, for snacks or a simple breakfast. Slightly off location, and one side of the building is next to the freeway.	
Jan 4 2005	really enjoyed my stay at the Renaissance	Stayed at the hotel for 7 nights on a business trip in November '04 -- very nice environment, staff, comfortable rooms and accommodations. Had regular room service breakfast: one morning they were 10 min late, and I noted same to the manager: got complimentary breakfast the following morning, as well as a plate of fruit and chocolates. Hotel is close to shopping, other large hotels, and to Starbucks !! One down note: rush-hour taxi line is too long, both in the morning and in the evening -- plan ahead for a car.	
Oct 21 2009 	???????????		
Oct 17 2009 	Schönes Hotel in einer weiterhin boomenden Stadt		
May 20 2009 	Ideales Hotel fuer den deutschen Chinareisenden -Beste Club-Lounge-		
Feb 25 2009 	?????????		
Feb 10 2009 	???????????		
