Nov 16 2009 	EXcellent hotel and Location location!	I stayed for six nights in the Radisson New World.LOCATION: Excellent: on Peoples's Square, across the Metro station ( three lines ), near several shopping streets and within walking distance of Shanghai Museum, Shanghai Art Museum, Shanghai Urban Planning Center and Grand Theatre. The hotel is connected to the department store New World City and East Nanjing Road can be reached via an underground passage.ROOMS: I had a small suite with view on People's Square. Rooms are tastefully decorated and the bathrooms are spacious.STAFF: All the staff were friendly and efficient and went out of their way to help. When I lost my videocamera the Duty Manager arranged for an English speaking employee to go with me to the police station. Apparently the station had just moved to a new location, so he had to ask around in the neighbourhood. He not only translated, but convinced the police officers who at first didn't want to make an official report to do so.I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to Shanghai!	
Nov 8 2009 	Awesome hotel	Beautiful 5-star hotel, great entertainment and excellent customer service.	
Oct 21 2009 	Beautiful hotel watch for solicitations in lobby	Beautiful hotel. Rooms are spacious and clean. The lobby is accomodating and clean as well but I saw several women in the lobby who were looking for customers. The buffet offered a large selection of both western foods and eastern foods as well. The restaurant staff was a bit rude though. They seemed to believe we were bringing in more people than we had chits for. The view from the bar at the top was beautiful.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great hotel great location	Situated at the end of Nanjing East Rd (large shopping strip), across the road from People's Square (large parkland) and with convenient access the 3 metro lines, this hotel is in a first class position. The hotel is well maintained and well staffed. The gym/pool facilities are excellent.The bar on level 45 is worth the trip, but whilst the views are spectacular, I felt it lacked some atmosphere.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice Hotel but Overpriced - Excellent Staff Mostly.	LOCATION - The Radisson is situatied at People's Square in Shanghai, across the street from the metro, and at the beginning of Nanjing Road walking street. Just around the corner is the hit-and-miss food street. It is about 30 minutes by taxi from the high-speed train (Maglev) and about 20 minutes by subway. The Bund is about a 20-25 minute walk - they say 15 minutes, but you'd have to be really hustling. It's not super close, it takes some effort to get there. There are high end shopping malls all around, a Starbucks is just across the park (note they don't open until 7:30 AM). The hotel is connected to a shopping mall. Overall, a good location in Shanghai we thought, as long as you're comfortable riding the metro.ROOM - We had a superior room on the 28th floor. The view would have been very nice except the windows were filthy - they looked like they hadn't been washed in months. After some inquiries we found they only wash the outside of the windows every 3 months. Too bad, it really made a difference with our view. Le Meridien is nearby - I bet they have clean windows. If you get there just after they wash the windows, the view from the high floors is very nice - neon lights, and the Nanjing Road Pedestrian street. The room itself is nice, but pretty average considering the price. 300 SF - other hotels in the area are bigger for around the same price. However, unlike those hotels, the Radisson includes free high speed internet in your room, so you have to factor that into the cost. The beds were Tempur-Pedic Swedish mattresses, very comfortable. No flat-screen TV which seemed odd for this price range. Cable TV Channels including CNN, HBO, MAX and a few other English channels. Nice bathroom with retractable privacy screen. Small desk. No specific complaints about the room - was comfortable if not special.STAFF - We found the staff to be excellent. They were always doing whatever they could to assist us. The concierge even accompanied us to a laundromat where we could do laundry (we had a long trip, and a lot of laundry - would have cost a fortune to do it in the hotel). Manager was helpful and tried to help, restaurant staff always making a very concerted effort. Good English at the hotel for the mostly Western guests. The only exception was a pretty shameful incident at the lobby bar, where they served us red wine that had been sitting out for a few days, and it had gone bad - tasted like vinegar. We sent it back, and they poured us out of a new bottle that was much better. However, later, they poured the new bottle into the old bottle, combining them, and then served us the combination, hoping that we wouldn't notice. Of course, it was terrible, and when we asked to see the bottle, we could see it was the original one, only full now instead of mostly empty. We called them on it, and they were embarrassed - not that they'd done that, but that they'd been caught. After much negotiation, they at least finally took the last glass of wine off our bill, but it required so much effort, it wasn't worth it. Other than that, the staff was very well trained and concerned for the guests.SERVICES - There is a very expensive rotating restaurant on the 45th floor that offers great views and very expensive, mediocre food. On the 47th floor, there is a Sky Bar that features live bands that spend more time on break than playing, and obstructed views of the city. There is a Chinese Restaurant downstairs that we didn't try, and a Buffet restaurant of mediocre quality and high prices as well. Prices of Room Service, Mini-Bar, and other hotel services were ridiculously high for China. If you spend a lot of time eating and drinking at the hotel, you might want to look elsewhere. If you need a place to lay your head, then you're ok. Pool, Fitness Center, Spa, etc were available but we didn't try them.HOTEL OVERALL - Clean, fairly elegant, good staff (except bartender at lobby bar), comfortable place to stay. Shopping inside the hotel, and at attached mall. A few rough edges like the dirty windows and mediocre overpriced restaurants, but overall a good stay. I think we'd probably choose another hotel next time - we had two computers so the free high-speed internet was a great touch for us, the entire reason we chose this hotel over Le Meridien nearby. Keep in mind that if you visit on Chinese Holiday weeks, you'll be swarmed by people on Nanjing Road so bad that you'll just hole up in your hotel to hide. The Bund is under major construction right now, not even worth visiting. Should be done by March they say, so if that is one reason you're considering this location scratch that off your list. DINING NEARBY - We found Huang Ji Huang, a hole in the wall stewpot restaurant nearby to be tasty, though a rat ran through the dining area while we were eating. We didn't go for the dog meat or intestines, but the veggie stew with beef and three sauces was very tasty. Don't go to Yue Li Restaurant unless you want to be overwhelmed by smoke, garbage on the floors, bad service and disgusting greasy food. Another restaurant called Qian Long Mei Shi, across from Yue Li was very tasty. All these were very Chinese, with lots of duck heads, pig intestines, cow stomach, and king snake on the menu - if you like mostly Western food, or this is your first visit to China, you might want to start a little more touristy. There are plenty of more touristy options and hotel restaurants nearby.	
Sep 10 2009	Excellent	My mother and I stayed at the Radisson New World Hotel in August and it was fantastic.The location was fantastic – right at the start of the pedestrian walk of Nanjing Road. There is a metro station right in front of the hotel, however in Shanghai taxis are incredibly cheap and it were only ever 12-15RMB to any area we went to. You could always get a taxi from outside our hotel easily and we never got lost or had a bad experience.The staff were so nice and helpful. From the front desk staff to the guy at the pool, I could not fault them. The concierge were an incredible help and made our trip so much easier. They would book restaurants for us, organise a half day trip to Zhou Zhuang (water village) and wrote out addresses for us to give taxi drivers. Breakfast was included with our room and the buffet was very good. Plenty of fruit, pastries, juice, cereal, toast, dumplings, congee, rice, noodles, meats, cheeses, yogurt, pancakes and omelettes made to order. It definitely kept us going all day.The room was a good size and had an office attached which was a great place to store our bags and shopping. Our beds were turned down every night and chocolates left on our pillows. The bathroom contained every toiletry you could think of and the shower was incredible after a day of sightseeing in the heat and humidity. The room was very clean, great air-conditioning, lovely bed linen and they had thought of everything. There was also two TVs and a great view of the gardens.The pool was really nice and air-conditioned inside! Only had breakfast at the hotel, but we did have a drink in the sky dome bar. It was worth it to see the Filipino band who energetically pump out their mixture of blues, pop and classics. Complete with dance moves. It’s an experience and we had fun.Highlights of our time in Shanghai included a shopping tour (see Shopping Tours Shanghai in the Things to do in Shanghai section of this website), the Yuan Gardens, Taikang Road Art Centre (fantastic gift shops – unique items and little old shops in small alleys), cocktails at Cloud 9 bar in the Hyatt at Pudong, Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Hall and the acrobatics (Era – at CircusWorld. 7.30pm and the concierge can organise the tickets for you). Also recommend Lost Heaven, 1221 and Lynn for dinner. The Bund is currently closed for construction works in preparation for the Expo in 2010.I would definitely stay at this hotel again when I am next in Shanghai. I can’t fault it at all. Fantastic.	
Aug 11 2009 	'Great Hotel'	We really enjoyed this hotel! The location was fantastic, as it was a walking distance from the museum and the main pedestrian street. We booked a superiior hotel with breakfast included and both the view of the city and the breakfast were amazing. The breakfast was probably one of the best I have ever had, with an enormous variety of choices. The pool was nice and warm and my six year old had a blast. Place was a great value.	
Aug 6 2009 	Overrated	We sampled three different &quot;five star&quot; hotels in Shanghai during the month of July. Our favorite was the Four Seasons, followed by the Portman Ritz Carlton. The Radisson New World was our least favorite. When we booked the hotel online, we got a very reasonable price, so we were pleased there. But what the hotel lost in room fees, it definitely made up in other charges. The restaurants were extremely high-priced and we suspect we got sick there, though we don't know for sure. The soup served downstairs in the &quot;coffee shop&quot; one day showed up exactly the same in the restaurant at the top of the hotel under a different name (a watery tasting chicken soup with peas). Also this hotel provided the least bottles of drinking water of any hotel I encountered. You had to ask for more, thus being tempted to dip into the high-priced bottle of Evian in the mini-bar (remember, the weather was very hot).Pluses of this hotel included: a nice view, a comfortable bed and an attractive room. The pool was quite nice, though the one at the Four Seasons was a little nicer. The main down side to this hotel were the food and water options. I also don't recall the reception as being very friendly or exceptionally helpful.	
Jul 31 2009 	Nice but let down by the view	Myself and my 5 year old daughter stayed in the Radisson New World for 4 nights in late July 2009 following a trip to see the 2009 solar eclipse out in the Pacific. I've stayed in Shanghai before (in the Sofitel), but this time was looking for a hotel with a swimming pool. I based my decision on reviews here.Firstly, the pool (and attached whirlpool) were excellent; super warm and uncrowded. Unfortunately the whirlpool was out of commission though for two days having some of it's tiles replaced.Secondly, prior to travelling, and again based on what I'd read here, the one thing I'd asked for was a &quot;room with a view&quot;. But despite booking a deluxe room with city view + breakfast, we ended up on the 11th floor overlooking the basketball court and the building site. This was disappointing and I have to say the views I had from the Sofitel were far, far better. The double tragedy here is that somewhere nearby and to the rear, night-time building work for Expo 2010 sometimes intruded on the slumber.As far as everything else goes; as reported, the Radisson has a central location, it's nice that it's attached to a shopping complex and metro. and although others had reported it, I couldn't detect any strange smells in either the room or the lobby.	
Jul 30 2009 	Awesome view from restaurant on top!	My husband and I stayed at the Park Hotel nearby, but went for dinner at the restaurant on top of the Radisson Hotel to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. The view was simply stunning! Definitely worth going there, staff was very friendly and food was delicious.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good Value Hotel Central Location	Nice hotel, excellent location in the Center of Shanghai. Rooms are well appointed with everything needed, WiFi is included. Metro is easy to use, or taxis. Xintiandi is a good area with lots of restaurants nearby although a little pricey.	
Jul 15 2009 	Okay to Good	After staying in the most beautiful hotel in Beijing, of the same class, 5 star, this unfortunely was a let down! I could not fault it though in saying this.The pool, spa and gym were all up to my expectations, definately 5 star, however the rooms were not so great. Quite small, although we did only pay for a superior. Quite musty smelling. I am being picky, but these are things that I would have liked to read on tripadvisor before I had booked the hotel! I must add also that walking on the 1st floor from the business centre to breakfast buffet area, it smelt like sewrage! Don't know what it was! I am being extremely picky, it was definately nice and a pleasure to stay there but there are always pros and cons!We did complain about the mustyness and also that we weren't situated next to each other, there were 4 of us travelling together and we were at opposite ends of the same floor! They were lovely about this and upgraded us to a deluxe room and our friends the same, we ended up being next door! The deluxe room was still the same decore and only bigger because their was a seperate room (a study). Worked out well though and the staff were great, easy to talk to, english speaking. Great location. Probably wouldn't stay there again...would try and pick a different 5 star with just a little more luxury and plushness for the price we payed!	
Jul 4 2009 	Good Location good quality but too expensive.	This is a good hotel. It has an excellent location with easy links to all the key sights and just a min walk to the metro. Friendly and helpful staff and nice room - but we were upgraded so that helps. Even so the price is high. This is a characteristic of Shanghai, but i would expect more for the money. Another small complaint would be the price of the restaurants and bars again massively inflated compared to elsewhere in china and even more so when compared to other major cities in South East Asia.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great location average hotel	My daughter and I stayed here for four nights in June in a standard room overlooking the People's square. Although it was no single thing we encountered during our stay, both of us found this hotel to be our least favorite of the 4 hotels we stayed at in China during our trip. It was also the cheapest, so the comparison may not be fair.The room was on the smallish side for a hotel of this rating, nothing particulary special about the contents or layout. Noted that many of the prior favorable reviews came from upgraded rooms, so you may want to consider booking a better room than standard. The staff was ok, but not as friendly/helpful as we found at our other hotels. We did not eat at the hotel, as there are so many wonderful restaurants in Shanghai. I would note that the restaurants aimed more at Western tastes charged Western prices, whereas the highly rated Chinese restaurants were quite reasonable, if not cheap. The location is just as good as previous reviewers have noted, especially if you use the subway, as the People's Square directly across from the hotel has three major lines that can be accessed. The taxi's in Shanghai are not as efficient as in the other China cities we visited (dropped at wrong locations, several could not figure out where the Radisson was even when we showed them the hotel card with the address in Chinese), so I really recommend using the subway for sights near subway stops. Plus, with all the construction for the 2010 Expo, normally bad Shanghai traffic is even worse.Four star rating is derived primarly due to location, otherwise would have just been average	
Jun 18 2009 	great location	We stayed here for 3 nights, initial room was somewhat small and had tired furniture with a shower over the bath. To the credit of the staff when we asked could we have another more modern room with a seperate shower they obliged with no problem, just goes to show what happens if you ask nicely. Location is execellent, buffet breakfast in the restraunt is good with plenty of variety.	
May 24 2009 	Great location - great service	The title says it all. The hotel is steps away from the Nanjing Road pedestrian mall, across the street from People's Square park (and several museums), attached to the New World Emporium shopping mall, and a block away from the subway. Service was great from the minute we walked in the door. We had booked our stay using Radisson reward points, but still got an upgrade to a very nice suite. Our room faced People's Square and the view from our room was gorgeous, especially at night. We had a large sitting area with half bath, and very large bedroom, plus full bath with separate tub and shower. We also received welcome flowers and fruit. Everything was beyond our expectation. Every employee we met bent over backward to respond to our needs, even the gift shop staff. ( FYI - their gift shop staff will barter - no need to pay what the price tag says!) We received the randomly generated Radisson survey when we got home and after returning it, received a thank-you email response from the hotel GM. As with most hotels, the restaurants are expensive. We did spring for a western breakfast (one of the the things our son misses the most...) and it was okay but very pricey. Also, remember this is China, so don't expect a good cup of coffee. There is a Breadtalk (which is a bakery chain with stores located throughout Asia) just a block or 2 away on the pedestrian mall, so we recommend that for really good pastries and great coffee. Delicious! Breakfast for 2 at a Breadtalk cost less than a cup of coffee at Starbucks. The Skydome bar is rather dated in decor, but the view is spectacular.	
May 5 2009 	Very nice hotel!	This place has all I demmand to a Hotel: friendly staff, very clean and lominous rooms, and a modern forniture. Location is very good, right ahead the 'golden mile' Nanjing Road. This good location becomes a problem sometimes: some guys fill ioffer you 'lady massage'. everyitme you enteri or leave the lobby .	
May 4 2009 	Great location 	We had a MICE trip of 4 days &amp; stayed at Radisson Hotel Shanghai New World from 4th to 8th April, 2009. We were a group of 11 persons. We were offered a non alcoholic welcome drink on arrival with hot &amp; cold options. Checkin was quick. The best part was that 5 rooms were upgraded including mine. The rooms are spacious with a complete sete set of bathroom toiletaries. Nanjing street for shopping &amp; the subway station, peoples square are a stones throw away. This saves you a lot of time &amp; cost towards travel.The staff was very helpful &amp; fantastic housekeeping. The fresh milk in sufficient quantity was changed everyday. It was great watching HBO on the 32&quot; plasma TV. The hot water jacuzzi is really worth a try. The view from my room no. 3608 on the 36th floor was impressive. Lastly the Filipino band playing right till midnight at the revolving pub on the 45th floor was impressive.However this hotel is a bit expensive but worth the money.	
Apr 28 2009 	reliable quality no negative surprices but personal care	Perfect location with excellent deluxe rooms and good services both for sports, relaxation and food.during the last year breakfast has improved tremendously and the lunch and dinner buffes are excellent, the sea-food extravaganza is worth every penny and more.Staff takes care, also in extraordinary situations like we encountered during our last stayyou will enjoy your stay at the Radisson New World!	
Apr 23 2009 	Superb	Loved the Hotel, staff and location.A 4 day stay that was over far too soon.I would not stay anywhere else in Shanghai now.	
Apr 19 2009 	Lovely dome bar	This is a lovely hotel situated in the heart of shanghai at Nanging road. A shoppers paradise,This hotel is comfortable and their service motto is 100 % satisfaction to all their guests.Offers unlimited free internet.Has a lovely breakfast spread.And last but not the least is the Dome Bar where you can hava a city view, with live band and a relaxing evening.	
Apr 18 2009 	Loved the klocation for shopping and getting around	Great location -- opp Peoples park 2 mins to Nanjing Rd East ands Taobao city on 580 Nanjing Rd west -- duplicates market.Great bargains -- you must discount the quoted price by 90%.Clean rooms -- great buffet breakfast.Kevin at the Bell desk very pleasant and helpful guy.Young William gave us an extended check out time till 6 PM without charge.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great location and accessibility	The hotel is at a good location (Near Nanjing Lu) with good accessibility to Metro and Taxis. Situated on line 2 of metro you can get down to Peoples square.Rooms are big enough and well maintained	
Feb 7 2009 	A wonderful experience	I am currently staying at the Radisson and cannot fault the hotel or the service that I have received while I have been here. My stay was initially scheduled for seven nights but has been extended while I have been here to fourteen nights, and I am very pleased that I am staying here. I booked a Club Room which provides access to the Club Lounge where breakfast is served in the mornings and then complimentary drinks and snacks between 5.30 and 7.30pm. The staff in the lounge are lovely and make you feel very welcome, even remembering each day what your order from the previous day was. I am a female travelling alone on business and feel very comfortable being here. The hotel is connected to a shopping centre with easy access to Nanjing Road. Some reviewers have commented on how the touts ruined their experience - I find that if you just shake your head politely they go away very quickly. I walked alone down to the Bund and did not feel intimidated or hassled at any point on the way there or back. My room is perfect - as per other travellers' reviews but without the outdated furniture or the strange smell. Everything in my room is in immaculate condition and the room smells very fresh and clean. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 3 2009 	A good centrally located hotel in Shanghai	My partner and I recently stayed at the Radisson Hotel Shanghai New World - A centrally located hotel in Shanghai.ROOMWe reserved a Superior Room in the Tower Wing, but upon arrival we were upgraded to a Deluxe Room (in the same Wing). The check-in was quick, efficient, friendly and they honoured our request for a room with views of Pudong. The room was quite spacious although a bit dark. It came with a big bathroom separated from the room by a wooden door. The room also had a separate work area with its own separate 28&quot; (or so) plasma television. The room had a very comfortable king-sized bed with a good size wardrobe, a big work table and (2) chairs, two speaker phones, an in-room safe as well as complimentary (but very slow at times) high-speed LAN and wireless Internet service. There was also a 32&quot; regular television in the sleeping area of the room (with CNN, BBC News, NHK, as well as movie channels) but there was no DVD player. Also in the room was a fully stocked minibar with snacks, tea making facilities, as well as a reading chair with a Radisson Hotel magazine. By the bed, there were electronic controls which control the lights, and the DO NOT DISTURB sign outside the door of room. The bed was quite comfortable and with the turn down service in the evening, came two complimentary bottles of (350 mL Radisson branded) mineral water and two chocolates. While the room was quite spacious, the furniture was showing signs of wear and tear. The windows were quite filthy (from the outside) but the room itself was spotless and housekeeping did a wonderful job cleaning it each day. There was however an odd musty/smoky smell in the air which one eventually gets used to.BATHROOMOn the whole, the bathroom was great: There was a sink, a spacious shower stall which came with Radisson's own ASiRA amenities and a massage head shower, as well as a separate soaking tub. There were also the usual extra amenities such as toothbrushes, hand-creams, etc. The toilet was enclosed in a separate corner of the bathroom and had its own phone. There were also plenty towels for use. There was also a window in the bathroom that overlooked the bedroom - There were blinds for privacy. The drainage of the sink and the shower was rather slow which led both to be slightly flooded. It wasn't a serious problem, but I think that they need to clean the drains soon before it becomes an issue. The water that came out of the faucet had a slight yellow tinge to it, so avoid drinking it.HOTEL FACILITIESThe hotel offered a variety of facilities which were all quite good. There was a heated indoor pool, fitness facilities and a VITA spa (The pool and the fitness facilities were complimentary for all guests). There were also shower facilities, a jacuzzi (for men only) and dry and steam saunas at the gym along with lockers. There was an attendant at the entrance of the facility but there was no life guard on duty at the indoor pool. There were also other facilities which I didn't use: A Mahjong Parlour, a squash room and pool tables but one must pay to use these facilities. There was also a Business Centre and Travel Agency in the hotel. The design of the hotel attempts to be luxurious but look a bit tacky in my opinion: There was an overuse of moulding, jade, fake Ming Vases and gold leaf everywhere! But then again, most Shanghai hotels were designed in this over-the-top manner!RESTAURANTAs for dinning options, there were three restaurant in the hotel, a lobby lounge and a bar (Skydome Bar) located on the top floor of the hotel. We didn't go to the bar, but we did dine at Epicure on 45 which was the hotel's revolving restaurant. The food and service were both alright, but you will be paying mostly for the views. Our room came with complimentary breakfast at the Windows on the Park restaurant. The breakfast selection was big with Western, Middle Eastern, Chinese and Japanese selections. The service at Windows was haphazard at times - The waiters rarely replenished our tea or coffee and the egg station chefs were sometimes quite slow in making the eggs - My partner had to stand by the station a good five minutes before he was served his eggs. Also, the food selection didn't change during our stay so we eventually ate elsewhere!SERVICEOverall, the service of the hotel was excellent: From the front desk staff to the concierge to the housecleaning staff there were no service-related problems. In fact, with the exception of the staff in the restaurants, the staff were not only courteous and always smiling but they went out of their way to help you. Communicating in English was not a problem at all. SURROUNDINGSThe hotel is in the downtown core of Shanghai, right on East Nanjing Road and across from People's Square. The hotel is connected to the New World Shopping Centre and the Shanghai Metro (subway) via an underground route. The Bund is about a 15 minute walk from the hotel and has a lot of wonderful (but a bit pricy) dinning options. Try M on the Bund's Sunday fry-up! To the south of the hotel, one can find The People's Square (Renmin Square) - a large park with numerous museums. There were also numerous shopping and (more affordable) dinning options in the New World Shopping Centre. The only problem I encountered was that there were numerous touts right outside the doors of the hotel who tried to hawk everything from fake designer bags and watches to women. This can be quite a nuisance and they don't easily take no for an answer! CONCLUSIONThe Radisson is a good five star-rated hotel with good facilities, but it's not perfect. The haphazard service in the restaurants and the annoying touts outside the hotel diminish an otherwise excellent experience. I do however recommend the Radisson for its location, good rooms and price.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Location	My wife and I stayed at the hotel twice during our trip to China. The first time was for 4 nights, then again for 5 nights.The location is excellent, it is just a minutes walk from Nanjing Pedestrian Street and right across from People's Park and underground metro. It is also located next to several malls and restaurants. Even a starbucks thats in New World Mall (can enter the mall from the hotel lobby) or the Starbucks in People's Park.The breakfast was not worth the money charged and therefore we only ate once. There was plenty of (obviously) Chinese foods and East Asian, but not too much Western Food. Room service was very fast and not too reasonable, but good food.The view from the room was beautiful, on the first stay we had the Park view and on the second stay we had a view of Nanjing and the Pudong skyline. Both really nice.The rooms were of quality furniture but really dated. I can imagine it looked real nice when first opened, but now needs new furniture.Hotel staff very friendly and helpful, from reception to concierge to bellboys. There is an Australian supervisor who is there most days of the week, even though everyone else speaks excellent English.	
Nov 14 2008	Very nice hotel good (and bad) location	A very nice hotel. I had a room overlooking people square that was excellent. Very centrally located, nearby some excellent shopping centres (try the food court of the 5th floor of Raffles Plaza - not the one on the ground floor). Also excellent location for the metro. My only gripe is the area is full of people hassling you in the street, to the point where you feel pestered. As soon as you step out of the hotel you get offered 'massage by pretty girl', watches, iphones, and of course the well documented Shanghai scam where you get approached by good looking young women who ask you if you can help them improve their English. Google for the rest of the story!	
Oct 31 2008 	One of the best choices in Shanghai	We spent three nights in the Radisson. This was our first contact with Chinese hotels and made an excellent impression. We had booked a special offer for a Suite on the 35th floor, which included pick-up service at the airport (a relief after 12 hours of flight), fresh fruits daily in the room, english newspaper, free internet, etc. Everything was perfectly organized!I can only confirm the positive comments of other fellow travelers regarding convenient location, friendliness and competence of the staff and cleanliness of the rooms. I would add that the suite we got - although not overlooking Renmin Square, but the less appealing backside, heavily under construction - was very pleasant, quiet and spacious. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom functional.While the buffet breakfast was rich and of excellent quality, the buffet dinner was less exciting. However this did not alter our general very positive impression. Anyway, if you are in Shanghai, you should not have dinner in a hotel but go out and look for genuine Chinese cuisine!!!	
Oct 8 2008	Good value for fantastic location	I stayed 3 very pleasant nights at the Radisson New World for business and I was quite pleased with my stay. I found a rate through Expedia for just over $200/night including all taxes and surcharges. It's not a super luxury 5-star hotel on a par with, say, the Mandarin Oriental, but given that the location is as perfect as you can get in this sprawling, congested town, and that the rooms were clean and efficient, the value for money paid was outstanding. I would heartily recommend the hotel to other travelers of all sorts, besides perhaps those with incredibly deep pockets who need world-class luxury.My room was clean, well appointed, and comfortable. Some have said the rooms were perhaps dated, but that was not my experience. The furniture was nice-looking and comfortable, the bed was plush and inviting, and the bathroom's granite sinktop was sturdy and luxurious. One of my favorite features was a double glass wall between the bathroom shower and the bedroom with a motorized venetian blind between the panes. This allowed privacy if you wanted it, but it also let me shower in full morning sunlight whilst being able to enjoy my commanding 23rd floor city view. In my case, both wired and wireless internet access were free and suitable if not blazing fast.I have traveled frequently to Shanghai and tried a lot of hotels; none has matched the fantastic location of the Radisson. Set right on People's Square, busy Shanghai is right at the front doorstep. The proximity of several malls, a Starbucks, and several other coffee shops and restaurants are a blessing for those who don't want to eat massively overpriced hotel breakfasts (or other meals). The head of E. Nanjing Rd., a pedestrian shopping street, is just steps away. At the other end of Nanjing Road, just a pleasant (if touristy) walk, lies the Bund with its great views and bustle of activity. People's Park is a great place for a walk or just some relaxation, and the Shanghai Museum is also set on the park. Shopping street Huaihai Lu is walkable from the hotel. Central driving artery Yan'An Lu is also close by, making points further west and east, like Pudong, accessible by vehicle. The central location is all you can ask for if you want to see a lot of Shanghai.I am not a heavy user of hotel services, so I am not usually the best indicator of how friendly the spa and restaurant staff are. Still, my somewhat limited interactions with staff were generally pleasant and up to the standards of a modern international hotel. I did order an airport transfer from Hongqiao airport, which was an embarrassing rookie mistake. The price was more than double the taxi ride I took out of Shanghai for the longer drive to Pudong Airport. But the concierge was later excellent in helping me procure an independent car service for a day's travel to Suzhou, even sending someone up to my room to take a business card so they could pinpoint my destination. Bellhops were convenient and helpful, there at the right times without being obtrusive or grabby as is often the case in this part of the world. Front desk staff were excellent, including the very pretty Japanese manager who checked me out with a big smile. The hostess in the roof restaurant was very accommodating in letting me have a walk around to enjoy the view without sitting for a meal. I even found some of the maids spoke some English. I second some of the reviews that say you must have (exactly one) drink at the bar on the 47th floor. The band is so awful it is a must-see; the unintentional comedy is worth the stiff price of a single nightcap.As a business traveler who has appointments all over Shanghai, but who also wants to be able to enjoy myself during my free time, I have stayed in 10 different hotels in 10 different trips to this city. On my next trip back, the Radisson will be my first repeat.	
Sep 17 2008 	It was good not mind blowingly fantastic but solid	We stayed here for three nights.The location of the Radisson Hotel is fantastic, right opposite Remin Square, and you can't miss it due to the big dome on the building. Its within walking distance of the Shanghai Museum and East Nanjing Road, where there are lots of shops and malls to browse in.We were a little disappointed with the room however. We got upgraded upon arrival which was a great surpise, but when we got in we felt the decor was a little lacking and dated, and the room was smaller than we thought (admittedly due to the layout). However it was clean and we even got a turndown service at night.The staff were helpful, although some of the English wasn't great, they were generally comprehendible.The top floor bar is something else! The Filipino band that played there has to be seen to be believed (and we don't mean in a good way :)). They certainly could change this area to make it a bit funkier, but that's just an opinion.So overall, the Radisson is a solid, dependable hotel, but I do think it is in need of a bit of a makeover.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great hotel!	Haven't been in a big chain hotel in a long while after discovering boutique hotels. This is a good surprise. Very clean, nice rooms, excellent service. Great heated pool! Must commend the concierge staff as they were helpful through our whole stay. The hotel bar at the top of the hotel is quite cheesy and would recommend drinks at the lobby instead.	
Aug 31 2008 	Maybe expected a bit more???	Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with the hotel but in comparison to other 5 star hotels I've stayed in in Asia it was nothing special, or nothing to rave about. After looking at photos of the hotel I was expecting something great but was a little dissappointed. As other reviewers have stated, the hotel and rooms were very clean. I didn't find the staff at reception to be overly friendly and when I tried to find out where to dine I was told were the tourists usually go which was not really what I wanted. The Australian girl at reception was very nice and helpful.The location was ok, it was a bit of a walk to get anywhere although it is near a metro station. We had dinner at one of the restaurants one night and the chinese food seemed very westernised and it was very expensive (expected). I think I would book somewhere else next time.	
Aug 28 2008 	Best hotel stay in China	The Radisson Shanghai was simply great all around. When we were checking in, we met a young woman who was interning at the hotel from Australia. From then on, she was always ready to help answer questions, find restaurants, provide travel advice and help out with tickets. If not for her we would not have gone to the Olympic football game at the Shanghai stadium. She also helped us figure out tickets to Suzhou. Also at check-in, we were upgraded to a suite on the 26th floor facing the Pearl Tower. What a view! Quite amazing. We could see the Pudong and beyond. The room was super clean and comfortable with turn down service at night. The hotel location is probably its best amenity. Right across from the People's Square, 2 min walk to the metro, 5 min walk to Nanjing rd markets, near a Starbucks (yes Starbucks is important) and walking distance to the Pudong. Basically amazing. The only thing that could be improved is the breakfast. It's quite expensive for China - 200RMB and just wasn't anything special. However, the bar on top of the hotel was great with great drinks and live entertainment. If I go to Shanghai again, I would stay at this hotel and this hotel only!	
Aug 25 2008 	Nice hotel fabulous location	After nine days at the Olympics in Beijing, my husband and I dragged our two kids, ages 4 and 15 months, down to Shanghai for two days because I was dying to see how the town had changed since we lived there in 2003. We had major pangs of regret as we left Beijing -- we couldn't remember why we had decided to abandon the Olympics, a free room at the JW Marriott, and our trusted, Mandarin-speaking babysitter in Beijing. My husband was freaking out all the way down to Shanghai. Then we arrived at the Radisson New World and breathed a sigh of relief. Shanghai is awesome, and the Radisson New World is a lovely hotel in a GREAT location. Some people may be overwhelmed by the crazy scene, but I felt a rush the minute we stepped out of the underground passage that leads directly from the hotel onto the pedestrian stretch of Nanjing Donglu (via the New World mall). We were in a &quot;Deluxe City View Room.&quot; It consisted of two rooms, which was GREAT for the kids. We could stash them in the bedroom at nap- and bedtime and still work or watch TV in the small office area. I could see the Oriental Pearl Tower from the office window -- a wonderful view of the tower &amp; Nanjing Rd. at night! The bathroom was huge with a separate shower, big bathtub and separate toilet area. Furnishings were nice, although not super-deluxe. We ate breakfast in the hotel one morning and it was very good -- huge American-style offerings at a fairly reasonable price. The pool is lovely -- it is indoors, but on the top of the lower building so that there is a glass roof over it. There is also an outdoor patio area adjacent to the pool. The pool has an attached whirlpool which the kids LOVED. If you are traveling with picky-eating kids, as I was, you will probably appreciate the very easy access to western fast food in the subterranean level of the adjacent New World Mall. The room service food was also very good. We had Shanghai noodles and one other Chinese dish one night and they were both great. However, one of three hiccups was the room-service hamburger. I ordered it cooked medium for the kids and it came very rare. When I complained the manager took the charge off my bill and sent us a complimentary fruit plate. GREAT! We had two other problems, neither major. One is that the room was not that clean. I found an empty soda bottle behind the curtains on our second day there -- it preceded our arrival! There was also trash (a used drinking straw and LOTS of lint) under the lip of the bed. Yuck. The second was the the shower was incredibly slow draining, so I was standing in nearly 2 inches of water by the end of my shower. Also kind of yuck. We had called ahead from Beijing to have the hotel van pick us up at Hongqiao airport. The price was 500 RMB, which is insanely high, but I did not want to fool around with finding a taxi van while herding two spazzy children. When we left Shanghai we paid 280 RMB for a taxi van to take us to Pudong airport. I still think it was worth the extra bucks (I mean RMB) to have the guy from the hotel waiting for us at baggage claim (with name sign) to take us right to our van. Again, I want to emphasize how wonderful the location was. We walked to the Bund our first night, then the next day stepped right onto a subway to go over to the Aquarium (first stop in Pudong). I loved walking around Nanjing Road -- so easy to entertain the kids! At first my daughter was put off by the swarm of vendors, but we taught her to say &quot;bu yao&quot; and then it became a fun game for her to shoo them away cheerfully. If we had stayed longer I'm sure we would have appreciated the proximity (across the street) to Renmin Park, but we didn't end up getting there. (First-time visitors to SH should definitely check out the Shanghai Museum in Renmin Park!) I would DEFINITELY stay at this hotel again, and in fact I can't wait!! Radisson New World, hen hao!	
Aug 23 2008 	Lovely!!	This is a magnificent hotel in a perfect location. The rooms were impeccable! I stayed here for business on 2 occasions within 2 weeks for a few nights each time. I had a suite one stay and a regular double room the next, and I was very impressed with the decor and details. I loved the whirlpool bath, the beautiful beds and linens, and the views are spectacular. Each stay I was above the 20th floor, and it was really beautiful. The location is perfect for walking and shopping, and although I didn't eat in the hotel facilities, I assume they were up to the other standards. The staff was friendly and helpful, and they had excellent English. They assisted with booking trains, stored some bags for me, and made other good recommendations. Unfortunately the pool was closed for repairs during my stay, but it couldn't be helped as it was from unexpected storm damage, and notices were posted conveniently for the guests. I will return again, for sure!	
Aug 5 2008 	pretty good hotel	pretty good hotel, but i can't say much b/c i've never stayed at a 5* beforee. stayed two nights in august and found all the workers very welcoming. some workers had pretty good english but a few need to brush up and imrpove their accents hahaa. after i checked out the third day i left my baggage at the concierge till around 5pm, and they happily did it for me. oh the first morning someone knocked and asked if our room's been cleaned. i guess that's nice of them butt if i wanted to sleep in that woulda been kinda bothersome. we used the sauna and swimming pool in the mornings and there were barely any ppl so that was greatt. the pool's nice but some of the tiles on the sides are coming off! be careful not to chip them out when u're sitting on it and moving or whatever. there's a patio-ish place by the swimming pool and it woulda been nice if the view was better, buildings next to (or part of?) the hotel were blocking the sides =[they play soothing music and the design looks wonderful soo it's definitely a relaxing place =]oh and for the whirlpool, don't forget to press a button on the side outside for the bubbles to come out. it wasn't very warm water, almost the same as the swimming pool cuz they're connected. amenities include 2 bottles of water a day/shampoo/conditioner/bath salt/bath gel?/body wash/comb/shower cap/nail filler/cotton balls/toothbrush&amp;paste/slippers/lotion/sink&amp;bathsoaps/bathrobes/etc..there were alott of white businessppl i thinkk.we went up to the 45th floor to take a look but didn't eat there, and the views were prettyyy nice! i think it'd be better if it were at night and started revolving too (we went in the morning before they started lunch). rooms were of decent size. ask for a higher floor to get a better view! i think we were in the back thoughh so we overlooked alot of low and old homes.. so perhaps facing nanjing road would be better? altho undoubtedly a bit louder..OHHH and i didn't mention about the location.. it's pretty much perfectt! right across from the metro (be careful crossing the street..u'll know how perrilous chinese traffic is when u get there) and directly connects to the shanghai new world shopping center. when u go through the door u'll immediately meet like 2 or 3 chinese banks.. i think exchanging money at a bank gives a better rate than the hotel soo go there! u can also get to the subway thru the shanghai new world center, but the directions might be a bit confusing. taxis are abundant on nanjing road and are CHEAPP! subways are cheap too but crowded at times so if u don't wanna be stuck next to sweaty ppl (the summer weather sucks) go for the taxi lol..i would DEFINITELY recommend this hotel if u're a tourist!!	
Jul 23 2008 	Great central Location.	This is a great central location and an oasis especially after 7 days travelling in the Chinese countryside.	
Jul 23 2008 	A Great Choice for Exploring Shanghai	For a first visit to Shanghai and after a good deal of research (including on Trip Advisor) we decided on the Radisson New World primarily for its location. In fact, we got a fabulous location and much more. The airport “meet and greet” included in our package was smooth and very welcome, and we were greeted upon arrival by a very pleasant young Australian management intern. Our Deluxe City View room was clean, modern, well-equipped, quiet and comfortable. The buffet meals overlooking People’s Square were fabulous, and it was a pleasure to sample a great variety of foods while checking e-mail on the hotel’s Wi-Fi which came in strong in the restaurant. The Food and Beverage Manager was on several occasions unusually friendly and hospitable. The concierge staff- whose services we required frequently- was also efficient and helpful.But best of all was indeed the location. The Radisson NW is perfectly located, Nanking Road, the other main shopping streets leading to the Bund, the Bund itself, the sites and activity of People’s Square, many historic preservation buildings and the current iteration of the knock-off market were all an easy walk. We had to take cabs to many sites, but a great deal of what Shanghai has to offer was within a half hour’s walk.The Radisson was also well-located for a very informative and worthwhile historic preservation tour we took provided by the Shanghai Historic House Association. Highly recommended for those interested in the Old Shanghai and its architecture.A foot note. Returning to Shanghai after an excursion to Hangzhou, we had (for a change of ambiance) reserved at an old villa in the French Concession turned into a boutique B&amp;B called “The Nine.” We found it colorful but cursed with the hardest bed we’ve ever run across, noisy due to all-night construction and a bit less than sparklingly clean. After one night we headed back to the Radisson- sans reservation- and it was like coming home again.Next time in Shanghai, we won’t have to think twice about where to stay.	
Jul 17 2008 	Modern functional good location and great value	Good hotel: fast, efficient staff at reception, nice rooms, comfortable beds, modern and large bathrooms. Excellent location with subway and underground line at People's Square. Also very good restaurants with an international food selection to suit everyones taste.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Hotel and Location	This hotel is located across from the People's Square/Park. Very conveniently located. For a chain hotel- it was top notch. We were upgraded to a suite w/ a view overlooking all the action of the park. The subway was across the street- 30 minute walk to the Bund. Breakfast not included in our price, but was very affordable and good. Did not dine in the other restaurants. The concierge was wonderful- booked airfare, and train tickets for us. Very efficient. Rooms are clean, and spacious. No problems. Highly recommended. Chose this hotel based on reviews and location.	
Jun 20 2008 	Great central hotel	A great hotel... we chose this hotel mainly based on price compared to the much more expensive Hyatt &amp; Shangri -La.I have no complaints about this hotel, services are excellent, cleanliness and rooms great.We stayed on the club level which gave breakfast and a 'happy hour' (2 hours!) of free snacks and drinks in the early evening.Views from the rooms are amazing, we could see the Oriental Pearl Tower and down and through the Nanjing Rd.Great location, on the Nanjng Rd (a nightmare for being hassled to buy &quot;bags, watches&quot;, be ready with the phrase 'Boo Yow' meaning not needed), a 10 minute walk to the Bund and the sightseeing tunnel(!!).Would recommend to anyone,, especially as a great substitute to the far more expensive versions in Pudong. Can't see that you'd get much more for your money in those hotels....	
May 20 2008 	The cleanest hotel in the world?	Stayed, again, at the Radisson New World for a week while in China on business.The reception area is spotless, and the staff excellent. Check-in is very quick, and with multi-national staff on the desk, it is made very easy.Porters will take your bags up to your room, but if you don't want them to, just politely decline. All rooms are very comfortable. There are different grades of room, and if you are lucky enough to be upgraded, it just gets better.My room was upgraded to a suite that has an entrace/office area, including a Plasma screen. The bedroom has a king size bed, TV, drawers, etc. The bathroom was fab, with a huge bath, a walk-in shower and seperate, huge, toilet cubicle.Rooms are cleaned every day and with all major hotels, towels are changed when thrown in the bath/floor.Every part of the hotel is cleaned, cleaned and cleaned again. Even the ashtrays in the reception area (you can still smoke indoors) have a Radisson logo de-bossed in the sand! Fantastic.As with every good luck story, there is a but - the price of drinks in the lobby bar is very high, but not as high as the price in the Sky Dome bar on the 49th Floor. A great night of kitch, cheesy sing-along, but drinks are very expensive. As an example, 2 beers, a wine and a brandy &amp; coke cost well over £20.Breakfast is very good, but again, quite expensive - around £15. The choice is great and it is all you can eat, so enjoy.If you need any information about where places are and how to get to them, ask the concierge desk, they are very helpful and will ensure your taxi driver knows exactly where to take you.Taxis are very cheap, but always make sure you have the address written in Chinese as well as English (or whichever language you speak) so the driver can read it - most don't speak any other languages.Shanghai is a great city and the markets are a must for all bargain hunters. Food is great, and quite well priced, especially the food bars in the department stores up Nanjing Road. There are many bars to drink in, most of which are very westernised, have good beer on tap and pool tables - watch out for the Thai pool sharks - and company is never hard to find.Be warned, when out and about, especially in the evenings, and especially when you get back to the hotels, you will be approached by beggars. These beggars could be old ladies, men, or women thrusting their little baby children into you at 2am in the morning (so i am told!) just for a few RMB - do not give them anything or you will entire families chasing you down the road, or twice as many there the next nightWe visit Shanghai twice a year on business, and usually stay at the Radi because it's clean, and very comfortable - enjoy.	
May 12 2008 	Great stay at the Radisson new world	I booked this hotel based on trip advisor reviews. We went out for a business trip in May.The hotel is located on a great road ( west nanjing).Its a very central location to get to all the main attractions. We were collected from the airport and taken there but a taxi wouldn't be expensive to get you there.The hotel gave us a free upgrade when we checked in. The rooms are clean and the staff are more then friendly. We were very impressed with our stay.I read that the breakfast was expensive and to go to starbucks but I would recommend having the breakfast there as starbucks doesn't open until 9am and plus the hotel offers a buffet breakfast so you can fuel up for the day.Its easier to eat out in the evening for less as the chinese in general don't really cater for breakfast very well.The hotel has a very good gym, swimming pool, bar with a 360' view, rotating restaurant, buffet restaurant, meeting rooms, free internet computer use as well as having a free internet use in each room. I think it offers very good value for money. You can access the new world shopping mall from the hotel. Bottom floor there is a good pharmacy.5th floor there is an ice rink. You can easily walk to the bund from the hotel and see the wonderful sight of Pudong lit up at night. On route in the evening there is constant squawking from traders to buy things( don't think Alan Sugar would be impressed with there pitches! it does get a little annoying). M on the bund is a nice restaurant to eat in and a treat. If you wanted to get across to the Pudong side then the site seeing tunnel is a interesting way of doing so.Its open until 10.30pm.The taxis in shanghai are a different experience! We didn't have an accident but came close many times. It is very cheap to get around though. If you are going somewhere far out make sure you get the concierge to translate into Chinese and write down where you are going incase the taxi driver gets lost, like ours did!I will be definitely staying here again as I couldn't fault the hotel or the staff.I managed to book a good rate through expedia.	
Apr 26 2008 	Good Hotel ..very good service	I recently stayed one night in this hotel. I was put into an executive floor room; check in straight through and up to the 35th floor. This process was smooth, fast very polite and efficient. (I liked happy hour in the bar on the same floor).My room was on the 33rd Floor. I can say a well designed space; I had no problems with any part of it accept the following minor observation. The dark timber used in the room furnishing is showing wear and can show up stains very clearly, housekeeping could be better in this regard. Similarly the bed head need s the hair oil and dandruff flakes wiped off from the previous occupant. Elvis may have left the building but his dandruff was still stuck on the bed head! Thank goodness for antiseptic wipes! Room service was without fault as was the laundry service. I had dinner in the revolving restaurant on the 44th floor and had a great night. I will stay here again.Very professionally run facility.	
Apr 20 2008 	Great location	Comfortable hotel in an excellent location. Friendly staff and service. Temperature control was limited in the room (it was either too hot or too cold) and breakfast was very expensive for what you get, but we still enjoyed our stay.	
Apr 16 2008 	A Pleasant Stay	We only had one night in Shanghai but we found this hotel very comfortable and well located - we were offered a free upgrade which no doubt enhanced our stay. Based on our experience and the recommendations of locals and others on TA would definitely stay here again	
Mar 25 2008	Great location superb swimmingpool!	This hotel faces the peoples square in shanghai. Lots of restaurants and bars (Starbucks) nearby! Rooms a very big and modern. It has a huge swimmingpool; great!	
Mar 8 2008 	We loved the Radisson New World	My wife and I spent the last 10 nights of February at the Radisson New World . We were booked on the club floor which was just terrific. Upon entering the club room on our first morning the hostess welcomed us and from then on the staff knew our names, what we preferred to eat each morning for breakfast, and what we liked to drink during the cocktail period. We enjoyed a lovely breakfast each morning at the club where we meet some very interesting people from all over the world. We tried the dining room once for breakfast and while the buffet assortment was copious we liked the low key atmosphere of the club. We had a Deluxe room which had a separate small office area and a large bedroom with king size bed. The bathroom was fabulous with a separate toilet area, bath tub, and huge walk in shower. Everything done in a beautiful neutral marble.The location could not be better. Out the door and one can walk the pedestrian mall area on Nanjing Road continuing to the end and there is the Bund. Also walk to all the museums, People's Park, antiquing on Dong Tai Road, and of course the big knock off multi- story mall on Nanjing Road West.A value added plus is the low cost of the taxi rides....never more than $2-4.Since we were gone almost the entire day we enjoyed eating in the hotel in the evening. The first floor restaurant was excellent and you could order ala carte or the buffet which offered everything from seafood to lamb chops cooked to order with a large selection of accompaniments. The entire staff was very kind and helpful at all times. The housekeeping was excellent. We truly enjoyed our stay at this hotel and look forward to returning again.	
Mar 3 2008 	A good choice	Very well placed Hotel for the tourist on foot. We upgraded our room for 250Y a night which gave us a great bathroom and an office area. My roomwas a little hot and the hotel never really understood the problem so I kepth the window open. Not so good in smog filled Shanghai. Otherwise the staff were attentive and helpful. A good concierge desk although there is little choice and tours tend to concentrate on &quot;opportunities&quot; for you to spend money. Good food options and a fun bar on floor 45.	
Feb 15 2008 	Excellent hotel	This is one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The hotel location is excellent. It is at the end of Nanjing Rd (great for shopping) a short 15-20 min walk to the Bund and also the Metro station. If you are getting a taxi, get the hotel staff can write out where you would like to go in Chinese so you know what stop to get off on the subway. The service at the hotel is outstanding. The staff is really helpful and friendly. Most of the staff at the hotel can speak English which makes it easy as a tourist. The room/bathroom are beautiful, with fantastic views of the city.Go up to the restaurant on the top floor also, and get panoramic views.	
Feb 13 2008	Great Hotel!	The Radisson was a great hotel, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking to travel to Shanghai. It is very well located, right in the heart of busy Nanjing Rd. There is a huge department store right next door, which includes a large pharmacy (very useful if you're going in the winter time and suddenly get a cold). Nanjing pedestrian mall is just down the street, right next to the Royal Meridien Hotel, which has some good restaurants. The rooms in the Radisson (try get one above the 21st floor) are pretty spacious, with a large desk, desk chair, full-length mirror, coffee table and two comfy chairs. The bathroom was also large and well designed. The staff at the front desk were always friendly and helpful, writing out destinations in Chinese for us. And if you happen to stumble across bad weather, you can simply borrow an umbrella from the concierge and return it at the end of the day. Windows on the Park, the restaurant just above the lobby, is large and spacious and the buffet breakfasts there are excellent. There is a lot of variety, Western and Asian, from pastries and fruit, to pancakes, hash browns, spring rolls and fried rice. But don't buy a bottle of water from the hotel deli - they charge too much. You can buy one from a department store for much cheaper. All in all, a great experience!	
Jan 29 2008 	Highly recommended on all counts	We can highly recommend this hotel. It is in an excellent location at the top of the East Nanjing Road mall. Over the road from the park and easy walk to the major galleries and museums. Over the road from the metro. Surrounded by shops and 10 minutes walk to the markets.The hotel has a great pool and gym area. But the very best thing is the wonderful concierge service. we approached them many times each day to help with translating destinations, booking tickets, restaurants and transport (train tickets). Even writing out things in Chinese. The concierge service really makes the city accesible for those of us who don't speak Mandarin. The rooms were very comfortable and nice bathrooms (especially in suite upgrade). Free internet connection in your room is a bonus for checking weather and Trip Advisor!	
Jan 9 2008	Fantastic service great location	Stayed in the Radisson New World from 27 Dec 07 to 7 Jan 08. Hotel was in a great location - right on People's Square. I had stayed in the Hengshang Mollerville in the French Concession District before but found this far more convenient. as a base from which to explore the city. Right out on the square so you could just hail a cab whenever. UFO style restaurant on the top floor was a handy landmark - made finding your way back easy if you went wandering off the square for a few hours without a map. Fantastic service - really efficient and friendly concierge teamwith fluent English. Important if you don't speak the language as it can be tricky navigating the city without some local help translating addresses for cabs. I was travelling with family and booked a double and a twin. I asked for two quiet rooms in the City Tower and got them - the rooms are arranged in a ring around the lifts so if you get them in the middle i.e. at the furthest point from the lifts - then there is very little footfall passing your door. We took rooms 7 and 8 on 27th floor - assume layout is the same on each floor. Rooms were nothing to write home about but comfortable and a decent size. Ditto the bathrooms - everything you need and some decent cosmetic products to boot. Tea and coffee making facilities in each room and fresh milk in the fridge each day - an unexpected dairy treat in China! Free internet connection in the rooms which was just as well as hotel rate in the business centre was 4 Euro for 15 Mins!!! Definitely worth bringing a laptop if you plan on using the web. We did not book a room including breakfast but had it twice a la carte and it was good. Tons of it so order conservatively and share and you won't be broke. In general the hotel the food was fairly good value for the standard of the hotel but drinks were pretty outrageous - inadvertantly paid 5 Euro for a peppermint tea one morning. One very useful resource was the hotel Deli which sold take out sandwiches and salads and pastries quite reasonably - 2.20 - 3.50 Euro for a nice sandwich. Handy if you wanted some Western grub on the run. Decent quality although limited range of stuff. Most of the front of house staff spoke excellent English with the peculiar exception of the room service staff who were unable to take even the most straightforward order from the menu. The facilities in the hotel were good and it was all jazzed up for Christmas which was nice if a bit tack-tastic. Personally, I thought the lobby looked a lot better when they took all the glitz down on 6 Jan -really quite an impressive entrance. The hotel has a decent size pool but it was not very well heated and a bit cold for my liking. One bizzare fearture of the hotel was that there was a jacuzzi and cold plunge pool for male guests but none for female. No idea what the story is there... The steam room and sauna were fine - one each for men and one each for the ladies. Gym looked great and I think there may be squash courts too... I used the hotel spa towards the end of my stay and wished I had used it earlier. Was good and well priced - 18 Euro for a 30 min facial which seemed like a bargain to me. I only ate in the revolving restaurant &quot;Epicure on 45&quot; once - just so much choice in Shanghai it seemed like a cop out to eat in the hotel. We went on our last night. The food was good but we did feel very rushed by the staff and the service was not great. In fairness to them we were eating late and they did mention their closing time when we booked. Still, we only ordered one course and still really felt under pressure to eat and leave. Fab views though - better than from Cloud 9 in my opinion - so book early and plan to stay a while. They had some cheap options if you are on a budget - curry and pasta dishes were around 10-15 Euro. (A good tip for posh restaurants in Shanghai - ask for iced water. It is perfectly safe in high end places. Other options such as Evian clock in at aroung 8 Euro a bottle and you could easily find your beverages costing more than the food.) The location of the Radisson was great - People's Square is a good starting point and we were in walking distance from the Bund which was nice as the weather was sunny and cold - good for a promenade stroll. Also you could check out the old folks practising Tai Chi in the People's Park and on East Nanjing Road in the mornings if you were up early enough ( 7:00-7:30). The New World Mall beside the hotel (which you can enter from the hotel) has a drugstore in the basement called Watsons.It sold all the necessaries and had some recognisable brands of shampoo etc. If you have kids with you there is an ice rink in the mall too - on the 5/6th floor I think. Overall a very pleasant stay. The hotel website suggest s that there is no airport pickup but they arranged a transfer to Pudong for us in a large people carrier when we left . Cost 280 RMB. Might be worth seeing if they can pick you up at Pudong as it was a much less nerve racking experience than the inbound cab journey and had the added luxury of functioning seatbelts in the back seat which is a rarity in Shanghai. (We were involved in no less than 3 collisions in our 11 day stay - two were minor and involved clipping cyclists - one more serious and quite scary but luckily nobody was hurt) I would definitely stay again - worth noting that we were visiting during the quietest time of year which meant that the hotel was quite quiet and People's Square/Nanjing Road was fairly civilised too. I reckon if you visit at a peak tourist time such as Chinese New Year it could be a more hectic experience both in the hotel and the immediate environs. That aside I would highly recommend the New World - for the location and the service. For a reasonably posh hotel it was very relaxed - not at all stuffy and the staff were really friendly and obliging. I know some of the local run hotels are a bit cheaper but my experience staying in one the last time was that the standard of English made communication a tiring and frustrating experience for all concerned. The poor receptionist at Hengshang Mollerville looked like she wanted to cry whenever we approached to look for an address or book a show. It wasn't that the staff were unfriendly or unwilling to help - the language barrier was just exhausting for everyone. Make life easy for yourself and book somewhere the staff can help you make the most of your time in the city. You will have plenty of interaction with non English speakers all day and it was nice to come &quot;home&quot; and take a break from Shanghai charades. (My brother's mined request re:toilet facilities in Plaza 66 was the highlight of this particular game- stony faced security guard actually cracked up. I was just glad we weren't arrested for public indecency) Staying in the New World really made a huge difference to my enjoyment of the city this time around. Just book it!	
Jan 4 2008 	FANTASTIC!	Just retruned from my New Year's trip in Shanghai. The hotel location is excellent. It is at the end of Nanjing Rd (great for shopping) a short 15-20 min walk to the Bund and right across the street from People's Square where you can walk to the museums and also the Metro station. The hotel staff can write out where you would like to go in Chinese so you know what stop to get off on the subway. Also taxi drivers do not speak English so have where you want to go written down in Chinese. The service at the hotel is outstanding. The staff is really helpful and friendly. Most of the staff at the hotel can speak English which makes it easy as a tourist. The room/bathroom are beautiful. My room was located on the 33rd floor with a great view of the TV tower. I reserved a deluxe club room which included breakfast in the rate and also fresh fruits in the room daily. All around just a FANTASITC hotel and FANTASTIC city. Enjoy your visit.	
Jan 2 2008 	Shanghai Weekend	My family recently spent three days staying in the Radisson New World Hotel in Shanghai . What can we say ? Overall a good trip and a worhtwhile place to visit however Shanghai is very busy and noisy . Very much a city of the haves and have nots where high rise glitzy buildings neighbour slums . However the hotel was a good place to chill after the hussle and bustle of the city . Excellent location right beside Renmin Park/Square Underground station and in the middle of Nanjing Lu where Nanjing Xie meets Nanjing Dong Lu . Easy walking distance of most of Shanghai sites , the Bund , HuaiHai Lu , YuYan Gardens and of course easy underground access to PuDong area . Great hotel with excellent facilities and accomodation .Fantastic view from roof top revolving restaurant worthwile checking out the Sky bar also ! Prices for food and drink bit on expensive side compared with other Chinese cities but hey you are in Shanghai . Breakfasts were superb !We also spent some time shopping in Super Brand Mall in PuDong , prices dearer than UK . We ate in the Bund View restaurant , good views of river and Blue Frog bar , good food and music . We went up the Jin Mao tower which gives different perspective of the city !Downsides :Were the hawkers on Nanjing Dong Lu , a firm Bo ya required . The Bund was very disappointing , great views across the river to PuDong but on PuXie side it looks a bit run down and seedy in some places .	
Dec 29 2007	This is a great hotel	Make sure the breakfast buffet is included in your room price when you book because it's a great buffet, you'll love it, and you don't necessarily want to pay for it separately because it's about $25 per person. When you're trying to recover from jet lag it's a great help to start the day with a fabulous buffet especially when you're traveling with three hungry boys as we were. As others have mentioned the health club and pool are wonderful. The treadmills and elliptical machines have built-in TV's. The men's changing room has a sauna, steam room and jacuzzi.The junior suite was gorgeous with plenty of room for the kids to set up their board games and me to set up the computer and use the wireless internet. The concierge booked us the Chinese acrobats (don't miss them for anything) at a reasonable price. We booked a professional tour to Suzhou but we had to detour to a water-town (ZhouXiang) because fog closed the road to Suzhou. We got a very attractive English speaking guide so did not have any of the problems in this area that another guest reported.The metro is right across the street. You can walk to the Shanghai Museum in 10 minutes and to the Bund in about one-half hour. In fact we walked all the way to Yu's Gardens but took a cab back. The hotel is on one of the main shopping streets (Nanjing Lu) and is centrally located. Pudong, the French Concession and Xintiandi are just short metro rides away. Everyone at this hotel was nice. We stayed here 5 days and really loved this hotel.	
Dec 7 2007 	as good as home	Switched from the sheraton and went to the new world because of its great position in the centre of shanghai, this was my second stay at this hotel in 8 weeks and it is starting to feel like home. Great staff attentive and helpful might be the australian gms influence the restaurants are all of a high quality and the revolving retaurant is spectacular. You can walk to everthing and the near by shopping is world class. It is a hotel that i will just keep coming back to because it makes you feel like your home	
Dec 2 2007 	nice place (my 2nd visit)	wE BOOKed it through its wb site. This is the 2nd time we satyed there sicne 2 years ago. Great location and nice rooms. The only complain we had this time is the AC is not working in the room, after they moved us to another room, we had no problem. Room is big and clean, with two TV. You can exchange money up to 400 bucks a day. The nearby banks are with long lines so I got my RMB from the hotel. The breakfast and lunch are OK, and expensive. You can go to the next door(mall) with many places to get food. There is 7-11 ish place behind hotel so you can get some drinks over there. The biggest problem we had this time is the begger in front door at night. The hotel seems has aggreement with them. They don't show up during the day. But at night, they come out and right in your face. I am not saying this is the problem in this hotel. It seems the problem in general in China these days. Otherwise, we like ths hotel. We stayed there when it first opened a couple years ago. Now, it is a bit expensive, but the hotel is still good. We will not mind coming back.PS becasue its location, it is hard to get a cab during 6-8 pm dinner time, but the hotel staffs are pretty good at helping you out to get one.	
Nov 23 2007 	Excellent hotel and staff	Excellent hotel in great location, we stayed on the business floor and the staff in the lounge were very helpful. I was with my wife and it is good location very close to the shopping in Nan Jing and the Bund.The revolving restaurant on the 45 floor may be a little on the expensive side but the views and food are good.The rooms on the business floors are in 2 parts 1 with a desk TV and pay bar the other with the bed and 3 part bathroom. It really suited what we wanted from our stay. I was entirely happy with the hotel.A visit to the Pearl TV tower, a short taxi ride away, and its revolving restaurant at 265 mts (1,000) feet are worth while, a package for everthing including a short river cruise is about £30 ($60)	
Nov 20 2007 	Had a great time here.	After a 5 day organized tour, my wife and I set out for 3 days alone in Shanghai. This location is terrific and very close to excellent shopping---the New World, 8 story mall is attached to the hotel.For other than pedestrian outings, the cabs are a wonderful bargain but the square, NanJing shopping street and the Bund are withing walking distance.The hotel lobby is very attractive and desk persons understood 2 non Chinese speaking Americans. (Check-in, concierge &amp; money changing experiences were great) We booked a room that gave us access to the Club Lounge and the staff there was superior as well as very attentive.Revolving restaurant has a great lunch special with one fantastic view of this amazing city---no hurry from staff so we stayed for over 90 minutes and could have lingered longer.We'd stay here again.	
Nov 17 2007	Good quality great location	My wife and I stayed in this hotel in September 2007 for 4 nights.The Radisson New World is a top quality hotel in Shanghai with an excellent location for tourists. It is situated on famous Nanjing Rd, across from a subway station, and walking distance to the Shanghai Museum. We walked to the Bund at night, it took about 45 minutes at a leisurely pace.During the day you can cut through to the adjacent shopping mall then walk underground to the subway station across the road. Be aware that the subway is very crowded, so watch your belongings. Also be prepared to barge your way in and out or risk getting left behind.After staying in 4 other hotels on a tour, the best feature of the Radisson New World was SOFT BEDS! Our room was good, a typical standard room for a 4-5 star hotel. The shower and bedroom are seperated by a glass screen - a nice touch. You can watch tv while in the shower!While it is great to be on Nanjing Rd, we actually did most of shopping (especially clothes) on Huai Hai Rd. We caught the subway there.The hotel service is professional but some of the staff seemed snobby and disinterested.The pool area is impressive and the pool itself is large and great for either a relaxing dip or swimming laps. The gym is well equipped.One block away behind the hotel are some authentic Shanghai backstreets, a markedly different atmosphere from Nanjing Rd. If you go down the street with Taco Bell on the corner then take your first left, you will find a cheap supermarket, fruit stores, and more. Just be careful to dodge the scooters and traffic.Overall the Radisson is worthy of its 5-star rating but nothing spectacular. It perhaps lacks a bit of character but is convenient and good value for its location and quality. 4.5 out of 5.	
Nov 15 2007	Great Hotel One of the Best!	I have stayed at this hotel once in 2006 and again recently and the staff continue to WOW me! My family had their most enjoyable stay in a great location. The hotel is impecable in cleanliness, the spa/pool/fitness center is one of the best for family leisure. Everything in Shanghai is just a hop step and a jump away. The Concierge staff were one of the best that I have come across in my travels around the world, they cared about my family and gave us all the right advice to places to visit at a low cost. I read previously a negative about the Conciereg staff at the hotel, this person must have had a bad day...Going to Shanghai? one of the best hotels to stay in!	
Nov 3 2007 	Expensive not luxury	Looking forward to staying here at the end of our holiday. Thought we would get a large, modern room for the money. They did upgrade us apparently, but we still felt the room was pretty ordinary. It had another smaller room attached with a TV and desk and wardrobe - but we would have preferred to not have them separated. The bathroom was very nice though, with a huge shower and toilet area. The view from our room wasn't the most interesting, although we were 27 floors up. Would have preferred to see the park or Nanjing Road. I suppose we were looking forward too much to this place, and it let us down. It was a typical expensive hotel, particularly the bar. They didn't have any cheaper wines on the wine list, just the ones that cost £30! and not much atmosphere there, with just a few tourists sat around listening to the band singing. Breakfast wasn't included in the price, and was expensive if you ordered it. Room service for two burgers and a plate of fruit cost us £20. Reception was good and efficient, and they quickly found us a taxi for the airport. Not a bad hotel, just not very interesting or worth the money. They did bring us two chocolates each evening too, ringing on the doorbell and then bursting into the room within seconds!!!	
Nov 3 2007 	Service Stinks	First, let me say that the hotel rooms and facilities are nice. It is also located in a good location. However, if you are a westerner who is unfamiliar with Shanghai you will need help from the concierge desk to get around town and do things. This is where this hotel is awful. My wife and I had a number of issues with the concierge, but on our last day there it hit rock bottom. We asked for their assistance in doing a day trip to Suzhou. They initially told us to take a train, but forgot to mention that we should make resevations in advance. So when we went to the station to buy tickets the trains were sold out. We then asked them to get us a car to take us. To our surprise the concierge hails a taxi and tells the guy to take us to Suzhou. The guy obviously had no idea where we were going so we spent the next six hours driving around rural China until I forced the taxi driver to get off the road and turnaround. When I got back to the hotel, the concierge joked that he must have gotten us a stupid cab driver and offered to make it up by getting someone to drive us to the airport the next day. Not what I would expect to make up for ruining our last day in China. I strongly recommend spending a little extra money on a five star hotel because the service aspect is really important in China.	
Oct 29 2007 	Great Hotel	Wonderful hotel. Great location, friendly staff and excellent restaurants. Actually the main coffee shop in the hotel served absolutely great food at a reasonable price. Stayed there twice in October, 2007 and both times was upgraded to a junior suite for no additional cost and without asking for it. The place is a must stay when in Shanghai.	
Oct 23 2007 	new world is actually old world	We booked a 2 bedroom suite ( family suite ) as the price seemed like a bargain relativelly speaking.I will not slam the hotel as our experience was not in keeping with this forum's comments where-in the reviews for the hotel are generally good.My advice is DO NOT book the 2 bedroom suite, it is next to a glass elevator and reminds one of sleeping in a hotel on top of the tube in london. click clak constantlly.Otherwise the hotel, staff etc measured up to comments in this hotels review pages.The hotel is very well located although busy and noisy.We booked out next morning and moved to grand hyatt jin maoIf you can get the rooms for the same price, dont think twice, Hyatt blows away everything in Shanghai.My review on the Hyatt will be forthcoming	
Sep 27 2007 	The best hotel I've ever stayed in!	This is one amazing hotel... The lobby alone is worth a visit. It all started with me being upgraded to the lounge floors - Exceptional view! Only book this hotel if you have 3-4 hours for their spa/pool area, because that really rocks! Also remember to visit the sky bar at night! WOW...	
Sep 15 2007 	Best Hotel in Asia	Everything about this hotel is great.Staff are friendly &amp; helpful and speak english!!! The rooms are fab, very clean, good size and modern as well as some terrific views over Shanghai's sky line. The location is second to none and everything is in walking distance. Good value for money. Don't think twice... JUST BOOK IT!	
Sep 11 2007 	perfect spot	first time in china, and first nights in shanghai! this hotel was well situated for us. People's square is a good spot to start exploring the city (museums, nanjing street, old city, xintiandi, french concession...). the reeption was friendly and helpful. we told them it was our first time there, and we got a splendid view on people's square from the 36th floor. the breakfast room was nice, and the choice plenty. nothing to complain about. I'd come again, even if I think the marriott might be another good option (htey have a great champagne bar).the only thing i thought was not up to it was the restaurant at the top of the hotel. it looked boring and empty...didn't eat there though.	
Aug 30 2007 	thumbs up!!	i'm writing right now from the cute little desk in our two-room suite at the hotel, which is not huge, but quite comfortable, and has free internet access. the hotel is in an awesome spot, and the city is amazing. usually i prefer smaller, historic hotels, but shanghai is all about new and gliz, and since my husband is here for an &quot;international residency&quot; through school, my daughter and i have joined him. the pool is fabulous! and the sky bar on the 47th floor and the bizarre filipino band doing covers of michael jackson songs (but only singing the back-up vocals while a taped singer does the main part) - well, it's fantastically out-of-body. viva!	
Jul 12 2007 	Brilliant location good hotel	I booked this hotel due to the location. It's right in the middle of everything. On the main part of Nanjiang rd (the main shopping street). right above a metro stop. and because of the good trip advisor reviews.We had 3 rooms and booked a discounted rate through the website. On check in we were offered an upgrade to a deluxe for about US$30 which we were told would be a larger room with an office area and a walk in shower (opposed to the above the bathtub ones). This turned out to be a good move as the rooms were significantly larger (i caught a glimpse of a standard room from the hall) Plus the office area, though a little strange in layout was a good addition. Our rate didn't include breakfast and I didn't pay the 200rmb(abt US$30) for the buffet as i thought it was too much.We did try an a la carte breakfast there one day but I think we must have been the first to do so for ages as they took about 40 minutes to cook some eggs. If your rate doesn't include breakfast then I'd suggest across the road there is a little stand that sells pastries and really excellent portuguese tarts (yes I know it sounds strange being china but they are a Macau recipe)The design of the hotel is very chinese with a lot of gold and glitz. it's a little over the top for my liking but nice nevertheless. The location is fantastic with everything on your doorstep. The staff are very friendly and willing to help and basically this is an excellent choice for a stay in Shanghai.	
Jun 10 2007	A Superb Property	We have just returned from our first visit to Shanghai, having stayed 3 days at the Radisson New World, June 2007. We experienced attentative service with all frontline staff with exceptional attention given to us by bell boys. Excellent advice and direction, tips and recommendation was provided on local sights, services and in particular, shopping areas. Although many staff communicated in basic English, assistance was sought from peers when terminology required clarification.Our Delux room was very accomodating, having upgraded at check in at the recommendation of Reception staff. This was expected, and according to our booking agent, room configurations were not confirmed until one actually checked in. We arrived at the hotel at 9.15 am our room was immediately available rather than wait until the usual 2 pm check in time. Our room was serviced daily to a high standard, followed up by an and early evening service with complimentary chocolates and towel replacement if required. We had a great view of the city and The Peoples Park.Hotel amenities were well appointed; large pool, fitness rooms, lobby area, bar etc. We dined inhouse for breakfast and supper with a good range of food tastes on offer; Buffet and A la Carte.As has previously been stated in other reviews, this property is well situated on Nanjing Road (E) &amp; (W). Shops and department stores in the adjacent hotel area were very handy, although, almost all retail staff we encountered spoke no English.Our only suggestion being more brochures, advertising or postcards of local attractions, shows or events could have been displayed in the hotel lobby area as we would have liked to have attended an evening show if possible.Prompt personalised email correspondence was received from the Hotel Manager regarding our completed check-out feedback forms, proving an open direct line to management within days of our departure which was appreciated.We would definitely like to return to this property again in the near future.	
May 2 2007 	Simply Follows Shanghai's Heartbeat	We stayed at the Radisson New World Shanghai for three nights in August 2006. We have designated to a deluxe king size bedroom included buffet breakfast.The staffs at the front desk on arrival and departure were efficient with fairly good english. Concierge were very enthusiastic to say the least although they have a little bit frustated with their limited english knowledge. A taxi to the airport was stand-by every time you need in front of the hotel.The room was spacious, nice and clean. We had a small office space after the doorstep with an LCD TV and a desk. The bedroom nicely arranged, nice ambience and clean. The bed was comfortable though a little hard with another LCD TV which have english movie channels and news channels. The bathroom was really nice, bath tub in whirpool design and separated rain-drop shower room. The lighting was remarkable combined with sun-shade blindfolded and glasses separation to the bedroom.All room functions were located at the table beside the bed, such as room lighting, TV switch, air-con switch, make-up room and don't disturb mark. We had our breakfast at the 'Windows on the Park' Restaurant at the hotel. The buffet was sumptous with asian, chinese and western variety of foods. Continental style breakfast was also available for choices of fresh juices, yoghurt, cereal, fresh fruit, cheeses, congee, etc. Don't bother to skip your breakfast since the New World shopping and food mall is located next door and it had connecting access to the hotel's lobby. Many type of restaurants spreaded in each floor were available at your choice, i.e. from starbuck, mcdonald, ajisen ramen, hotpot, chinese, steak and fusion. There is also a souvenier shop on the lobby level for last minute souveniers - but beware of the price which you may preferable to find other stores in the mall next door. Nevertheless, the location is premier. It takes 5 minutes walk to Nanjing Rd., the famous shopping district in Shanghai towards the Bund area (french concession). Subway station is adjacent to the hotel building and sharply above the New World shopping and food mall. You can directly use 'maglev' service and continue by subway to reach the hotel from the airport. Its only cost you RMB68 (for maglev, one way) and RMB5 (for subway). The taxi service from hotel to the airport costs about RMB120. We will definitely stay again at Radisson New World Shanghai and also recommend anyone.	
Apr 30 2007 	Not what I expected	I had booked a room in the Hotel's Radisson Club Suite and was disappointed by the service I received. The executive club was practically empty and the service very official. Despite paying for a club facility, I was told that breakfast would not be served on the 20th floor (Club) but at the ground floor restaurant because of the public holidays in China. Evening drinks/canapes were also not being served at the club . The staff at the restaurant were unfriendly - when I complained that my tea was served cold, the waitress sniggered and went on to talk about me to her colleagues. The room was good - I can't complain about it, although it was rather substandard compared to other five star hotels I have stayed in. A series of other complaints led me to have a meeting with the manager. I was offered a refund for the inconvenience. The only thing I could really marvel at was the location of the hotel. I am sure others have probably had very good stays there - but unfortunately I didn't.	
Apr 22 2007 	Another great stay!	This is my third stay here and for good reason! It has a great location, beautiful hotel and was actually one of the less expensive five star hotels in Shanghai. I booked it last year because it was rated highly here on TripAdvisor and less than a year later I've come back because it was such a great find last time. I stayed for leisure while my fiancee was there for work. The location is within safe walking distance from everything for lone travelers. Will return again!	
Apr 16 2007 	Great location	We stayed here for 3 nights at a good rate quoted on the internet and then confirmed by our travel agent as we wanted to make sure they put an extra bed in the room [CNY 1,063 per night plus 300 for a rollaway]. The location is excellent at the top of East Nanjing Rd and across from People's Square. The staff were fine, the room big enough for the 3 of us with a good bathroom. The only quibble I had with the room was that it was hard to adjust the air conditioning and the room was always too warm for me.The hotel buffet breakfast was good but expensive compared with prices outside the hotel, but this is the same for all the hotels we stayed at in China. There is an excellent street for restaurants just behind the hotel and we ate at different places each night. There is an excellent indoor swimming pool, a pool table which appeals to teenagers [ you have to pay] and mah jong tables. I would stay here again.	
Apr 4 2007 	High Above Shanghai	An excellent hotel and worthy of a 5 star rating. We booked on the Hotel website and they offered an AAA rate and we chose the Club level with breakfast. Upon arrival we were upgraded from a queen room to a suite with king bed and although the hotel information said continental breakfast, we were offered a full American breakfast on the club level or the choice of eating in the cafe. The location is great at the head of the Nanjing walking area and close to other points of interest like the museum.	
Mar 27 2007 	Not Bad	We stayed at the Radisson for approximately week in March 2007. The staff at the front desk on arrival were polite enough although not overly friendly, with fairly good english, and they upgraded us to the club floor free of charge. Bell boys were very enthusiastic to say the least. The room itself was quite nice and clean, although it had an odd smell at first which we must have gotten used to because I didn't notice it by the next day. We also had a small office with a TV and a desk, although not all that comfortable! The bedroom was small but also nice and clean, and the bed was comfortable (if a little hard but still decent). Another TV in the bedroom as well with some english movie channels and news channels. The bathroom was really nice, although the lights were constantly flickering so we eventually just stopped turning them on.We also had problems with people constantly wanting to come in our room for something - first housekeeping (fair enough), then restocking the minibar, then again somebody wanting to come in to change something on the phone, and then again 2 more people but not explaning why, we asked them to come back in half an hour and they never did. Very strange and a little annoying, we asked the duty manager about it and he apologised for so many interruptions but told us to put the do not disturb sign on - fair enough, but we couldn't find one. Eventually we figured out it was actually a button next to the bed, although there was nothing to indicate that's what it was.We ate a few times at their restaurant 'Windows on the park' at the buffet, which was decent but a pricey for Shanghai. I suggest going mainly for the Asian food. Didn't try any of the other restaurants as they were even more expensive, although we did have a couple of drinks at the bar downstairs near the lobby.The little souvenier shop on the lobby level was useful to get some last minute souveniers (although not cheap, look elsewhere if you can) - the shop selling little Jade pieces and statues had some beauitful things but very, very expensive, and a crazy sales man. Concierge was always very helpful. Only problem we had here was when we were leaving, they got a taxi for us (we had previously just flagged them down ourselves), and i think it was an illegal taxi because his meter was going double time - not sure if this was their fault or not, but I had been warned that that sometimes happened before I went, so my own fault I guess!P.S If you are considering using the virtual golf (8th floor i think), don't bother!	
Mar 17 2007 	A bit disappointing	As with everything in Shanghai, the minute you arrive at the Radisson New World, you're being sold MORE MORE MORE than what you ordered. We had booked a Deluxe suite, and immediately the woman behind the counter began trying to sell us an upgrade. For an extra $85 a night we would have the use of the Club Floor, which basically meant free breakfast and all-day cookies. When we decided not to upgrade, she looked a little crestfallen and announced &quot;NO BREAKFAST&quot;. OK, we knew that.Our room was ....odd. We had booked a &quot;Deluxe Suite with Sitting Area&quot;. The Sitting Area turned out to be a sort of office, with a little desk and a chair on each side. All we could do was play &quot;job interview&quot;. It wasn' t a comfortable place to sit and watch TV.Our second day there, we went out and then returned to our room at around midday, for a nap. While we were napping, someone came into the room. It was a young lady who peered in at us, lying in bed, and said &quot;Just checking the mini bar&quot;! Oh really??? Not ten minutes later, the doorbell rang and someone wanted to change some light bulbs. Ten minutes after THAT, the doorbell rang again - did we have laundry? I mean, what the hell? Maybe we were just really strange looking and the staff was all coming up to have a look?I had a foot massage (excellent) and a facial (so-so) in the spa on the 7th floor. Both times the technician tried to sell me more than I had booked...you want a full massage? you want a full facial? But I was learning that this is the way things are in Shanghai -- everyone is trying to sell you. It's a good place to learn how to say no, and you should. The location of the Radisson is perfect, right in the center of town, across from the subway, a short walk to the Bund along the amazing shopping street. The Starbucks next door doesn't open til 9:30 am though, so if you need a latte, you'll have to walk a few blocks. The room was a bit dark, especially the bathroom, which only had indirect lighting (sometimes that's a merciful thing, but sometimes you want to see what you really look like). Our view was pretty bad, we looked down on the cover over the pool, and a construction site. Personally I think we paid a little too much for this room (we paid around $200 a night). It has its good points but its far far from a five star hotel.	
Mar 16 2007	Fantatsic Hotel	Radisson Hotel Shanghai New World is excentlly located near the Nanjing Pedastrian Walkway. Bell hops and staff at the concierge were wonderful, especially two of the staff, Michael and Wilson. They were courteous and helpful. However, some of the receptionists were not as nice and sincere. The hotel room was nice and clean. Beds were comfortable although the pillows were a tad too soft. On the whole, the stay was good.	
Feb 22 2007 	Very Good Hotel Option - Excellent Location	I did a search on expedia and hotels.com and found the exact same rate on the Radisson website for 988 RBM per night. Reasonable for a 4-star hotel. The front desk and concierge were very helpful and polite which I found an uncommon trait in the big city of Shanghai. I had a standard room, but found it very comfortable - both the bed and bathroom. The bathroom was interesting in that there were blinds which could enable a person to see out (or in) from the bedroom. One small problem was that the bathroom drain was clogged, but otherwise no complaints. Couldn't have asked for a better location. Very central and right on Nanjing Road. Walking distance to shopping shopping and more shopping. Less than ten minutes walk to Shanghai Museum and the subway is right across the street.Very happy with this hotel option.	
Feb 19 2007 	Excellent Location	The staff were very welcoming ang pleasent. and the concierge were very helpful. The hotel was in a very convenient location close to the People's Square Metro station and close to the shops. The decoration was modern and the rooms were clean.On the overall an average hotel for Asian standards, would stay there again.	
Jan 22 2007 	Fantastic place to stay	I have to agree with the previous reviewer! The hotel was great, with the staff not being able to do enough for you. I also upgraded to a club room, which was well worth the 580 RMB per night - included breakfast, happy hour and use of a meeting room for a couple of hours.The Radisson Shanghai New World is centrally located, within walking distance of the Bund. I only ate in the hotel restaurant on the first night, which was ok. However, the staff are happy to recommend restaurants to go to, and helpfully will write the address of the location on a card for the taxis drivers.Other reviewers have recommended using the Metro - I used taxis all week, as they are so cheap. However, the Maglev train is a must - amazing to think you are going over 400km/h!Would I stay at this hotel again - definately, and I recommend that you do as well.	
Jan 15 2007	Shanghai - A whole new world!	We booked the Radisson New World hotel on the strength of the Radisson brand. As we were travelling with our 10 month old son we wanted the security of a good hotel for our stay in Shanghai and the Radisson New World was just that!We arrived via taxi from the airport (which seemed to take ages) and having checked in the bell boy took our luggage to our room. The room was nice but noisy as from early in the morning there was construction work being carried out on a site next door. We spoke to the duty manager who was happy to move us and arranged for the new room to be made up and our belongings moved.The hotel was nice and modern and once you have gotten used to the Chinese way we were very comfortable and enjoyed our stay. The pool and gym were good and we also used the virtual golf room which was about £6 for an hour (it is 10 times that in London). I was dissapointed that there was a spa in the mens but not the ladies changing room but life goes on!I had a pedicure at the beauty spa and although the spa looks amazing I was dissapointed with the pedicure ... poor choice of colours which were cheap brands and not what I would call a pedicure - I could have done better myself. I was probably just unlucky with my therapist ....On one night we ate room service and the food was great, we also ate in the chinese restaurant in the hotel where the food was very good and the rotating restaurant where the choice was fantastic and you got to see the city as you ate. We did have a few hiccups with the service (brought the wrong meal and the wrong desert to my other half) but they were very apologetic and tried to make up for it so it was no big deal.Breakfast in the windows restaurant was an odd affair ... as breakfast was not included we only ate there once during our stay but the service was slow and there was a language barrier. It was very expensive for what it was so if breakfast is not included in your stay I'd look elsewhere. We mainly bought fruit and paistries from the Bread shop which were fantastic and cost next to nothing.If you are in China with a baby be prepeared for lots of attention - we were followed around and watched for our entire stay which did get a bit tiring toward the end.All in all, Shanghai was an amazing experince and the Radisson was a big part of that for us, the hotel is in a great location, the concierge were fantastic and really made our stay enjoyable and stress free. I'd definately stay there again.	
Jan 8 2007 	A lesson in excellence	Having thoroughly researched the hotels of Shanghai I reserved a room in the Radisson New World for the following reasons.1. Most reviewers recommended staying on the Puxi side of the river.2. The Radisson is located on Peoples Square which is a fantastic base to explore the city by metro which is the quickest and cheapest way to move round the city.3. Fantastic value working at around £100 per night for a club deluxe room which included a fantastic breakfast in the club lounge, complimentary drinks and canapes between 5.30 and 7.30 pm and a separate check in facility on the 35th floor.On arrival ,contrary to some reports, we found all the staff very friendly and helpful. The room was fantastic with a separate office and plasma tv, stunnning bathroom with a huge walk in shower and corner tub. The room had a corner location on the 32nd floor which gave us stunning views from the bedroom across Peoples square and from the office across to Pudong and the Orient Pearl TV Tower.Breakfast was excellent with a range of western and asian food. Served in the club lounge we frequently found that we had the lounge to ourselves which meant we were out numbered by the staff which resulted in a fantastic service.We used the pool and again found that we had it to ourselves. The male changing rooms also had a separate spa bath and steam room as well as sauna.Bizarrely and to my wife`s annoyance the female changing rooms didn`t have a spa. The bedoom was very well equipped and as well as having beautiful views it also featured a large comfortable bed. There was a turn down service with a beautiful chocolate on our bed each night along with a delightful flower in the roomWe used both the restaurant and the room service which were very good and the food was both tasty and relatively good value.You could also eat in the rotating restaurant although we felt it was a bit too pricey. We also visited the sky dome bar which is located within the UFO that sits aloft the Radisson Tower. A distinctive landmark on the Shanghai skyline , the bar was relatively good value and provided a great view of the city. Overall a fantastic experience and following the recommendation of a TA reviewer I too would suggest upgrading to the Club Rooms.Finally I would suggest arriving from the Airport by the Maglev Train. Travelling in at 300km per hour on the fastest train in the world is an awesome experience. The 30km journey takes just 8 minutes. On arrival you have to change at the adjacent longyang Road metro station to get the metro line 2 into Peoples Square where the Raddison is located. Not straightforward but well worth it in my opinion	
Jan 3 2007 	Beware!	I appreciate that our experience may not be representative of this hotel - but our stay could have hardly been any worse here. We stayed in a family suite (for 4 people) for 2 nights in this hotel. The smell in the room was beyond description. Adding to that was that there was no way to get any fresh air into the room (windows won't open) and the air / con was constantly heating the room up irrespective of what setting you set it to. Various engineers, etc had a go in fixing it to no avail. To be fair to the hotel, they did offer to move us, but it would have been to different type of rooms and we (naively and mistakenly) assumed that the engineers would be capable of fixing the problem. Clearly, this may have been a one-off, although a similar smell could be felt in other parts of the hotel. On a more positive side, the location is very good for the museum and other sites in Remnin Square and the French Concession and the food (as well as the view) at the revolving restaurant on the 47th floor was very good.	
Dec 4 2006 	Customer Service - Where are you?	This hotel has the best location available and provides a magnificent view. Unfortunately, it lets itself down through a total lack of customer service.We were totally disappointed with the lack of welcome we received after arriving at the hotel. (FYI my husband and I travel globally for work and we spend several hundred nights a year in many different hotels. We remember those that provide excellent customer service and unfortunately we really remember those hotels that lacked customer service). We had travelled 16 hrs and on arrival were told we need to wait 1hr for our double bedroom that we had booked (alternative to take single beds). Then we were advised to come back to reception in 1hr. The reception staff tried to hold a deposit for approximately 4900 Euro for our 12 night stay - and they wanted to charge us a rate that differed from the rate on our booking confirmation. We then had to open our laptops to PROVE the rate at which we had booked. They then advised again that we should come back in 1hr and they specified that they would not come to us to advise us when the room is ready. At the very least I would have expected a welcome drink to compensate for the delay and a message that &quot;please kindly wait in that bar area and we will let you know when the room is ready&quot;. There was zero introduction to the facilities of the hotel - we have never stayed in this particular hotel before and the staff did not tell us anything about their hotel. There was no mention of any details - not even where to find food or the correct lift (there are several different towers). So we had to look up all information ourselves. They could have advised the location of dining areas, breakfast times, gym and spa facilities, which is typical at any hotel we usually stay at. We waited for 1 hour in the bar area next to reception. Nobody approached us to take an order so we sat there cold and tired with no drinks. There were staff walking past us but they did not acknowledge us at all. Terrible. After an hour I started to cough as it was really very cold - so we approached reception who said the room was prepared (they had walked past us and not told us). We tried several elevators and finally had to go and ask someone which one to use - it would have been courteous for the staff to have told us when they gave us the keys. So in general, we have had a very disappointing introduction to the hotel - this is a pity as we were very excited about staying there.  We contemplated searching for another hotel where perhaps they would be more welcoming (as we were scheduled to stay for 12 days and nobody wants to pay for a place where will will feel unwelcome for 12 days). After sending a complain email via the free in-room internet (only big plus other than great location), the Duty Manager called our room to say sorry. She upgraded our room to a higher floor and offered us a complimentary drive back to the airport, which was a nice gesture however we are taking the high-speed train back to the airport.We thought that things would then improve and went to dinner on level 3. At first I was impressed by the good service however this suddenly vanished when the staff's shifts ended. They stood around and stared at us (it was 9.50pm) and finally declared that they wanted to close up soon so said that we must pay now and finish up our meals. They continued to stare. We were horrified. After more demonstrations of trying to shove us out, I finally said &quot;Listen - I cannot eat my meal with you all staring at me and asking me to rush&quot;. We had barely been three for 30 minutes at this stage.The next morning at breakfast, I arrive at 10.10am (it finishes at 10.30am). The hostess asked me if I was &quot;sure&quot; I wanted to eat given that they were closing the buffet in 20 minutes. I really have to ask if this hotel wants to have cutsomers or not. If we are really such an inconvenience, perhaps they should shut down and find a job they really like.Although the location was perfect, the terribly unwelcoming customer service has ruined it for me and I will not be staying here again.	
Nov 29 2006 	How could there be a better hotel in Shanghai??	We just came back from seven nights at this hotel and can't say enough wonderful things about it. Splurge on a Deluxe Room (still only $200) and enjoy the separate office, huge king size BR, and huge bath with separate tub and shower. The location right on People's Square, across from the subway, in the heart of Nanjing Rd. can't be beat. The service was top notch, particularly from the concierge staff - very helpful and enthusiastic. The hotel is lovely - check out the gorgeous indoor pool, work out facility, spa, and revolving restaurant on the 45th floor with the best views of Shanghai. Our room came with b'fast each morning - a huge buffet spread on the 2nd floor. We loved every minute of our stay here and can't wait to go back next year.	
Nov 24 2006 	Disappoinment	Usually TA reviews are spot on but to say this is a No1 hotel in Shanghai is misleading. Stayed 6 nights, fortunately spendingminimal time there as on business. The lobby is an empty expanse with the concierge squashed into a corner, a certain kind of lady hanging around the edges and a busy bar with insufficient seating. My suite had a generous bath and shower but no central light which made the room dingy.The Deluxe rooms had more bedroom area and better lighting. My room stank and needed airing, broken lightbulb and the air con only works at one temp.The top floor bar is a 70s throwback with a heavy (the manager) prowling around.Very good location.The doormen were fantastic at getting cabs on rainy days, the concierge, poor English but very helpful. First floor restaurant a la carte food and room service good. Bit too 'Chinese' for me, if I had the budget would stay at Grand Hyatt otherwise next time will try Sofitel Hyland.	
Nov 13 2006 	Wonderfully helpful consierge	It was our first trip to Shanghai so on our first night I decided to book the Radisson New World Hotel due to the great reviews it received on this site...I have to say I was a little disappointed... Having travelled from London and not slept on the plane we were looking forward to some much needed shut eye at the hotel, however, our room was near a very noisy air conditioning duct (I think) even with our air-con off it still whined away!Having said that I have to say the room was nice and I loved the big window between the bathroom and bedroom. Also, the staff especially the concierge staff were really lovely and helpful. The concierge bought (and paid for) train tickets for the next leg of my journey all arranged via email which saved me from doing it. Other than the great concierge I thought this was quite a standard hotel and definitely not the nicest one we stayed in during our trip to China.	
Nov 4 2006 	A superb Shanghai hotel	This is a superb hotel, in the best location in Shanghai - at the beginning of Nanjing Road shopping plaza, and opposite the People's Square. It is within walking distance of the Bund, of the Pearl Tower, of the French Concession area, and a short taxi drive from the Yu Yuan Gardens (which are a tourist trap, in my humble opinion!). My son and I stayed here for three nights, and found that our room had a great view, was large, quiet, clean and functional. Despite other reviews, our dining experience here was good - if somewhat expensive for Shanghai. The rooftop bar is fun. We didn't try the pool, but that looked good too. The staff we met were all efficient and very well presented. On the last day, when none of the nearby ATMs would work, a front desk staffer accompanied me down the road to find a working ATM. We would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 31 2006 	Poor Service for convenient positioned hotel	I recently stayed at this hotel for a business trip as it was conveniently positioned very close to our Shanghai office. The hotel is a nice looking one as with most Radissons so first impressions are good.The room was comfortable with standard amenities and a bonus was free broadband connection which is quite valuable if on business. The hotel has a great bar on the top floor in the globe which can be seen for miles but as with all of the restaurants in the hotel the service is absolutely appaling. Considering this hotel isn't cheap the staff can really not be bothered to help and when they do try they aren't very good at it. The worse place is the breakfast buffet restaurant, although the selection is good the staff leave tables piled with dirty plates for most of the serving time and also getting a coffee is a nightmare. I think this attitude may be down to the norm in Asia at the moment were you have no choice but to pat 15% service charge which is automatically added...Despite this it is a good location and leisure facilities are good but I would try the Portman Carlton or Grand Hyatt first	
Oct 29 2006 	Good hotel good stay	Stayed here for 3 nights at the end of a 3 week tour around China. Was very pleased to see quality of room. Clean, modern, spacious, big bed, lovely bathroom and everything else you could want. It was also welcome to see some good food choices on the in-room dining menu at not too exhorbitant prices. View out of window from 27th floor was very impressive with a lot of neon making it look somewhat futuristic (getting like Tokyo). Consider asking for a room which faces the Bund for the best views.We didn't get a chance to go into the revolving restaurant so couldn't comment on the food but had a peek and the views looked tremendous. Bar at the top also has good views but not so sure about the cabaret singers! Overall decor was a bit over the top (gold everywhere) in the main foyer but this wasn't the case in the rooms (which were tasteful) so of no concern.As per previous posts the location is good being placed in on the Nanjing road next to People's (Remin) park and the subway station. Also just a 15-20 minute walk away to the Bund (only other place we'd consider staying). Whilst you can get a taxi to the hotel direct from Airport a better option we thought was to take the Maglev 300 km/h train and then the subway for 5 stops (very, very easy with all relevant signs clearly displayed in English). We were at hotel very quickly and enjoyed the fastest train ride in the world!Only complaints was usual complications of China of lack of English speakers (of course expected in China, just not in an expensive international hotel) at times. Also hotel advertises in their in room service listing that they can arrange a doctor but when we tried to arrange this they called and said actually not possible as 'no-one offers this service'. We complained about this as it was advertised in their own literature and it took some time until we saw some &quot;if you're not happy let us put it right or you won't pay&quot; service (this was the motto, apparently...). Sure this won't affect most people but it's time like when you are ill or another problem event you like to rely on a large, reliable hotel name to help you.Ignoring the niggles we really enjoyed our stay and would probably go again.	
Oct 26 2006	Very good hotel	No complaints about the Radisson New World. Not sure but I think we were upgraded to a bigger room. We reserved the standard room, but if the room we stayed in was standard, then it's an amazing deal. The room has a separate &quot;front&quot; area and the bathroom was really nice.Location of the hotel was excellent. However, I would try another hotel on Nanjing Road West the next time as that area seems more upscale and fun than the Radisson. From the map that area looked remote but I think it's closer to the better restaurants and nightlife.Hotel has excellent services and their pool/spa area is good. The gym is limited to cardio equipment - not much weight stuff. There's a food court in the mall next to the hotel. There's a bakery that has Macao style egg custard that is amazing (for $3RMB!!!). Overall, it's really good value for what you get. If you want to spend more, I would stay at the Four Seasons/Ritz Carlton area or even the Hilton around the Jingan Temple area.	
Oct 24 2006 	Excellent location - great hotel	The great thing about the Radisson New World is its location. Its at one end of the Nanjing Road - one of the main commercial streets in Shanghai. Its a 10-15 minute walk to the Bund, which is great. You're also on two tube lines, which is ideal for shooting around the city - and means you can very easily get to the hotel from the airport by way of public transport (Maglev train, tube, 2 minute walk - very quick). We had a fine stay - the hotel staff were able to check us in as soon as we arrived (despite it being 8am in the morning) which was just what we needed after a long flight. The room was smart, the bed comfy, and the shower excellent. Oh, and the sky-dome bar at the top of the hotel does good cocktails. Highly recommended.	
Oct 7 2006 	Very central	We stayed at the Radisson New World in Shanghai for 2 nights on our honeymoon. The rooms were very nice, plenty of space with a nice bathroom. The concierge was very helpful in getting us tickets to see The Lion King at the Shanghai Grand Theatre.The hotel is in the direct centre of the Puxi (west side of the city). It is directly across from Renmin Peoples park (there is a subway stop about 50m from the hotel), and just off the corner from Nanjing Lu walking street. It's about a 15 minute walk along Nanjing Lu to the Bund (river shore). The hotel staff spoke very good English and were able to recommend places to go. We had dinner in the hotel one night which was priced to match western budgets, about what I'd expect to pay in a normal restaurant. Just a small warning, I made the mistake of having Perrier bottled water instead of normal bottled water, which ended up costing me $15 Australian for 2 small bottles.There's a revolving restaurant on the 44th floor with great views out over the city and the park, and on the 45th floor (top) there is a glass domed bar, which is great for a late night drink and has a very relaxed feel.The hotel was excellent, especially with the cheap rate directly from the radisson website. If you are looking for something in the centre then this would be the place.	
Oct 4 2006 	Excellent hotel in excellent location	We stayed here 19/20 Sept 2006. The location is outstanding - 15 minutes walk to the Bund via a lively shopping area, and right opposite the metro station for an easy ride beneath the river to the TV tower etc. The hotel itself was really comfortable. We requested a room on a high floor, and on arrival were upgraded to a club room (but without the club loung access). It had a terrific view - worth requesting a high floor looking towards the Bund or the Shopping area. We also ate one night in the revolving restaurant at the top of the hotel because it had some vegetarian options. We had an excellent dinner (black lentil curry recommended for any Vegetarians) and some very cold beer and a great view of Shanghai - and although expensive for China, it was a reasonable price meal. The room price was very good and I think the location is unbeatable so can highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 28 2006	Much to be improved	Good location. But the rooms are rather small. The front desk staff including the on-duty managers showed little interest in helping, and were not as friendly as you would expect from a decent-class international-chain hotel. To our surprise, they were not really aware of loyalty programs associated with Radisson. We will definitely choose another hotel next time, as there are a plenty of them with good locations in Shanghai.	
Sep 25 2006 	Only for location	We stayed at this hotel from Sept 20-24. It was a let down compared to our stay at the Grand Hyatt in Beijing. The only thing I liked about this hotel was its location, as it was right on Nanjing road and next to its pedestrian section. We stayed on the club floor. The check in at the club level was very slow as the staff did not appear experienced. We booked dinner reservation through the club concierge to eat at Epicure 45 (extremely overpriced, poor food quality and service), their restaurant on the top floor. We asked for a table by the window, were told all the tables were by the window. When we showed up, we were told there was no table by the window for us and would have to wait about 1 hour. It was very difficult trying to communicate with the staff as they were not fluent in English. We ate breakfast at Window on the Park, asked for a table in the non-smoking section and were placed, of course, at the smoking section. The value for the club is only worth it as it gets you a room on a high floor. Ours was on the 32nd floor and we can still hear the noise from the street. As well, our room faced the park and there is a construction site going on. The hallway leading to our room had a very strong smell as well -something similar to what you smell in an old place in Europe ( old wood?). The lobby was very tacky as well. The room was standard although the bathroom was very big. The pool was OK and the whirlpool was colder than the pool. I will not give this hotel more than 3 stars. If you don't mind being a little bit away from the center of the action, you'll get more value for your money by staying at the 4 Seasons, the JW Marriott (very close to the Radisson by the way)or even at the Grand Hyatt in Pudong just for the experience. I will not stay at the Radisson in Shanghai again.	
Sep 7 2006	Great Location	The location of this hotel is probably its strongest point. Staff at reception still need to master the art of customer care and realise that it isn't a crime to smile. By contrast, the concierge staff was very friendly and helpful.A useful tip is that at the rear of the hotel, there is a small store called Lawsons that sells bottled water, beer, pepsi etc. at very reasonable prices. It really was a handy place to know about.Because the hotel has been squeezed into such a small gap, it isn't the prettiest place you will ever stay in, the lobby in particular is very uninspiring. Also it wasn't cheap but like I said, its location means that most tourist sights are not very far away.	
Aug 22 2006	Lived up to iits ranking	We chose this hotel for a three-night stop on our way back from London to Melbourne. We did so on the basis that it was ranked no 1 on the Tripadviser list of Shanghai hotels. It fully justified this ranking and was excellent in every way.	
Aug 21 2006 	Good hotel but very tacky! No Style.	Firstly let me preface my review by saying there is nothing ‘wrong’ with the hotel. Its new, clean and the staff are very friendly. The rooms are also great, albeit your stock standard 5 star hotel room found in most Radissons around the world. However…. I was a little surprised when I arrived at the hotel. I booked it specifically based on the recommendations on this site. Firstly the lobby is ghastly. Its just outright ugly with masses of beige marble and gold. If I ever were to be invited to Donatella Versace’s home this is how I picture it to be. This is fine if that’s what you’re into but I am not. I found the lobby to smell a bit as well. I am not sure if it’s the chlorine in the water fountain next to the small bar there or the general cleaning products that they use but that was a bit off putting to walk into that smell. I did go up to the restaurant on the 45th floor to take a look. Great view although I think the ‘revolving restaurant’ idea was a bit more popular about 20 years ago. We didn’t eat there though as I am always wary of a place that serves something for everyone but specialises in nothing. Japanese, Chinese, European and Indian were the four on the menu that I can remember, all in the same restaurant. The rooms themselves are fine and I cannot fault them.The other thing I didn’t like was the location. Personally I thought the road down to the Bund was horrific. A tacky mall void of any soul or decent restaurants. Actually generally the whole area where the hotel is was pretty poor I thought apart from the museum etc. Personally next time I would stick to the French Quarter, Jingan or south of the French Quarter which I believe are closer to better shopping and bars and restaurants. Again please don’t get upset that I found the hotel tacky. As I said the hotel was generally fine but I am just warning others who may like their hotels to have some style. Oh and if you are into style check out places like ‘Yongfoo Elite’, ‘People 7’, ‘Yaris’, ‘T8’, ‘Glamour Bar’, and ‘Jean Georges’.	
Aug 18 2006 	perfect stay	I stayed in the Radisson new world hotel for three nights in the middle of August. I did have a &quot;1 King Bed Non Smoking  Club Deluxe Room-Sitting area-39sqm&quot; which is part of the Radisson club and located on the top floors.The service was perfect. The staff of the club lounge took care of every request and could solve all of them. The room was very nice, spacious and clean. Swimming pool is good to relax and cool of in the hot summer days. Spa offers good relaxing service.The location is perfect in the city centre with goo views to the bund. (rooms from 01, 02, 13 and 14 have the best direction to the bund. The others are looking out in the other ways of the round tower.) Subway and people's place is direct in front of the hotel. And the night life places are also close, which means you don't need a long taxi ride to get back for sleep.I have tryed various other hotels in Shanghai before but this is the best until now and for sure my choice on the next stay.	
Aug 12 2006 	Great Stay	We stayed here from July 23 to 25. This was the last leg of our trip to China, so we thought we'd spoil ourselves by staying here. We weren't disappointed. Check-in was easy as all the front staff spoke english. We booked a Deluxe Room. These rooms have a corner suite entrance that holds the writing desk, bar fridge, and an LCD TV. The bedroom has a regular TV. The bathrooms are very nice as they have separate shower and bath. Room is nicely decorated, fully equipped and the bed was very soft.Renmin Park is just across from the hotel, which marks the west end of the the pedestrian-only zone.The hotel is connected to the the New World Mall, which houses a Sega Entertainment Center and a Madame Tussaud Wax Museum.I never tried any of the restaurants in the hotel, as it seemed a little pricey, but there are dozens of places to eat nearby that are greatThe hotel is near the Renmin Metro Station, which made it easy to get to the Maglev station to take to Pudong Airport. This is supposed to be the fastest train in the world. I watched it clock at 425km/hr at it's top speed, and it only took 6-7 minutes to get from the Maglev station to the airport. Overall, the hotel was very nice, and the price was good at the time I booked it. But since the hotel has hit it's one year anniversary, I think the price may start going higher now.	
Aug 7 2006	Pretty good hotel	I spent 4 nights at the Radisson New World in July 2006 and I had a very pleasant experience.The Radisson is centrally located (Nanjing Rd. opposite to Renmin Square) and has an undergroud station deserved by the two main lines just in front of it. Rooms are spatious and clean, the staff speaks English fluently and they are helpful most times, although we found a lost cellphone and gave it to one of the receptionists to locate the owner and we never found out what happened with the phone, no matter whom we asked about it.The price is reasonable (especially if you consider location and additional services - swimming pool, gym, etc.-), but it is not cheap for Chinese standards. Room service, massage and the restaurant were absurdely expensive for China, not just compared to street prices, but also compared to similar category hotels in Beijing. There are several restaurants near the hotel and there is a convenience store and a massage salon just behind it (with prices 3-4 times cheaper than the hotel).	
Aug 2 2006 	Exceeded expectations	Booked this hotel based on trip advisor reviews and was not disappointed. Hotel has a great location in the center of nanjing road. Hotel is new and well decorated. Marble and crystal chandelier dominate the lobby. Reasonably priced for this high category hotel.We had a 2 room suite with a separate office area. Perks included free high speed internet, marble bathroom, 2 televisions. Television in office area was a flat screen type. Only downside was average hotel food although we did not try all of the restaurants. All in all very pleased with this hotel choice.	
Jul 31 2006	Perfect Hotel with top notch service	My wife and I stayed at the Radisson Hotel New World Shanghai (not to be confused with the other Shanghai Radisson) from July 26th to July 30th, 2006 and thought our stay was perfect. So if you are new to Shanghai, need a business hotel, or are unclear as to where to stay - stay here as it offers a tremendous location, impeccable service, and fantastic views.I do quite a lot corporate and personal travel and was originally put off by this hotel since I was a bit snobby about procuring the a better &quot;brand name&quot; hotel (even after reading the online reviews on Trip Advisior.com). Yet, I have to admit it the Radisson Shanghai has probably the best service I have ever experienced. I paid approximately $215/night + tax for a &quot;deluxe room&quot; (number 3401) that offered a downtown view to the Bund and Peal tower, complementary Asian and western breakfast with fresh local fruit, guava juice etc, evening appetizers with fresh sashimi salmon and caviar, mixed drinks (great gin and tonic) and use of the pool area. The view of our room and amenities in it were quite spectacular considering the price we paid. Our room was perfect complete with floor to ceiling windows, river/Bund view, quiet, king size bed, complementary chocolates. We had a separate office suite with desk, view and flat screen TV. The bathroom was very nice with separate shower, tub, toilet and good counter space to hold your amenities (my wife loved the bath as it had Bund views). If you swim, the hotel had quite 20 meter amazing pool and an outdoor deck where you can enjoy a view of Peoples Park (aka Shanghai’s Central park New York). There was also a sauna, steam room and men’s Jacuzzi.The hotel location offered walking access to Nanjing road (neon signed shopping), French concession (high end shopping), People’s Park, Bund, Opera house (currently Lion King is playing) and the Shanghai art museum (very nice actually).In summary, this hotel made our stay in Shanghai very enjoyable, and we wished we could move to the hotel permanently!	
Jul 30 2006	Best hotel we stayed in in China!	My daughter and I stayed here for two nights recently - booked the day before on the hotel website. We were upgraded on arrival to an executive room with superb facilities - separate working/sitting area with plasma TV, twin bedroom, not overlarge, but well-equipped and unusually comfortable beds- and, best of all for two weary female travellers, a wonderful bathroom! The bath was huge and deep, the shower was just enormous!! The hotel is new, so all furnishings and fitments were immaculate. The only downside was that our room was at the back of the hotel overlooking a large construction site, but there was little noise distrubance - and we were so tired we slept like logs anyway! I mentioned this slight noise disturbance in my comments form on departure, and was impressed to get a personal email reply and apology from the Manager when I got home.(The construction isnt his fault!)The decor of the main hotel areas was a bit too glitzy for our personal taste - polished gold etc! But everywhere was immaculately clean, staff were always helpful and the restaurant and other facilities were first class. I thought it superb value for money.I chose the hotel, as usual, from tripadvisor recommendations, mainly for the location. We were two women travelling independently in China, Shanghai was our last stop, and I wanted a convenient location, and some comfort. This was exactly what we got. The hotel overlooks Renmin Square, a pleasant green park and a real oasis of calm in a very hot, humid, hectic city! Shanghai Museum is a five minute walk away through the park; a wonderful museum, not too large, that will give you an overview of Chinese history and culture in less than two hours! (Note that last tickets for entry are at 4pm)There is also a good modern art museum at the edge of the park (turn right out of the hotel). At the top of this is Kathy5, a good , inexpensive restaurant with a European menu; and, best of all, it has an outdoor terrace overlooking the park. Good for lunch or dinner.The hotel has a direct entry into the New World department store next door, and is at the end of the pedestrian part of the Nanjing Road, if you want shopping - though we preferred the smaller shops in the French Concession area. The subway stop is right in front of the hotel (Renmin Square, exit 8); we used this to get around, but also took taxis as they were so cheap.On the last evening we took a one hour cruise on the river from the Bund - it worked out that we had by chance timed it that we started out in daylight and by the time we returned the sun had set and all the amazing lights were on in the buildings on the Bund and the skyscrapers- highly recommended. We ended up with a cocktail or two in the Cloud 9 bar on the 87th floor of the Hyatt hotel in the Jinmao tower - looking down on these tiny specks of buildings we had been looking up at before - amazing!To get to the airport we wanted to use the Maglev and could have used the subway to get there, but by then were laden down with shopping, so got a taxi to the Maglev station. It would possibly have been more convenient to get a taxi all the way to the airport, but the Maglev was an experience - all 7 minutes of it!Shanghai was fascinating, so different from places like Beijing and Xian and the countryside we travelled in, where we kept getting our photos taken as there were so few European faces around! I'd love to see more of it - but not in July when it was far too hot and humid. And I'd definitely stay at the Radisson- though I think the secret is out now that it's a fantastic choice for tourists or businessmen alike!!! It may not be so easy to book in the future!	
Jun 21 2006	Amazing but watch out for the massage	The hotel is fantastic! Room, food, location, staff, pool, everything is perfect. But we had some problems at the SPA. We went for a massage and staff there kept pushing us the expensiver one, although we said we wanted to do chinese massage. This during the massage, every ten minutes... To my husband they offered some other &quot;services&quot;. But anyway we've reported this to the manager, he apologized and did not charge us anything.Hint: have a dinner on the 45th floor, food and view are great!	
Jun 11 2006 	Superb .. in every respect!		
May 30 2006	I loved the Radisson		
May 28 2006 	Stay at this hotel!		
May 25 2006	Exceptional Services Ideal Loaction for the frist time visitors.		
Mar 28 2006	Very pleased		
Mar 16 2006	Top Hotel in a Great Location		
Dec 9 2005	Very nice stay		
Nov 8 2005	A Serperb Hotel		
Oct 31 2005 	Pleasant stay at the Radisson New World		
Oct 24 2005	Nice hotel in a fab location		
Oct 28 2009 	??????????		
Oct 24 2009 	?????????		
Sep 27 2009 	?????????????????		
Aug 18 2009 	??????????????		
Aug 17 2009 	?????????		
Aug 15 2009 	????????????		
Aug 12 2009 	??????????????		
May 12 2009 	Impeccable!		
Mar 29 2009 	????????		
Feb 5 2009 	????????????		
Jan 17 2009 	?????????		
Dec 30 2008	Maravillos		
Oct 30 2008 	?????????		
Oct 6 2008 	???????????		
May 26 2008 	Le plus bel hôtel		
Dec 19 2006 	Albergo eccellente centrale comodissimo		
