Oct 18 2009 	Great hotel for short/long term stay	Stayed at the Eversunshine hotel for 10 days during my business trip in October. We stayed on the 13th floor Duplex apartment and i will stay there again when next time in Shanghai.Rooms were very clean and all furniture and equipment was brand new. Bathroom was a highlight for me, especially the shower. On the main floor we had a fridge and stove and microwave. Neither of those got used during the stay, although i did store some fruits which were purchased in at the fruit stand around the hotel (next to Domino's Pizza ). Our room didn't include internet access so had to pay 40RMB ($6) extra per day for it.I think the hotel has a great location in Pudong area. You have a bank right in the building (another one across the road), several restaurants within couple minutes walking (there is a good one across the road in the building that says TF COFFEE), forgot the name of it, but great food and prices are very fair. Subway is not to far, about 12 minutes walking to Line 4 subway or 15 min walk to Line 2. Only problem i had with hotel is having taxi drivers find it, i always had to give directions (or more like point my way, since i haven't met a single cab driver who spoke English)	
Oct 9 2009 	Better for long term stays than for one or two nights.	This is a hotel meant for someone that probably needs a place to stay for more than a few nights. If you're a tourist, then you're better off on the other side of the river where most all of the touristy sights are.The rooms have two floors, with a very steep slippery staircase to the bathroom and bedroom on the second floor. The staff at the desk are NOT very attentive or courteous communicating with the guests.On the other side of the coin, the rooms are clean, new, and nice, and there are coffee shops, restaurants, and large shopping malls (Times Square) within a few minutes on foot. The buffet breakfast was decent enough. Given the alternatives for a quick stay in Pudong the price, room, and amenities were satisfactory.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great Hotel with good outlook	Great Hotel with good outlook over Pudong. Duplex Suites with bedroom and bathroom upstairs. Free internet in Business Centre. Lovely breakfasts included with great selection. Nice kitchenette but no utensils to cook/prepare any foods. I had a knife sent up to the room for which I had to sign a docket to either return before departure or be charged for it. Good location - only 5-10 minute walk to main shopping area, 15 minutes to Subway. Close to City (only about 20.00-25.00 RMB to the City in a Taxi). Friendly staff. We had a great view looking over the Pudong area towards the Shopping area and the Towers.	
Jun 29 2009 	Value for money	Stayed at the suite room,with 2 big n a small room.Lounge.Very neat n comfortable.Buffet breakfast provided.Surrounding shops at this area had been given a facelift probably becos of the coming EXPO.Really recommend this hotel for value customers.	
Mar 31 2009 	Nice hotel in the Pu Dong Area	I stayed at Shanghai Ever Sunshine Hotel for four nights and found it very good. The suites are two floors with the bedrooms at the second floor. Nice friendly staff, The only little problem with this hotel is the location. It's a little bit off and you have to walk for about 15.-20 minutes to the nearest metrostation. But as taxi is very cheap in Shanghai you can get a taxi insted!	
