Aug 13 2009 	ok but nothing special	We stayed here at the end of a tour around China arriving in the early hours after being delayed due to the weather. At check in the staff were rather uncommunicative and after giving us our room didn't even point us in the direction of the lift let alone assist us with where to find our room or help us with our luggage. Rooms were clean and adequately equipped but nothing to write home about and more like a fairly low quality 3* hotel than the 4* it is advertised as. Breakfast was ok with a reasonable range of options but not of a comparable standard to other 4* hotels I have stayed in across Asia.Fine for a night or two as a base in Shanghai but i am sure there are better options around.	
Jul 16 2009 	Ok rooms location not that great	Stayed for 2 nights. Rooms were not that big. Small bathroom. Overall ok, but I think that you could find better, closer to sightseeing and shopping.Breakfast was not too good. Not much of an option, so the second day we had breakfast elsewhere.Try the HAPPY FEET massage/reflexology clinic in the alley next to the supermarket.	
Jan 13 2008	A Vast Improvement...	I have stayed at dozens of different hotels in Shanghai and across China, and have stayed at The Shanghai Hotel several times over the past few years.Before the hotel had some irritations for me - minor, but they were there. The staff had previously seemed cold and aloof; the breakfast was mediocre and if I had a problem then the staff's English seemed to disappear.This hotel is one of several in Shanghai managed by Shanghai Jin Jiang International (Group) Company Limited, and has been for some years. Now I am personally convinced that there has been a change of management in this company, and that international management has been brought in.My reasons for saying this are twofold: one, the standard of printed English in the new hotel literature in the rooms is exemplary, the best I have ever seen in China and as far as I am concerned is wordperfect. Second, the transformation in the standard of the hotel is huge. The staff are helpful and pleasant, the duty manager especially went out of his way to help a member of my group who left a cash card in the atm at reception. The breakfast is great, and there are far fewer bored and disinterested staff shuffling about trying to find something to do.I also noticed on this visit to Shanghai that the Peace Hotel, also managed by the same group, has now been closed - not before time! I look forward to it being refurbished and reopening 'under new management'!The Shanghai Hotel has also revamped and improved its business centre, and also had signs pointing to a swiming pool (although I didn't visit this).Also, the improvements here have not resulted in a massive price hike - not yet anyway.	
Nov 18 2007	overall good hotel.	Location was not the greatest, but taxis are cheap. We tried to walk back from the Pu Dong but ended up getting a taxi.Breakfast was nice.Rooms looked a bit tired &amp; bathroom floor stained.Luggage took ages to come up &amp; when i tried to get it off the trolley myself the porters insisted on delivering it themselves.	
Oct 5 2007	Not Too Bad	I stayed at this hotel for three days with a group of high school students at the start of our China Tour. The rooms were OK, though the beds in some rooms were a little hard, it was a lottery as to whether you got a soft bed or a hard bed. I shared a triple room with two other teachers and it was very crowded, but that was to be expected. The breakfasts were quite good - we were served in the Level 1 restaurant which was nicer and less crowded than the ground floor restaurant. Staff were efficient but not overly friendly. Not all staff spoke enough English to communicate our needs but again, we got by. Some of the students ranked this their favourite hotel.	
Sep 30 2007	A great start to our China Trip	This was the start of our 2 week Page &amp; Moy trip. We were very pleasantly surprised at the standard of the hotel. Staff were very curteous and efficient. Ground floor bar and snack bar was very good (just be aware that if you order a sandwich, it comes with chips and is very filling).The most impressive thing was the breakfast - everything you could want in both western and chinese, even japanese sushi. Would certainly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 29 2007	Rooms are OK service not so brilliant	Stayed here for 3 nights in Sept 07 as part of a tour of Eastern China. The room was comfortable enough with good facilities, but the service left a lot to be desired. Staff at front of house were rather aloof, the bar was a bit of sad lonely place and the mixed drinks not very inspiring. We had a group meal in the hotel one night, and it was awful - as if they were making no effort for a bunch of tourists.	
Aug 7 2007	Very welcoming and comfotable.	I stayed in the Shanghai hotel for work purposes in February/March 2007 and I thought it was really nice. The hotel rooms are well decorated, have air conditioning and heating, tv with various channels including sky news and music channels. The hotel lobby is stunning, large and bright, and has a cosy little bar (which serves very nice red wine). I dined in the executive breakfast room most mornings which had plenty on offer (free, and buffet style including bacon, sausage, cereal, toast, coffee). It also had a beautiful view of the Shanghai skyline. I will return to Shanghai again and each time I do I will use this hotel again, I cannot fault it.	
Jul 23 2007 	A descent hotel at a descent price	The location of the hotel is not the best for a tourist on a tight schedule, though the taxi fares in Shanghai is fairly cheap, averaging RMB 17 one way within the city (RMB7.5= U.S.$1). Our friday stay was U.S.$80. Same type of hotel at tourist areas can cost at least $50 or more. The hotel is between end of 3 star to beginning of 4 star with clean beds &amp; bathroom, descently decorated room and lobby, restaurants and gift shops. Their service is pretty well rounded, from laundry service, cell phone charging to currency exchange. Most of the check in/out staffs are friendly except some of the managers standing in the lobby having a very cold look. If you stay less than 2 days in Shanghai, I recommend pay a little more and stay at Nanjing Road which is more centrally located. Otherwise, you can see a lot of local cultures as soon as you walk out of this hotel. There are local small shops, bars &amp; restaurants, convenient stores which are all of good qualities and services.	
Jul 16 2007 	Not the Best in Shanghai	My wife and l spent four nights in this Hotel, prior to embarking on a organised tour of China. I approached the Hotel a little apprehensive after viewing many comments on Trip Advisor.It was certainly not a four star Hotel as purported in the Travel Brochures, and would rate at the bottom end of three star.Be that as it may, our accomodation was clean. The location of the hotel is near the subway, but more importantly it is in a location that allows you to wander the streets and see many of the real faces of China. There are plenty of small shops nearby and a large supermarket within one km..Whilst l found the reception staff quite unpleasant, all other staff were approachable and where possible helpful. For a Hotel that has significant foreign tourism, there is indeed a lack of English language support available within the Hotel.Breakfast was indeed satisfactory, although there are two locations and there seemed continual confusion into which dining room we should attend. My tip is just be polite and direct and they will agree with you.The Laundry service here was indeed cheap and excellent.	
Jun 10 2007	Very good location	We stayed six nights at the Shagnhai Hotel on Wulumugi Bei Lu as part of our 14 days group tour of China in May from Alberta, Canada. We had a room on the 14th floor. This hotel is located in a busy district of Shanghai across from the biggest hospital in Shanghai. From our room we could hear the traffic and car honks early in the morning. The hotel rooms were small, and yet the hotel had met our travel expectations: clean room, clean bathroom, hot shower, and working air conditioning. The quality of the Western and Chinese buffet breakfast was average. The hotel is within walking distance to many local shops, an upscale mall, a subway station, and restaurants including Pizza Hut. Taxi fare is cheap in China. We took the taxi to visit the new Pudong commercial district overlooking the Bund and the Shanghai Museum. The most we paid on taxi fare was 26 RMB, which was less than $4.00 Canadian. If you like Chinese arts, culture, and history, the Shanghai Museum is a must see. The entrance fee is 20 RMB, which is less than $3.00 Canadian, a great bargain. The museum also has a great gift shop. If you are looking good local restaurants in Shanghai, visit Canglefang on #333 Changle Road for Shanghai food, Dongbeiren on Shan Shee South Road for Northern Chinese food and the waitresses will sing Chinese folk songs at your table, and Paulaner Brauhaus Shanghai at Riverside Promenade overlooking the Bund, Binjiang Dadao in Pudong for very good German cuisines, burgers, fries, and clubhouse sandwiches.	
May 7 2007 	Very short stay	The hotel was booked as part of a package deal. We were in a twin room for 2 nights. We didn't use all the hotel's facilities as we were out visiting sites most of the time. Buffet breakfasts were a great start to the days sight seeing.	
May 5 2007	OK but nothing special	We stayed 2 nights at this hotel. It is ok, but nothing special. We only paid 85$ a night, so it is a fair price for that hotel. You will enjoy Shanghai, a very nice town.Two negative things: First, we had to wait very long to get checked in, second, the internet was definately not high speed.Would come again	
Mar 6 2007	Very good hotel near Jing'An Subway stop	We stayed at this hotel 4 times in the past 6 months, and each time had a great stay. It appears to cater to Asian and European tourists and business people, so you will see almost no North Americans. The hotel rooms - at least in our experience - meet US standards. The rooms are well decorated with all the amenities, the furniture is well-styled and well-maintained (except in one room where it was pretty scratched), Cable TV works well, the mini bar is well-stocked, etc. The lobby is a bit spartan, altho there are some gift shops. You won't get any phone calls asking if you want a &quot;massage&quot; as you would at some other Chinese hotels, but you will usually see some &quot;ladies&quot; standing discreetly in the shopping arcade entrance at night. The hotel has a business services office with Internet - use it if you must, but there is an internet gaming center about a block from the Jing An subway stop that offers 1 hour of internet access for the equivalent of US$1. This hotel is conveniently located from an Italian restaurant and coffee shop called Vero Moda, a traditional tea shop called Sophie's, and a very good restaurant called A Future Perfect. If you're making reservations while you're in China, use elong.net ( a partner of Expedia) to get the best rates.	
Dec 7 2006 	OK but not great	The rooms themselves are pretty nice and the bed is very comfortable. I disagree with the previous reviewer though who said the location is good - it's about a 10mins walk and 5 stops on the subway to the Bund or over 30mins in a taxi due to the everpresent rush-hour. There are many more hotels much closer to the centre. The level of English at reception was very poor which you would not expect in a 4-star in Shanghai. The gym is a real disgrace - one treadmill, one bike and a few dumbells in the middle of a hallway outside the business centre - if queuing for everything with no A/C and a load of bored businessmen watching you is your idea of fun then this is the gym for you! Finally breakfast is pitched very much at the Asian traveller with soggy, warm toast adn undercooked eggs the choice for the westerner.	
Oct 18 2006	The Shanghai Hotel was my home for three weeks...	I stayed in the Shanghai Hotel for 19 days while visiting friends there. I enjoyed my stay there including the free American Breakfast. The location is excellent for commuting to many parts of the central city..Staff was cordial and well dressed and helpful to me. The room was clean and well maintained by our porter. I highly recommend the hotel.Ron Lewis	
Dec 10 2005	OK Accommodation but good location	Hotel is really old but location is good. Neighborhood has all that you need. The only &quot;ding&quot; in our room is that the shower [--] - water is REALLY weak. Other than that, clean and comfy hotel. We paid about US$80 per night and was told that it's a good deal for the quality and location.	
Oct 6 2005	Loved Shanghai	We stayed at the Shanghai hotel for 3 nights at the start of our tour with Page &amp; Moy. The hotel staff were numerous and friendly and the only problem, if you could call it that, was when we came to change travellers cheques. The hotel has a policy of ringing the bank to clear acceptance of travellers cheques and on 2 occasions it took about 20 minutes to do this even though they were Thomas Cook cheques and we had our passports with us. Obviously they have been stung by fakes in the past but we wished we had just taken cash with us instead of cheques as recommended by the tour company. This was the only hotel where this happened - elsewhere no problem. The rooms were large and clean. The furnishings had seen better days but were acceptable. The location is not that far from city centre but taxi needed to get there as crossing roads is an impossibility with thousands of bikes, mopeds and 4 lanes of cars in each direction. There was a lovely Italian restaurant about 200 yards away which made a nice contrast to Chinese food twice a day! The restaurant tended to be crowded at breakfast time as many people with tour companies leaving early on days out. There was a good selection of western items at breakfast including egg, bacon, toast, fruit, fruit juice, cereals and yoghurt. Do not miss Shanghai at night and the 'tunnel' ride under the river - Fantastic!! A real highlight.	
Nov 3 2009 	Hotel correcto		
Oct 31 2009 	??????????????????		
Aug 17 2009 	?????????????????????		
Jul 7 2009 	???????		
May 7 2009 	Ottimo Hotel in zona centrale al giusto prezzo		
Mar 30 2009 	?????????????????????		
Mar 15 2009 	????????		
Feb 16 2009 	??????		
Feb 5 2009 	?????????		
Sep 18 2008 	??????		
