Sep 24 2009 	Really nice	It was a great surprise when we discovered thar our 30€ bedroom was a deluxe one with King size bed and a fantastic view. It's really close to the Bund and the city center, in really wlaikng distances, not like they say in other places... I'd really reccomend it. The best hotel in our 10 days trip in China!	
Aug 27 2009 	Big average OK hotel	Entering the hotel it looks all a bit shabby, the service is OK, just what it takes, but the rooms are modern, the tab with the extra knob for drinking water is interesting and the location is great; cross the brigde and you are almost on the Bund. Have breakfast for the view not for the food; after I had seen the view I avoided it.	
Aug 22 2009 	VERY unpleasant staff	This is a very good value hotel, rooms are spacious and clean and location is excellent, yet I have rarely found such unpleasant staff in a hotel worldwide!!! They seem unable to smile and totally annoyed by questions relating to ANY topic. If you insist upon asking for information on the city, you will end up getting a tiny piece of paper with some words scrubbled in Chinese and no one will ever bother explain what they mean (you're supposed to show the piece of paper to taxi drivers, etc). All this refers to ALL employees and managers working in this hotel, both at the reception and in the businness office.Also, once you're out through the main entrance, you will systematically get harassed by people trying to take you to local markets and literally following you in the street until you get really upset and have to yell at them to leave you alone! Why isn't anyone at the hotel doing anything to keep these people away?	
Aug 11 2009 	HORRIBLE STAFF with TERRIBLE BREAKFAST and ROOM	We were here for 3 Nights and we have book a business room with double bed, at the first sight everything looks ok from outside....and then we were in the Lobby...the Staff were very impolite and couldn't speak English...the bell boy face look like if we smelled bad and very rude to us...Positive: Location is near to Nanjing Lu , can be reach by TaxiNegative:1. very rude, impolite Staff 2. the room smell strange and damp3. the breakfast is poor and please go outside to take your breakfast, you will not miss the breakfast in Hotel...and too expensive for the food and serviceAVOID THIS HOTEL!	
Jul 21 2009	Worst hotel ever stayed in	Where to start, thats the problem.The staff are ignorant and rude. I was stood waiting to check out and it took them 20 minutes to even acknowledge that i was stood in the lobby. Room service was appaling, i ordered food from there and it took almost an hour for them to send it up, by that time i was no longer hungry. And they add a tip themselves without even checking if thats okay with you.THEY ALSO CONNED ME.The staff were dishonest.I wanted to change 50GBP into chinese RMB, roughly 500yuen. And i pocketed the money thinking I could trust them. But when i went to pay for something the next day, i noticed that it was not yuen, but it was infact Taiwaneze dollars. (100 yuen=£10 100TaiwanezeD=£2) This meant that i lost £40. I then went and complained to them, and they refused to hand back a single penny. They denied everything. THIS HOTEL CANNOT BE TRUSTED!The bedding was not made, the bathroom was unclean. the wardrobe was too small to even fit hangers in it.I would not recommend this hotel to ANYONE.	
Apr 30 2009 	Luxurious room for a bargain-basement price	Several reviewers here reported on poor-quality rooms -- but my room here in April 2009 was of 4 or 5-star quality, and nearly as nice as the Park Prince in Tokyo I'd been in the previous week. The interior finish was beautiful and in perfect condition, and the linens and bedcovers were luxury quality. It may be that there are some sub-standard rooms; if you happen to get one of these, ask for better. The neighborhood right around the hotel doesn't have much happening, but it isn't far, -- an inexpensive cab ride or walk, -- from the fashionable tourist areas. For the price I thought this hotel was a very good value.	
Apr 23 2009	Price and location OK food and service poor	We came with a tour and I had tried to get a 2 night extension online 6 weeks before but they didn't respond at all after several attempts. So we decided to wait till we got there with the group. No problem getting extra nights. Room was nice no great view and of course noisy street outside - no big deal use earplugs if you want the window open for fresh air. No a/c in roomBeds hardest we had experienced in China - Hong Kong and Mexico hard! There is a security light on the inside of the door that has a mind of its own and comes on and off intermittently all night. There is no possible way to turn it off so take eye shades. The bath tub is deep and very slippery so one needs to be very careful. We asked for a non slip mat but they don't have them.Food was poorest of all the places we ate over 3 weeks They do not set places at the table, the coffee and tea were well stewed and disgusting. The buffet breakfast was all lukewarm even early in the morningThe staff at reception were curt and rude and not in the least bit helpful. We asked about things in the neighbourhood but they either didn't understand or didn't know.The rooms were clean and the towels good, there was a kettle and tea and drinking water tap. I have stayed in other 3 star hotels that had more helpful staff and better food.	
Mar 2 2009 	Fantastic for price paid	I was amazed at what under £20 a night can buy you. The room was of a high standard, very clean. It was a little small but they did have larger rooms. The lobby is spacious and you can get around town by taxi easily and cheaply. The service is not great, they seem to have a large desk with different sections you should use but I stood there for minutes and the staff had the heads down and I was basically ignored. I was eventually served and English was spoken by most staff. They made a mistake with my bill and double charged me but they did apologise and rectify the situation before I had even noticed it. Ignore the touts outside the hotel wanting you to go to their shops! The main shopping street is about a ten minute walk but be warned as a tourist you will get constant hassle from people selling watches, dvd etc.	
Feb 24 2009	it was tolerable	It's really cheap and not a bad cab ride. But except for cheap wares and shabby restaurants there's not much nearby. Also, the rooms are tiny with stained sheets, tiny closets (not deep enough for hangers) and a dingy bathroom. The hotel massage parlor appears to be prostitutes - I didn't check it out myself, but there was a sketchy guy in the lobby handing out cards with girls in bikinis. And the girls looked like hookers when I saw them in the hallways. Also the place smells like an ashtray and left all my clothes smelling like an ashtray. The fitness center and business center were so bad the might as well not be there at all.	
Feb 23 2009 	With this low price what can you complain about?	With this low price at RMB216 (subject to a 10% charge, totally RMB238) per night, I am very satisfied with this hotel even though it has some downsides:1. In the middle of the night, I could sometimes hear people in the next room talking and also I could hear the door bell in a neighbour room rang. I believe it not only attributes to the thinner walls, but the uncontrolled voices of people (as many local Chinese do);2. The bathroom wall facing the bedroom is made of glass with a venetian blind outside. The venetian blind cannot be totally closed up, so if you are sharing the room with non-lovers, it will be so embarrasing (luckily I travel alone this time).All other provisions are excellent: clean and large room, hot and strong shower with bath tub, slippers toothpaste toothbrush shower cap shampoo bath gel bed sheets renewed everyday (which I don't think necessary for environment saving), safe (I walked back to hotel alone after 10pm), good location of 10 minutes walk to Nanjing East Road and Metro Station, staff normal, smooth reservation via venere.com.Bonus: A drinkable water tap apart from the usual water tap on the sink, electric water pot, hair dryer, safe deposit box.Some reviewers said there are nothing in the neighbourhood besides mobile phones, electronics shops. Actually there is a small shopping mall in the north of the hotel along the Sichuan Road, about 4 minutes walk away.Shanghai is my new favour for weekends or short vacations where there is no need to make up or dress up, so you can just relax. It's full of creation and fun.Back to the hotel, it worths much more than it costs. I've just been to Paris in January. With the same provisions, it at least costs Euro 100 in Paris.	
Nov 10 2008	New Asia Was Awesome	I stayed at the New Asia with my high school on a cultural tour earlier this year. It was by far the best hotel I stayed in whilst in China. The staff were friendly, it was close to good shopping, and the breakfast was great. They do however need a larger seating area in the breakfast buffet - my friends and I usually had to sit at other peoples tables due to the lack of free ones.Otherwise, a great experiece.	
Sep 30 2008 	Just fine for $50/night	The people that dogged this hotel obviously did not think through what you get for $50/night. If you are looking for a bed that's comfy enough, a location that is central enough (especially considering taxis to most places are $2-$3), and a hotel that's clean enough for $50 a night, then the New Asia is just fine. The front desk speaks english and they were plenty helpful to me. The breakfast is even pretty decent for a couple of days at about $4.50, it just gets tiresome eating the same thing for breakfast every day. If you are high maintenance or want a 5 star hotel at a 3 star price then go elsewhere. As far as women of the night, I was approached by a man trying to sell &quot;massages&quot; at 3am one night, but that can be expected in a lot of places at 3am in Shanghai.Also, my advice to find the hotel (which was a bit difficult without a good map) is to take the Maglev, switch to the metro and get off at East Nanjing Rd-that way you don't have to switch lines. Head East on Nanjing (away from the Bund and the river) about 2 blocks then turn left (north) on Sichuan and walk about another 4-5 blocks. The hotel is just over a bridge on your left at Tiantong rd. Hope this helps.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good location	Stayed here as a family at the end of a month long trip travelling China. This hotel is fairly central - just a short walk from Nathan Road (over one bridge) and close to shopping and restaurants. The hotel is a clean, 3 star property. Nothing amazing but basic and clean. Beware of rip-off taxi drivers if you get them from the front door - we had one not put on the metre and overcharge us to take us out to an acrobats show.	
Mar 25 2008 	Avoid at all costs.......	I was on group tour with other students from Portland State University. This 'hotel', actually more of a brothel, was awful. Rooms were dirty, bathroom shower had paint peeling off the tiels, ventilation was inadequate, 'women of the night' were prowling throughout the hotel, the massage area was actually a front for a prostitution operation. This hotel is unsatisfactory for overnight stays.......many better options out there......	
Mar 14 2008 	Very Satisfied	We booked this hotel through internet and was desperate to get here because it actually had a laundry service. We had just come back from Suzhou and Hangzhou and in comparison to the hotels we stayed in those two cities, New Asia Hotel was so much nicer. I liked it from the moment we got off the cab cuz they actually had a bellboy serving us. We saw many foreigners at the lobby and felt secure at instant. The room we stayed at (545) was very nice. They had just re-furnished the room and there was a plasma TV with movie channels(you have to pay about 20-80rmb depending on which movie tho) . Their services were quite satisfying. Laundry service, mini-bar in the room, you can see the bathroom from the bedroom, its like a japanese love hotel. a high-class one. lol the furnitures are made of dark wood and they look modern and classy. The amenities are clean and descent too. We ordered some room service just for the kick of it to see if it's any good. To our surprise, the stir-fried rice was very tasty and the other dishes were yummy too. The breakfast was amazing as well. It is located quite near the bund so we are going to take a walk today but to be honest i just wanna stay in! i'm definately staying here again if i ever come back to shanghai, although it's quite unlikely considering the air pollution and the fact that shanghai people is snobby and they are always trying to rip us off because we are tourists. Highly recommend Hangzhou for a trip. It's beautiful there and the air is so much cleaner. People are very civilized and nice.	
Mar 3 2008 	Proceed with caution	I booked a room for two nights through elong.com--I think about $35/night--and chose this hotel for its good location and inexpensive rate. I wasn't expecting much. I planned to stay two nights, but actually decided to leave after one night. My room was tiny, dingy (not just a little old but also not really clean), and smelled so strongly of really acrid smoke that my bag still smelled like smoke days later. I woke up and my hair and pj's also reeked. UGH! I would suggest staying here if location + super-cheap-price are your only concerns. Also, I was traveling alone and there wasn't a deadlock or other manual lock from the inside, which creeped me out. Actually, the hotel kind of seemed like a set from a 70s horror movie (but maybe I just got creeped out and then had The Shining on my mind). EVEN SO, it didn't ruin my time in Shanghai--my new favorite city. I can't wait to return...and shell out for someplace a little nicer.	
Dec 27 2007 	Better than I expected	My friend and I booked a standard twin room for 3 nights. The quality was better than we expected at this cheap price. The room was clean and the beds were quiet comfortable. The location is quite near the city centre, Nanjing Road which we could walk there by around 15 mins. Surprisingly, there are some nice small local food shops around the hotel. FiFi, Italy	
Oct 23 2007	Very nice hotel	We stayed here for two nights as part of a group tour. We were told not to expect much but the hotel was actually very nice. It is an old hotel with art deco features inside with only 8 floors. The restaurant is on the top floor. We had a nice room overlooking the electricity cables outside, but it did not matter as we only slept there. The beds were comfortable and the room was very clean. There is a lot of dark wood everywhere so it is a bit dark.The area around the hotel is not that exciting and somehow we ended up walking around the red light district looking for somewhere to eat! The main shopping centre is about 1 km away and the Bund about 10 mins walk.The night we arrived there were three weddings on in the hotel and we could not get anything to eat which was a bit of a pain, but breakfast was very nice.Shanghai is even bigger than Beijing but more people speak English and there is a bit more Western influence in the city so it was a bit easier to go out on your own.	
Sep 30 2007 	Okay Stay at New Asia	Stayed in New Asia Hotel as part of a package tour of China. The hotel was by far the worst we stayed in during the whole trip, but still wasn't that bad. The room itself was large and clean and at least had a safe in th room. The real down side to the whole hotel was the choice of drinks in the bar. No wine and no vodka which I just couldn't believe. It forced us to get out of the hotel anyway and there is certainly choice to be had elsewhere.	
Aug 23 2007 	worst hotel with dishonest staff	i am a frequent traveller. i have stayed in many hotels but none is as worst as this. the staff are all dishonest. Beware of your belongings if you want them to clean your room or check whether they give you a fake note when changing your currency. Ban internet connection. Manager has no basic service manners. overall, i say this is the worst hotel in shangai. they dun even deserve 3 stars	
Aug 8 2007 	Nice hotel good location no problems at all	My stay here was organised through the tour company I was traveling with and I was more than happy with their choice. The room was comfortable, spacious and was nice and clean. Rooms were serviced daily, so no problems. I did stay on here for a couple of days after the tour finished and felt very safe and comfortable. I had a room on one of the higher levels and had a view looking out to city. It was lovely at night. Being on a main street, it was a little noisy but nothing overly horrible that I couldn't sleep.Breakfast was included and being a westerner in a eastern country, it was quite an experience. Luckily by the time we got to Shanghai we were used to the 'western style' breakfasts. Spam has never looked so good :-) hehehe... It's not exactly what were be used to, but it is fine to get you by. It was appreciated that they made an effort to cater for us. Hey, your in a foreign country so can't complain really.The staff were ok. I found the same attitude with every hotel we stayed at. They spoke very limited English and were abit abrupt, but I think that's just how they are. Often they would find a staff member that could speak English and help you out. We were lucky enough to have an English speaking guide traveling with us, so she was our last resort. Location - not too bad. Was about a half hour (slow) walk to the Bund. Taxi's are always at the front door to take you where ever you need to go and are quite reasonably priced. There are major retail shops just around the corner and Nanjing Road isn't far in a taxi. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel as a clean, comfortable place to stay.	
Oct 1 2006 	perfectly adequate	I booked this hotel through elong.net. I was mostly driven by price- it seems hard to get something below 300 RMB in Shanghai. We had a double room with attached bath.I thought the hotel was perfectly adequate- not the Hilton but for this price i don't expect the Hilton. Reception staff was helpful and spoke good english. we used the business center to book train tickets and to surf the web and all went well.I never eat in Hotel restaurants so cannot comment on the food there. 1 block away is a busy alley (Zhapu Lu) full of restaurants and shops and foot massage places- convenient. there are convenience stores within 50m from the hotel and we never had any problem finding a taxi.If you are looking for an affordable place to stay I surely would recommend New Asia.	
Sep 1 2006 	Fading glory in China	Located on a busy street corner, 10-15 mins walk from the tourist haven that is the Bund, The New Asia Hotel foyer is impressive. However our double room felt like it belonged to a different hotel. Definitely in need of renovation, the carpet was old and stained, the double bed was small and had seen better days, the shower took its time to heat up and the bathroom could do with some quality time with a scrubbing brush and some bleach.The staff were polite, but only as helpful as they absolutely had to be, don't expect much help with maps or suggestions of where to eat. Check out was a bit stressful with lots of people behind the desk, but only 2 people allowed to handle check out and the excessive amount of paperwork required to effect this.We stayed in their cheapest level of room and saw in the door of some rooms that seemed to be more modern than ours. Also, the room rate we got was competitive.	
Sep 1 2006 	What are you looking for?	Yes.. what are you looking for?In August, we were looking for a budget hotel, not too far from the Bund, 3/4 stars.. after having seen at a lot of hotels from a chinese web site with very good discounts, we booked this hotel for three night.The rate was 26 euro / room / night, standard room, and, in Shanghai, is a really good price. The hotel is an &quot;old style&quot; building, 15 minutes walking from Bund. We were given 8th floor room, small, queen bed, but prepared for one (I think they gave us a single room used as double). No view (in front of the hotel they were building something), but, even if small, the room was ok.. good air conditioned and clean.The only problem was a little &quot;smell&quot; of wet, which was reduced in a few hours keeping the air condition at max speed.We had a some problems with the employers: they were really rude, very poor English, and every our request seemed to annoy them. For example, I went to the receptionist asking her if she could write in chinese an address for the taxi driver.. I've been answered &quot;Give me your Passport&quot;. &quot;What?&quot; &quot;Passport&quot;. She didn't help me untill she verified I was a hotel guest.Breakfast (3 euro), was ok, nothing special, both chinese (75%) and continental (25%) but good to give you energy for the long day.The street itself is not Nanjing Road (no shops, no restaurant), but you can find everything in 10 minutes walking. We come back walking at 11:30 pm, but we felt safe and we had no problem. Anyway, remember that a taxi can take you anywere for about 1 or 2 euros (Pudong is 2,5 euro)I did not try the hotel restaurant ( I avoid them on holiday), so I cannot give my opinion.Well, if you are a budget traveller, looking for a place to sleep, safe, clean, location ok, this is the hotel for you. If you are a family, with child, or a businnes traveller, probably you should find something else (even if the deluxe rooms could be larger and more confortable).	
Jun 3 2006 	Great location cheap room rate	Right bang on Nanjing Rd Pedestrian area, so road traffic noise no real problem. Comfortable room and hotel seems to have been recently refurbished . Managed to get a great online room rate from (--). BUT beware , the very cheapest rooms have no windows!!. As we where staying a week the extra RMB60 per day was well worth it. If you have the energy you could probably bargain this down a bitCheaper rooms not overly large but adequate and we where only back in the hotel for sleep. Literally 10 -15 minutes walk to Bund, Peoples square , Shangahi museum. Did not use the hotel restaurant as so many great and cheap restaurants all around. Mojo Coffee down Nanjing Rd aways provided morning caffiene fix.Hotel staff helpful and English pretty good at reception. Note that they would not provide and iron to press clothes - you have to send out to laundry service- which was cheap and great service but not so great when I needed to iron a clean shirt for a busniess meeting!Major Hint-- - make sure you take and empty suitcase to Shanghai as YOU WILL buy stuff! If you are staying in Shanghai, you may as well stay right in the action and from RMB 300 per night the price is right!	
Jun 3 2006 	Not the best place	I have experiences with other cheap but good hotels in Shanghai but wanted to stay near the Bund this time for the fun of it. So I decided to stay at the New Asia Hotel which I found through the Trip Advisor website.This hotel is in the eastern side of Shanghai and the good things about the hotel are: (i) its not far from the Bund (ii) its not very expensive (iii) the rooms were small but clean (but mine had no view what soever.) (iv) the hotel felt quite safe.The not so good things are: (1) the immediate neighbourhood around the hotel is not very interesting or attractive (seems to have a concentration of shops selling hardware and industrial products); (2) the hotel restaurant is not great and you would have to walk a good 10 minutes or more to decent restaurants which can be a hassle if its raining coz taxis are also more difficult to come by during peak hours when it rains (isn't it like this the world over??); (3) the Hotel is dfinitely NOT within walking distance to the nicer areas of shanghai such as hengshan lu area, a leafy area which was formerly part of the French and German concession (so I was told) where most of the consulates are located and where there are lots of nice restaurants, bars etc) (4) the hotel is NOT near the business and financial area which around the Portman RitzCarlton area (could be 45 minutes by cab during peak hours) (5) it is not near the Yu Yuen and Lao Shanghai Jie and other places frequented by tourists which are further south (could be 20 minutes by cab during peak hours);(6) it is not near Xin Tian Di, a happening place for bars and such in Shanghai. The worst thing about New Asia Hotel is that you have to pay for internet access. It's one of those strange things in Shanghai that you can usually get free high speed broad band access in a cheap hotel but have to pay for it if you are staying in an expensive hotel (like the Shangri La or equivalent). Perhaps I'm the one at fault, but I've stayed in other cheap but good hotels in Shanghai and Beijing and never had to pay for broadband access so I was shocked to be told it was chargeable. Broad band access was about US$8.00 per day.As I travel to Shanghai in part for business and in part for fun, I will not staying at the New Asia Hotel again.	
Jan 22 2006 	A decent enough cheap option	I stayed here for 5 nights, leaving on the 13th of Jan. Pretty good location - only 10 mins from the Bund - decent price, v.good breakfast, though the food in the restaurant itself was below average. In fact the restaurant has no character at all. Best to get out and about for food. The facade of the hotel is being cleaned, so my room, and most others, have no view at all of the street outside. I opened the curtains in the morning to find just a tarpaulin drawn across. Didn't hear much noise from the workmen though. The cleaning will go on until mid-february, which is certainly a negative, but i think that online prices are lower than normal because of this.	
Dec 20 2005 	Nice rooms lousy food	An OK hotel with lousy breakfast. The location of the hotel and condition of the room were excellent.	
Jul 29 2005	Good hotel with great breakfast	The twin room I stayed in was fairly large, clean and in good condition. The hotel itself is close to several good shopping streets, and lots of bars and restaurants. The best bit of the hotel though is the breakfast, with a wide range of both Chinese and Western style foods.	
Nov 5 2009 	n ai pas aime		
Sep 28 2009 	????????		
Aug 20 2009	hôtel moyen		
Jul 21 2009 	??????????????		
May 10 2009 	Nos gusto mucho		
Mar 11 2009	Meiden Sie dieses Hotel		
May 18 2008 	gutes 3-Sterne Stadthotel		
