Nov 24 2009 	Wow	The most awesome hotel I've ever seen in the tallest building i've ever been in (99 floors!)	
Nov 19 2009 	Luxurious quiet and comfortable	The hotels lobby is on the 54th floor which means that the hotel begins on the 55th floor and above. Every room has exceptionally beautiful views of downtown Shanghai. The outside of the hotel reminds me of the Chrystler building in New York. The service is fenomenal. They even have people standing at the elevators so that you do not even have to puch the elevator button. The bar on the roof is awesome	
Nov 7 2009 	Disappointing	The best thing about this hotel was the view. The worst was the service.The pros were (apart from the view) the attractive well equipped rooms, Cloud 9 bar, the buffet breakfast and the pool and leisure facilities. The restaurants were also pretty good albeit the food in the grill arrived in Chinese style - the side dishes some time after the main course! The cons were the service and the cramped smokey public areas. The reception area was particularly cramped and the reception staff somewhat unfriendly and unhelpful. The bar at the bottom of the impressive internal atrium was also rather poor; it lacked any atmosphere and had a bad odour of stale smoke and old food. Unfortunately, this smell drifted up to the rooms on the lower floors. The constant noise from surrounding building works was also a detraction; whereas this was not the hotel's fault, given the prices charged for the rooms, I would have expected to have been advised about this when at the time of booking (during our stay the building works were 24 hours a day, 7 days a week) and, whilst the noise did not keep us awake, it detracted from the overall experience.All in all, an attractive hotel in a reasonable location with decent rooms but service falling far short of what I would expect of a 5 star hotel and far short of the service in the much superior Grand Hyatt in Beijing. In a word, disappointing.	
Nov 7 2009 	What a great hotel one of the worst front desk	I stayed at Grand Hyatt with my wife for 2 days.The location and the room was one of the greatest I have ever stayed.When I came to the front desk for check out,they told me that the hotel stay was not paid for the company and they had to draw the amount from mycredit card.Although I know it was paid but unfortunately forgot the voucher,I authorized them to do this action.When I was back to Turkey,I checked my documents and the action was made 2 times which was already paid by yhe company.It is really a shame for Grand Hyatt and I would like to warn the trip advisor's readers for this hotel.Please be very careful.Ali Ergen,M.D.Ankara,Turkey	
Oct 24 2009 	Grand hotel service not the best	Great location and nice hotel, but unfortunately the reception staff are not very flexible. I had a small issue with my reservation and I ended up arguing with the front desk for over 10 mins. At no time did they offer me any alternative solutions or try to accommodate me. When I tried to escalate the issue to a more senior manager, it took more time. When travelling for business, time is of utmost importantance, so to have these types of issues is unhelpful. Stay at the Shangri-la - a much better and more welcoming hotel.	
Oct 13 2009	5 star all the way incredible food incredible view incredible room!	This was the highest hotel in the world when we visited in May, standing where only 15-20 years ago, would had been rice paddies! The room was very large with beautiful wood and art thruout. The bathroom had a most interesting layout with glass wall on one side and sliding teak doors across from a WONDERFUL shower and jacuzzi tub.The bar in the room was inset across from a mirrored wall and looked and felt rich and well appointed. From the hallway/balcony you could look down to the lobby as if you were in an incredible whirlpool of art! The food was incredible- a bountiful buffet of gormet selections in a dining room offering an unsurpassed view of the city. This hotel comes highly recommended! The service was superior.	
Oct 11 2009 	Staying in the clouds	An amazing experience. The hotel lobby is on the 54th floor! Views to the city and river are great from all angles. They have a great lunch time business menu on the 54th floor. Have a drink o the 86th (or as it 88th?) floor after dark - great views.Rooms are very luxurious and the bathroom great. Try showering on the 75th floor next to window!Service was 100%	
Oct 8 2009 	Expensive luxury in one of the highest hotels in the world.	We stayed for six nights during the Total Solar Eclipse on July 22, 2009. (Sadly, the eclipse was rained out. :()We upgraded to the club level, and got a room on the 83rd floor with _stunning_ views of the Pudong river and surrounding city. Club level was an extra $120/night, but the amenities almost made it worth the cost.I'd give it an Excellent rating, but the construction in the area really made it hard to get around.Club level also gets you access to an exclusive lounge that serves an upscale continental breakfast, afternoon tea and sandwiches, and an open bar during cocktail hour. The food was an assortment of small snacks, but they were of top quality. (My girlfriend still raves about the smoked salmon she had for breakfast every day. She said it was some of the best salmon she'd ever had.)The room was of a decent size. The bed was a little hard. The 42&quot; LCD TV was nice. The bathroom was quite opulent, with both a shower, and a large tub. Maid service was invisible and efficient. All of the hotel staff was incredibly friendly and helpful.The downside is that the entire area around the hotel is all torn up with construction, in preparation for a world's fair on 2010. The access tunnel to the metro has been closed during construction, and it's a long walk to the next entrance. The riverside opposite the hotel (the Bund) is also completely torn up, further reducing the quality of the view.I would definitely recommend this hotel - especially if you can get a package price on the rooms.I think the one downside of the hotel is that it's so high up that you feel kind of isolated from the city. (It would have been perfect for the eclipse - if it hadn't been overcast. :) I think the next time we visit Shanghai, we'll get one that's closer to the pulse of this vibrant city.Oh, and I picked up a computer virus on my USB memory stick from their PC in the business center. :)	
Oct 1 2009 	worth it just for the view and the bathrooms!	was the tallest hotel in the world when we stayed there. rooms and floor to ceiling windows overlooking windows. restaurants and bars very chic. walking distance to pearl and aquarium.best bathroom EVER..	
Sep 3 2009 	Has to be one of the nicest hotels on the planet	This hotel exceeded my expectations eevery time. In all the years I have been staying here it has never been anything but amazing. I always am able to get the same suite and at almost $3000 a night it is a great value. The staff remember my name and are always very helpful. Can t go wrong with the Hyatt grand	
Aug 31 2009 	Beautiful hotel..	I was very impressed with the Grand Hyatt in Shanghai, the hotel itself is beautiful and the location is very good with breathtaking views. Drinks in the bar at the top were very enjoyable. Service, as at most of the Hyatt’s I have stayed at, was of a very high standard. Will most likely return to this hotel this October when I go back to Shanghai.	
Aug 22 2009 	Very modern but not very comfortable	The tower is very stunning. The view from the lobby's quite amazing on a clear day. The Cafe, the Piano bar or the Chinese restaurants all share this amazing view of Shanghai from high up. Just I don't like to stay there. Too much waiting, both for an elevator up to the lobby, or at the very crowded taxi stand. Too many 'outsiders' (non-residents) here and there. Changing elevators is simply troublesome. The decor's modern but too cold. The hotel staff's generally arrogant and unhelpful. It's definitely good but I expect more from a Grand Hyatt.	
Aug 16 2009 	Impressive views from an impressive hotel	Great modern rooms, great views on the city and the river, excellent service	
Aug 13 2009 	Very Solid Trendy but too cramped	My third stay here. Not sure why I keep coming back (perhaps just for the Hyatt points?). Great views when not cloudy or smogged in - so try and hit on one of those 5 days each year. As the hotel is in a tower, the common areas are quite cramped. The bar on the upper levels (85F?) is good, but they have not managed to keep the working girls out - which suprised me for a hotel of this repute. On the upside the guest rooms are great - very modern. Hard to walk anywhere from this location - so need to take a car/taxi. Overall - good for business; would not rate this for a holiday stay.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great but not as nice at the Park Hyatt next door.	Stayed one night after returning to Shanghai and before heading to Hong Kong. Very nice, clean, modern. Staff was pleasant, but not anywhere near the level of service as at the Park Hyatt we stayed at earlier in the week. The Grand Hyatt is bustling, very busy both in the evening an morning. Ate both dinner and breakfast in the lobby area restaurant. Quality was fine, but it was very active. Like being in an airport. Service in restaurant was just OK. Similar experience at check-in, not bad, just to the point.The layout of the room and the view were great. The view from the tub and shower were amazing. Decent selection of english language TV to distract me while I was using the internet connection. Very comfy bed.	
Jul 6 2009 	Standard luxury hotel - met most of my expectations	The Grand Hyatt Shanghai has now been usurped by its newer and taller sister hotel, the Park Hyatt. However, the Grand Hyatt is still a very good hotel and one of the best in Shanghai. We booked 2 rooms for a total of 4 nights. The check-in desk is on the 54th floor, and we (my family and I) were given adjoining rooms on the 77th floor. I asked if we could have a river view room, and we were upgraded without hesitation to fantastic rooms with view west towards the Bund and the Pearl Tower. Despite this, except for one waitress in the restaurant on the lobby level, the staff at the hotel did not appear to be warm and friendly, as we had experienced at our hotels in Beijing and Lijiang. The hotel is stunning with comfortable rooms and big bathrooms overlooking the city. Although the hotel is located in the newer Pudong area, access to the other side of the river is quick and easy by taxi as the hotel is located by a couple of cross-river tunnels. Taxis are also cheap and plentiful. The bar on the 90th floor is expensive and over-rated in my opinion. It felt a little cramped. Instead, I recommend the lounge at the base of the atrium on the 56th floor. There is an excellent buffet breakfast with a range of cuisines to choose from. The hotel has great views in every direction, and is very comfortable in a good location with good professional staff, even if they are a bit robotic. Nice spa and swimming pool on the 57th or 58th floor and a very good gym. The fact that it is in a stunning building high above the city with magnificent views gives it an edge over the other luxury hotels in the city. Good bathroom amenities and excellent housekeeping, concierge services etc. My only gripe is that we were charged US$8 to wrap a souvenir. The fact that I was to be charged was not made clear to me when the concierge offered to do this. On this occasion, I felt that I was being &quot;nickel &amp; dimed&quot; by the hotel. Nevertheless, I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 25 2009 	Grand Perfection	The Grand Hyatt Shanghai is a spectacular property with amazing service and extraordinary facilities. Even if the Park Hyatt (just across the street in the Shanghai World Financial Center) is aiming to surpass the Grand Hyatt, I strongly believe in many ways this particular property will remain at the top of Shanghai 5-star hotels. While the Park Hyatt has more of boutique-hotel feel (= smaller), the Grand Hyatt is, as its name states it, truely grand, with its renowned 35-story high atrium and extra classy decor.For my own stay I booked a &quot;Regency Club&quot; room which I highly suggest yo do if you are considering this hotel. Club rooms are the best : they are located between 72nd and 79th floors (my room was on the 79th) and come with plenty of perks providing a top-notch luxury experience all around. It is really worth spending this premium (approx. 100 $ / night), considering the extras that come with : free in-room internet connexion, exclusive access to the Grand Club (83rd floor), complimentary afternoon tea, evening cocktails and continental breakfast (all at the Grand Club). Take note that the evening cocktails come with plenty of tasty food, which can easily replace a dinner.Upon my arrival at the hotel, as a &quot;Club&quot; guest, I was quickly directed to a separate check-in counter located at the 83rd floor. Everything ran smoothly and my luggage was carried up to my room in the process. I need to mention that the staff at the Club floor are more than helpful and professional : they know (and remember) your name, they are always smiling and polite and speak very good english.My room itself was grand just as the rest. Was I lucky or is it just the way all Club rooms are, but mine was actually very spacious and very neat. Room furniture is both very classy and efficiently designed, with small touches everywhere to increase your comfort level (eg.: room lighting can be controlled on two consoles besides the bed). Bathrooms are remarkable to say the least.I have tried two bars at the hotel during my stay : the Patio Bar (56th floor down the atrium) and Cloud 9 (87th floor). Both were nice yet very pricey. However, I was a little puzzled to be approached twice by a &quot;massage&quot; lady offering me &quot;a lot of beautiful girls&quot; at the Cloud 9 bar. I guess it can just happens everywhere here in Shanghai ?The pool / spa facility (57th floor) is stunning and perfect in every aspect. Certainly the best hotel pool I have seen until now.Location is a minor con (which can be a plus depending on your travel style). Pudong is generally soulless and very business-oriented, giving you more of a Wall Street feel which has very little to do which the real, lively Shanghai. Or course, all the major attractions can be reached by metro from Pudong (short ride), or by cab but be ready to spend a lot a time in traffic congestion at rush hours. However, the Grand Hyatt is just a short walk away from the fantastic park that lounges the Huanpu River.All in all, Grand Hyatt really delivers and fully deserves its 5-star award.	
Jun 22 2009 	Stunning Hotel but not worth the money	Stayed for two nights at Grand Hyatt Shanghai while on business. First off, the hotel is stunning to look at and the attention you receive from the staff is unparalleled. Upon arriving at the hotel lobby on the 54th Floor you are greated with a stunning 20 feet glass view overlooking Shanghai. I stayed in the regular room and chose not to opt for the more expensive VIP floor (higher floor, internet access and breakfast buffet). The room itself was beautiful complete with glass and marble bathroom. Everything was perfect in the hotel. Now the negatives: Shanghai is hosting the World Expo in May 2010 and there is a tremendous amount of construction going on outside the hotel Although you can not hear the construction (as you are on the 60th floor), traffic is terrible. Getting to and from the hotel is a nightmare. I expect it to get better when the constructions are complete (sometime in 2010) but until then, expect to wait in traffic. Second thing, the hotel is beautiful but expect to pay for it. It is incredibly expensive for rooms, food and drinks. If cost is not an issue, then stay. But if you are cost conscious, then you can expect to pay above average for the stay. My stay at the hotel cost me about $750 USD for 2 nights. If you are willing to accept a local brand hotel and a non-prime location, I think you can find much better value for your money in Shanghai. All in all, a great experience. Would I come back? Probably not, I would find comparable properties and save a bit of money.	
Jun 20 2009 	Beautifull View	I really enjojed the Grand Hyatt in Shanghai. The room was so commodious. At night you had to think twice, wether you go to the toilet in your room, because the way was so far ;o). The service was incredible, i needed some business cards and the woman at the counter even translatet it for me in chinese. At the next morning i had my new cards with an english and a chinese side. The buffet breakfast hat a great choice and was very delicious.The view over Shanghai was very nice, because we had a nearly clear sky.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great hotel but with construction all around....	Loved this hotel. We had spacious rooms overlooking Pearl Tower with good bathrooms and toiletries and complimentary chocolates.....great buffet breakfast. Great choice and delicious. Staff very friendly. Spa/fitness ok. While the height of the building is an obvious attractions smog and concrete dust seem to spoil views most of the time. Showpiece cocktail bar lacked atmosphere and was very pricey. Walking anywhere around the outside of the hotel involves crossing building sites and dodging iron girders and incredibly you can hear drilling from the 60th floor.....	
Jun 13 2009 	Very Good	In Shanghai for only 5 days at a conference. The Hotel was excellent other than a plumbing mishap which was dealt with well. The conciege staff could not have been more helpful. The breakfast was great and the meal at the Club Jin Mao, the setting and service were great though tradiditional Shanhainese is not to my taste! Would have liked more time to explore the city and would recommend the hotel to all.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Hotel	it was great experience to stay in shanghai and with Hyatt ,it became one of the best tour i have been. It was nice to be in Hyatt with family And i am sure you will love it,with family ,friend , or with anyone. i like the way they handled costumers and their amazing service . i have no word for that two day i spend their . from me Hyatt is best hotel in shanghai.	
May 31 2009 	Small Rooms and pricy but it is the tallest hotel in the world	Worth staying here if just for the experience of staying in the tallest hotel in the world. The rooms are small with very small double beds. Their Italian restaurant I can highly recommend excellent food with a view and a price to go with it. Their canton restaurant was disappointing. The food was bland and there was no dress code, shame for such a class of restaurant. The service in this restaurant was also rather lacking, not being allowed to order our choice of food! The waiter would not allow us to order a starter and a main course that both contained chicken!	
May 24 2009 	May be my best hotel experience ever!	The Grand Hyatts I visited recently in China (Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong) combine excellent service with a relaxed, feel-at-home atmosphere that I find greatly appealing. The Shanghai property is the best of three excellent hotels. The hotel itself is stunning inside and out - especially the lounge on the 56th floor. The staff was universally terrific - friendly, attentive, professional, especially in the Business Center. They convey the sense that they really appreciated my presence and that they enjoy their work. This was an unbeatable combination for a weary business traveller. The room was comfortable, quiet, and luxurious in an understated way.	
May 11 2009 	Great View	I stayed in this hotel foe one night. From my room, I can see the river, and the beautiful city, the view is really nice at night with the lights in the city, and I was lucky enough to see a 5 minuts fireworks on the river that night.But the room is quite small, and it is bouble bed size.... the funiture is bit worn down, and the TV is the normal one, not the flat one.The foods are quite nice, I had a free breakfast the next morning.Didn't have chance to use other facilities. It seems to be the middle of the business center, so, it is close to everywhere, guess the location is good, and that is why it is expensive	
May 8 2009 	Great view	DIdn't stay in hotel but ate in Canton Restaurant on 54th floor and drunk in CLoud 9 bar on the 89th. Can't find Canton in your restaurant section. I compliment the restaurant on its excellent food, only the wok-fried prawns were a slight dis-appointment and it is very reasonably priced given the location and view. The same can be said of Cloud 9 where prices are reasonable high but not outrageous and there is not an over-use of ice in the cocktails, as experience elsewhere in Shanghai.	
Apr 28 2009 	Stylish hotel great service	Was there for conference at nearby convention center, liked the hotel for its location, style, view, and deco (combination of old chinese charm/deco, with modern furniture, and facilities), the staffs are very friendly. Great view of the city from room, lounge and restaurants. highly recommended.	
Apr 18 2009 	Fab hotel in Shanghai	been to shanghai before but never got the chance to stay here. so, when i get back last march, an opportunity arise, booked this place and stayed for 2 nights. very posh place to stay. romantic if u are staying with a partner/spouse.highly recommend this hotel for a pleasant holiday/business.	
Mar 28 2009 	Fantastic experience	One of the greatest hotels in the world.Fantastic view form our 73rd floor spacious king room. Excellent restaurants with excellent quality and variety of food. Excellent breakfast.The staff very polite helpfull and professional.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great Location	The Grand Hyatt in Shanghai is a beautiful 5 star hotel with one of the most exciting views of the city.The Jin Mao tower is worldwide famous, since the hotel has been for ages the highest hotel of the world. The rooms are spacious and the bathroom is beautful with the bathtube and the shower looking at the skyline from a huge window.The Grand Hyatt is a little bit old style hotel, at least if you compare it with the newly opened Park Hyatt Hotel just on the other side of the street, but it's still worth a visit!The service is excellent, the food average (and should be improved).You can manage discounted price in groups.	
Feb 11 2009 	An excellent experience	Stayed here for 2 nights in a queen room on the 64th floor (6411). The room was of ample size, though not extraordinarily large by any standard. With the design of the building it looks like this is probably one of the smallest rooms they have. From looking at the map on the door it looks like they have a variety of rooms of different sizes. Everything about the room was very good however I would say it is starting to show a little age. The TV is not a flat panel and overall the room had a little worn feeling to it. Still it was very clean and everything worked properly. In room internet was 5RMB a minute with a 120RMB max for the day. The service was excellent. The staff were very nice and very attentive trying to help me whenever they could. Both check-in and check-out went very smooth. I would say the only disappointment, which is certainly out of the hotel's control, was that between the fog, haze and pollution the view was really not that great. Everything seemed quite gray this time of year (February). The other thing to consider is the location on the Pudong side of town. Without much traffic it's a quick taxi ride to the Puxi side of Shanghai where most of the tourist, shopping, dining areas are. With traffic it can take quite a while. The metro station is about within walking distance and that will get you across the rive in just a few minutes. If I can get a good rate (mine was 950RMB+various service charges, taxes) then I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 17 2009 	Pleasant Stay Overall	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt Shanghai for 3 nights in Jan 2009 for a conference held at the nearby Shangri-La hotel. I'd been to the amazing 88th floor bar before, so expectations were rather high.Check-in was easy, and the cab driver new exactly where the 'Jin Mao' building in the Lujiazui district of Pudong was (don't ask for the Hyatt, there are like 4 Hyatts now in Shanghai). I and my luggage were whisked quickly up the elevator to the lobby.Check in was quick and efficient, despite there being several people waiting. From there it was a quick ride up to the room. I got one of the 'triangular' rooms, which was fine. I however, like other commentators, found it very complicated to use the infrared desk lamps, which I honestly think should be replaced with lamps with an on/off switch. The room seemed somewhat overdesigned to me, but I did think the closet that was accessible from both sides was genius. The bathroom was great, but in the middle of winter I decided to have a soak in the bath and I must say the water had a rather musty smell to it, but that may be less the fault of the hotel than of the water supply.I thought the food in the cafe was excellent. The hotel does provide the foreign papers in the evenings on request. Everything worked beautifully for me and the service, really, was quite amazing. I even got an email from a concierge yesterday telling me that I'd left a T-shirt in my room and had asked me for my address. Incredible.Departure was similarly effortless. I think for a hotel of its size it does an amazing job at personalizing the experience, and ensuring that guests do feel welcome.	
Jan 1 2009 	A Great Stay...	This was a quick trip to Shanghai...just a couple days. I had some extra points in my Gold Passport account so I decided to upgrade to a suite (paid rate for the room and then 6000 points for the upgrade) - and I am glad I did! The room itself was amazing. As a little background - we were doing this trip partially to celebrate my partner's birthday. So the suite was part of his present. I emailed the hotel concierge a couple weeks out and mentioned the trip was to celebrate a birthday. In turn, they arranged for a car to pick us up at the airport, a suite on the 82nd floor (85th is the top floor!) and, to top it all off, a birthday cake in our room for him upon arrival. VIP Services met us when the car pulled up to the door and we were taken directly to our room to check in. Check in was quick and efficient - they had everything they needed with them and just validated my credit card. They were even able to accommodate our 3pm checkout request (6pm flight) without any hassles.Room was very well appointed. They classed this as a &quot;Junior Suite&quot;. With the design of the hotel, every room is a corner room; so there are windows everywhere. As one other reviewer pointed out - at that level the views are somewhat hampered by the smog but they are still quite fabulous. We were able to overlook the river, the Park Hyatt (next door) as well as well across the river into the city. Starting from the entry way...you walk into the room to find yourself into a nice sized hallway. Not like many hotels where you feel &quot;crammed&quot; as soon as you walk into a room with closets and such. Here, you have a nice open entry with a table to place your stuff on. From there, a nice small mini-bar area with coffee maker, tea set and nicely stocked bar. You can also enter into a more private closet area just off the bathroom.The sitting room has a nice sizeable working desk, comfortable couch and flat screen TV. I measure the quality of a foreign hotel by the networks they offer - and the Hyatt gets 5 stars (CNN International, BBC, MSNBC, as well as HBO, Showtime and others). The desk had a built-in converter for our US-based plugs so we didn't have to mess with the converter we always bring with us. To top it all off - free internet (although it is not free on the lower floors). The only thing is it isn't wireless (which in this day and age seemed kind of odd to us)...but there was a cable provided in the top drawer and we were set.The bedroom was also very comfortable. The mattress was a little firm for my taste - but not bad. Once again, nice large windows and another flat screen to watch a little TV. The in-room safe is part of the TV credenza. While large enough to hold our camera, passports and wallets, it wasn't big enough to store a laptop. One each bed table there was an individual alarm clock as well as controls for the entire suite's lighting fixtures. The lighting (to me anyway) was a little difficult to grasp. We are not talking simple light switches here...everything was electronic. Each &quot;panel&quot; had an on/off switch, as well as the numbers 1, 2, and 3. Over time, I figured out 1 was bright, 2 was medium and 3 was low. Once I figured that out, it was then remembering what panel did what :)The bathroom was also quite nice. The tub was right up against the floor-to-ceiling windows (!!) but the privacy shutters (full-out wood) offered the privacy you would want. There was a separate shower with rainfall and full-body nozzles. We learned the hard way that the full-body nozzles, pointed the right way (or in this case the wrong way!) will cause water to leak out onto the tile floor. Not a big deal but just something to watch for. Finally, you have direct access to the closet area (which leads then back into the main entry). My only concern here is that it was a little dark. With all my searching I really couldn't find a light switch to make this area a little easier to see in. They offered plenty of hangers (at least a dozen!), slippers, robes and drawers.As for the staff...well, there are plenty of them! Everywhere we turned there was always someone holding open a door, pushing the elevator button, clearing our plates...one thing the Hyatt is not lacking is people. But it wasn't overwhelming. We had drinks one night in the Executive Lounge on the 83rd floor. A nice spread of alcohol and snacks. The view was of the same vantage point as our room, so we didn't see anything new from here. We had breakfast both mornings in the main restaurant off the lobby (52nd floor). While a tad on the pricey side ($30USD each) for breakfast, nonetheless the food was quite good. They had a great collection of local dishes, as well as Western food. All quite fresh...I always saw someone replacing something or refreshing one of the stations...goes back to they have plenty of staff.For Dinner, we went to the Jin Mao Club on the 86th floor. Highly recommended that you make a reservation as it can get quite busy (as we encountered) with a &quot;smart casual&quot; dress code (we went in jeans and polos and they were fine with that). The food was amazing. We had a mix of seafood and traditional Chinese dishes and everything was very tasty. The menu was a little large (2 pages, 8.5x11) and somewhat daunting. But, it also offered a very comprehensive description of what you were ordering so it helped. It offered items as exotic as shark fin to as simple as chicken. We went middle of the road with dishes containing shrimp, chicken, scallops, vegetables and rice. Everything was served in traditional Chinese &quot;family style&quot; so you didn't have to reach over and grab something off someone else's plate just to try it! And while the table is set with chopsticks, the staff will bring you a fork if you ask :) The price point for two people topped a little over $100USD without alcohol.Finally, in regards to the location. Yes, there is a lot of construction in the area (looks like they are building a &quot;W&quot; hotel next door). And yes, the local subway is about a 10 minute walk away. But the walk is quite pleasant (and easy)....just head out the front of the hotel, turn right, go down to the police station (2nd light) and turn right again. Keep walking and once you hit the circular traffic stop, you are there. So what I am trying to say is - it isn't as big a deal as what some of the reviewers may have led you to believe. Kiddy-corner to the subway is a very large (6 or 7 storey) shopping mall. Mainly upscale, but there are bargains if you look. And for those who need a coffee fix, this is the closest location for a Starbucks to the hotel (3rd level, below the Best Buy).Since this is a hotel review, I won't get into a deep review of the shopping. All I will say is, it can be quite an experience. Be prepared for people to just approach you on the street to try and sell you a watch, shine your shoes (or in our case, they wanted to shine our tennis shoes!) or beg for money. In a couple instances, children would run up and grab onto our legs begging for money (with their parents standing to the side)....they wouldn't let go unless you gave them some money. So either try and stay away from them with a quick side-step, or keep a couple $1 coins handy to get them off of you.All-in-all, a great place to stay. Definitely worth what we paid for and definitely a city we will go back and visit again.	
Dec 29 2008 	Older than the new Park Hyatt across the street but worth a stay.	This is a great property located at the top of Jin Mao tower in the Pudong area of Shanghai. Location was great for business but if I had to do it all over again I would've probably stayed at Hyatt Regency on the Bund as that is the nightlife center of Shanghai.Checkin was, with any Hyatt in Asia, a pleasure and the views from the Sky lobby were fantastic (less the foggy-smoggy Shanghai is now known for). Elevator and corridor design was very asian with great pieces of Chinese art on display. The view from the guestfloor balcony to the atrium was incredible. Guestroom was semi-suite in size with great minibar and extremely comfortable bed and bedding. Bathroom was a nice size with bathtub overlooking the skyline. Amenities were plentiful and the shower was a pleasure to use.The only drawback was the somewhat dated appearance of the furniture and tube TV. For the rates we paid there, I expected a 42&quot; flat panel.If you can't stay at the new Park Hyatt across the street, I would stay here. John NYC	
Dec 27 2008 	A great hotel	I spent three nights in early December at the Shanghai Grand Hyatt. It is quite a nice hotel, and is described as the highest hotel (in terms of distance from the ground) in the world. From the entrance at the street level, one goes up the elevator to the 54th floor reception lobby to check in. (Below that is the office space). My room was located on the 58th floor, which was relatively low. (The top floor for guest rooms is 85th, and on 86th and 87th are a restaurant and a bar, respectively). My room was of decent size, though not particularly spacious. Decorations and fittings were all very nice, especially the bath room, which had an additional door that opened to the wardrobe. This is a very clever design. The bathroom had a tub as well as a standup shower area right next to it. The shower consisted of three adjustable shower heads arranged vertically to each other and aimed at the upper, middle and lower parts of one's body. The shower was also very powerful, just my kind of thing.On my first night there, I had a quick dinner at the Italian restaurant. The food was good but nothing exceptional. Breakfast the next morning was also good, but not as nice as that in the Beijing Grand Hyatt, my favourite hotel in the capital of China. I didn't try any other restaurant in this hotel on this trip, although a few years ago I had had Chinese lunch and Japanese dinner there. Both were good, but quite expensive. I did take a brief tour of the patio bar on the 55th floor. It's main attraction is that you can look up the 33 floors of atrium that spirals all the way up to the top of the building. It's a breathtaking view, a little sci-fiction like. But I suspect the effect will be more dramatic if it is lighted in blue rather than yellow.I have to say that I was very disappointed at swimming pool, which probably measured only 20 meters in length and three meters in width. Not only was it rather small, there was nothing special about its design or decoration, just very plain and ordinary. I did expect something better from a great hotel located in China's second tallest building.	
Dec 23 2008 	World Class	This hotel is stunning from the outside and the inside. I upgraded to a Bund View room and ended up on the 72nd Floor. My room was massive, and hard as I tried I couldn't find fault with it.The views are stunning, the furnishings classic, the bathroom is fantastic.Yes its expensive, but then Shanghai is, and for the equivalent price you'd be hard pushed to find a comparable room in London, New York or Paris.Didn't get the chance to try the spa etc (working!) but am sure they are as good.	
Oct 31 2008 	Wow	Awsome hotel. My room was small but as a solo traveller it was fine. The bathroom was absolutely fantastic. View was spectacular and breakfast although pricy was sooo good.On the negative side I could not find that it was really walking distance to anything but taxi in Shanghai is not that expensive anyway.	
Oct 30 2008 	great!	Excellent hotel. This is the best service you could get in China. The highest hotel in the world has incredible views of the most &quot;occidental&quot; city of China.	
Oct 15 2008	Great hotel	Amazing hotel for an amazing city.We had 2 interconnecting nonsmoking rooms on the 70th floor. I am not great with heights but got used to it!The views are spectacular and a real bonus. Hotel feels like a penthouse oasis from a city which feels like a chinese Manahattan.Staff and facilities top notch, architecture a real bonus. Breakfast sensational.	
Oct 9 2008 	Very good business hotel	This is a good business hotel, made more interesting by being so high up (used to be the highest in the world before the Park Hyatt next door opened). We liked it, the restaurants were good, the gym is really great. We changed rooms because the standard one was actually pretty small/poor layout, while the next size up was a significant improvement. We liked it.	
Sep 26 2008 	Very impressive	Spacious, quiet rooms. Hyatt Club lounge peaceful and mercifully free of television. Helpful staff speak good English.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great views of.....smoggy skies	My secretary booked the hotel for a business trip. I really don't get what the infatuation with these sky-high hotels when the visibility outside is horrendous. The room was dark and made worse given the desk lamp didn’t work (despite multiple requests for it to be fixed). Vicinity is good for business, but nothing else is nearby. Construction makes a 3min walk to the subway take 20mins. My colleague stayed at the Jia hotel on the Puxi side and loved.	
Aug 24 2008 	Spectacular	We stayed here for 4 nights and could not fault it. The room, the service and the food were all 5 +star. Being in Pudong,the view from our room on 73rd floor was spectacular and there was no need to go to any other observation towers.[--]	
Aug 19 2008 	Awesome hotel with professional staffing	I stayed at the suite of the hotel and it was a great stay. The room is comfortable, big (with living room, corridor leading to the bedroom, so it feels like a one bedroom apartment) and clean. Bathroom is also nicely sized with all the necessary toiletries and LCD tv for the bath. Bed is comfortable. Staff was friendly, spoke English well and professional. Check in was speedy. Everything was just great. The hotel is not that close to any attraction sites (closest mall is about 15 minutes walk away), so that's the only downside, but the hotel which is located in the Jin Mao Tower (2nd tallest building in Shanghai) is an attraction itself, that you can go up the tower to get a good view of the whole city.Overall, highly recommended!	
Jul 31 2008 	Expect the Best	Beautiful views / service / rooms / food - Everything you would expect from a hotel with this reputation - Pure luxury. The spa treatments are also excellent, I had the hot stone therapy. The worst part is the extreamly long elevator ride to the bottom - enough to give you a serious head spin ;)	
Jul 29 2008 	Sublime	This hotel is surely one of the most unique hotel experiences in the world and we enjoyed every minute of it. What other hotel has such sublime sky high rooms or has a pool on the 57th floor or a bar on the 88th floor?Our family of two adults and two children had two connecting hotel rooms on the 71st floor for four days in July 2008. These rooms were huge, super luxurious and comfortable with outrageous views. This room combination cost us around $AUD600 ($US570) per night, so this hotel is no place for people on a budget. The hotel is very opulent and like most high quality hotels in Asia there are staff everywhere and they are extremely polite. We found both the service and the facilities to be exceptional. The pool and spa areas are fit for a king. The concierge can only be described as expert and dramatically improved the quality of our days out and about.In summary, I can’t really understand why some other reviewers have been critical. I suspect that this is the result of two main reasons. Firstly, the cost could be a bit painful for some and expectations may have got out of hand. Secondly, some of the triangular shaped rooms in the hotel may not as good as the majority of rooms. Look at the floor plan on the back of the room door when you arrive. I am sure the staff would happily move to a more suitable room if you were not happy.Two tips for travel in Asia which are relevant for this hotel:There is no need to be demanding, just ask politely and you will always get better results. Also better service is received by those that dress appropriately. Shorts and T-shirts aren’t always winner in high class establishments.	
Jul 28 2008 	What a view!!	This is truly an amazing hotel with Jinmao concert hall attached. The lobby is on the 57th floor, so you'll be stunned by the views during check-in (if it's not cloudy). Then up to your room, we opted for windows on 3 sides and couldn't have been happier. Of course this was booked with Hyatt points, so $125 for 2 nights upgrade was an easy decision. The garden tub has a huge window overlooking the Bund and our room overlooked Pudong, the Oriental pearl TV tower, the river, and across to the Bund. We had clouds the first day, but when it cleared on the second day I took most these pictures.Meals were OK, but don't expect alcohol in your drinks at Cloud 9 on the 87th floor. Note that the view from the bar is way better than the tables they tend to seat you at, but the appetizer food is pretty good.Breakfast is cheaper ala carte, and the buffets looked great for those who can eat that much food.It's a good hotel for walking the tourist tunnel across to the other side of the river, up the Bund to People's Square and DO NOT MISS the Shanghai Museum! Definitely the best overall explanation of China's history, art, and life with views of People's square from the second level tea house inside the museum. I could go on about Shanghai, but know that staying in the Grand Hyatt JinMao tower is an experience and the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at. Way above my expected standards!	
Jun 7 2008 	Good Service Good Facilities Good Price!	After a long journey for a package trip, we decided to stop over at Grand Hyatt before leading back home.It's our first time to stay this hotel since it was opened. It's a majestic hotel, good service, new facilities and good place for business meeting.Just to compare our experienced with the other hotel . In this hotel, I noticed that the staffs are more attentive if they meet a foriegn guests compare to the local guests. Is it because of the tips? For me, If the staff give me a good service then, I will give them some tips.But I noticed that they didn't even greet us when we enter the restaurant.They gave different level of service, but we pay the same price.	
May 18 2008 	The best thing about this hotel was leaving it.	We just spent a few days in Shanghai and thought we'd spend the last night at the Grand Hyatt taking in the view. I booked us a club king room thinking it would be nice to sip a few cocktails with my husband. I still can't believe what a doozy and complete waste of money this hotel is. The vibe is so unbelievably bad. Within an hour of being in our room which had a crappy, disjointed view (wall splits the room in half and takes up most of the view) I was in a bad mood and couldn't really put a finger on it. In the end i realised that the design of the room is so bad that i felt like i was in a box somewhere rather than a supposedly good hotel. My husband arrived a few hours after me and commented that we'd clearly been given a crap room. Anyone who wants to book at this hotel (and i really wouldn't recommend it) should avoid the hyatt's own website and call for a room. He too couldn't get out of the room quick enough which kind of defeated the purpose of staying there. The fittings in the room are cheap, cheap,cheap though they are designed to look like luxury. The bed is not in line with the tv and the tv was some old one stuck in a cheap cabinet and you had to swivel it to see it. This may sound petty but when you're paying US$500 /night for the privilige i think the least they can do is put in a flat screen directly opposite the bed. The bathroom looks ok but again is made of cheap materials so the doors close badly and with some effort. There are too many taps in the shower and most of them squeak like the cheap taps they are.I had to call for an iron and ironing board and when it arrived it looked like it had been taken from a formula one hotel that had been closed down!The club lounge was the worst I've ever been in. The food they served with the 'cocktails' in the evening was inedible. I love food and will eat almost anything particularly when I am starving, which i was. I would seriously advise against paying any extra for club access. The view from that room is also nothing special. The service is bad and they've tacked it on the wrong side of the building.The best thing about this hotel was leaving it. Seriously. I was in a much better mood within 20 minutes of checking out. We spent a few nights at the Regent before hand and the rooms were fantastic. Immaculate, incredibly well thought out, comfy. A lovely big flat screen that you could watch from bed or from the bath (just slide the door along) and great views. I can't believe we left!Shanghai rocks!	
May 16 2008 	Good but not great value	My wife and I decided to round off our trip to Shanghai,part business,part pleasure by staying at this icon of the new Shanghai. Pudong, the neighbourhood, is fascinating and a real glimpse into the future. China is normally excellent value but at GBP211.00 for a riverside view with few extras was not great value. Yes, the room was spotless,yes the staff were politeness personified and the views were spectacular.And yet. With the exception of an excellent bathroom (watch out your neighbours can see you!) I've stayed in Holiday Inns with more soul and bigger rooms to boot.Special praise,however, must go to the Piano lounge.Very atmospheric,low lighting, great house band and top service albeit with hefty bar prices and a minimum spend tariff.	
May 15 2008 	it is expensive	expensive!!!!Great!!!	
Apr 4 2008 	Eye Candy	Location: Perfect! we had planned the first part of our Shanghai stay to take in everything in the Pudong area... Aquarium, Bund, Oriental Pearl Tower and of course, our hotel. No need for a taxi and you can't get lost - just look up, it's currently the tallest building.Pool: Three sided views, clean and for the first time ever in all our years of hotel pools- they had a Liifeguard!Lobby: bit confusing as up and down elevators are on opposite sides of the front desk. Views are spectacular. We stopped a number of times to just look out the windows.Concierge: Very patient and helpful. Lobby Level Restaurant: Just okay. Served European and Asian foods in a buffet.Room: Small but loved the layout. With a hallway entrance it created a great and often needed seperation from the outside. Did not hear a peep. Very glad they had their A/C working as many only have it on by season not outside temperature.Bathroom: Design of the bathtub allowed your neighbor on the corner a pefect view in if the blinds were not closed tight - and then of course there are the year round window cleaners we waved at! This was not an Oooh Aaah space. Nothing special,If you can't stay here, make the lobby level a destination just to take in the views. Amazing day or night.	
Apr 1 2008 	Very Expensive	Hotwl is great but the cost is up 35% from last stay in Jan 2008 yet it was filled	
Mar 7 2008	Nice design but below average services and inconvenient location	The best part about the hotel is that it has a good city view. The 33-story atrium showcases architectural prowess. I stayed here in 2006. At that time, customer services were below average and front desk staffs conformed to the stereotype that “Shanghainese think they are better than anyone else”.Room: Well decorated. I liked the bathroom with large window that could look out to the bund view. Location: Located in the business area so not close to restaurants and other happening areas and you must take a taxi to go anywhere.Conclusion: Nice hardware but below average services and inconvenient location. Will not return.	
Feb 10 2008 	thde best re coup from a trip to shnagri-la	We had a fantastic young tour guide, Tony, book out stay for 2600 Chinese Yuan. We came from Shangri-la, which is more rustic than it sounds. Despite our smelly and dishevelled appearance, the staff treated us fantastic! It was great to see the salary men waiting in line to pay their cover to go to the &quot;Cloud Nine lounge&quot; as we walked right past in our jeans and t-shirts. The service was great and the room was a great refresher from three weeks in the bush in Yunnan province. That was the best hotel ever!!! we had some doubts after reading the reviews, but we are forever glad we splurged	
Jan 29 2008 	Majestic but Quirky	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt in Shanghai last November for the second time in 2007. This is an honestly beautiful hotel located on the upper half of what was, until recently, the tallest building in Shanghai. I can assure you that having a room on the 80th floor of any building is eye-opening. However, both times I've stayed there, I've run into a couple of problems. For example, on my last stay, another traveler with the same name as me had checked in just before I did and they gave this individual my room. Not sure what happened to this guy's original room but they seemed to not be able to give it to me and advised me I'd have to settle for something less than what I had booked, as though their error was my fault. While this ultimately got rectified after about an hour, it seemed as though the hotel staff saw nothing wrong with downgrading my room as a result of their error and acted as though my insistence on getting what I had booked was unreasonable. The other thing that (really) bothered me was what I assume was the air freshener they used in their rooms which had an acrid, almost bitter smell that was really annoying. I guess it might have been pesticide or something else but the smell was pervasive and cloying. Not sure I'll stay here again; I think there are enough alternatives in Shanghai so this shouldn't be a problem.	
Jan 19 2008 	Best place I've stayed in Asia	Unique hotel - it is new, well designed rooms and amazing views from windows. There was nothing negative during our staying there. Even if it too expensive for you you should try it for one night ))	
Jan 17 2008 	Good but not great	Firstly - like to thank everyone who contributes to this site. This is an immensely helpful resource and does wonders for our search for accommodation overseas!Stayed in the Grand Hyatt in Jan 08 on Level 66. The building is definitely impressive, and being so close to the new Shanghai world financial centre, it gives a great view over the current construction.Re: location, as most of the touristy things are located on the Puxi side, the fact that the hotel is in Pudong can be a little inconvenient. However, from what I can gather, there is a subway station not far from the hotel and it is only one stop to the other side of the river. If you can catching the taxi from the Bund back to the hotel, it costs about RMB 20, which is not expensive at all (careful of the traffic though via the tunnel).The rooms are good, but not great. As noted previously, the lighting could better. Given how new the hotel is, I am surprised that the TV is not a flatscreen. Bathroom is fantastic - massive size with a great shower, and a heated mirror as well.No dispute about the views - they are undoubtedly fantastic (on the assumption that there is no fog / smog that day).Not very happy with the service we received at all. Whilst the staff were in general polite, the service we received were some times to be desired. On one occasion, I was in my room watching television (with the door chain on) and received a ring from the room service staff (even though I didn't order any room service). As I didnt any expect any visitors, I didnt answer the bell. The staff proceeded to then knock on the door, OPENED the door (who then found was chained), and then smashed the door open thus breaking the chain. I could not believe that this would or should happen in a 5 star hotel.Further, during the check out - they wrongly charged us for an orange juice even though we didn't take anything from the mini-bar.Buffet breakfast was excellent with wide range of choices. However, per before, the service is still a little crude and need smoothing around the edges. More training is required.In general, would recommend the hotel for business travellers with their own drivers, but not the best for tourists.	
Jan 12 2008	This hotel missed all of its potential	This hotel on the surface is amazing - the highest hotel in the world - ridiculous views on Shanghai. The problem lies 100% in the design and planning. Hyatt should be ashamed at wasting such an opportunity. The rooms are okay - lighting is difficult, the bathrooms are a disaster in design - water is always everywhere - saving grace is the amazing view from the bathtub. The restaurant situation is pathetic - either you go incredibly high end chinese or you're in some faux-fancy food court with anti-ambient sound and lighting. The lobby is set up terribly and once again doesn't capitalize on the views. The good parts were the staff - very friendly and helpful, and the concierge club level - although the lighting could be improved. I wanted to like this hotel because the raw space is great - but what a disaster.	
Dec 27 2007 	Amazing!!!	Totally exceeded all my expectations and I can't wait to go back again! I was put on the 78th floor and the gym was located on the 56th floor. Breathtaking views of Shanghai all round and definitely worth every penny! Food was amazing, service was impeccable, the room was super contemporary and more than enough space. The shower and bathtub face the ceiling to floor glass window so not for the faint hearted but for the precious princesses out there who love to travel and be spoilt IN STYLE!! The Hyatt's have never failed to impress me to date and this one topped them all!! You must stay here if you are in Shanghai :)	
Dec 12 2007 	Spectacular view...	We stayed quite short in this hotel but it was for sure memorable...If you have a partner with fear of heights this is not such a good choice because from the halls were the rooms are you can look down all the way..also from the room same thing with the view on the Bund..I loved the view over the Bund from sitting in the bath or taking a shower and relax..The room is pretty and clean with a good bed, spacious desk and coffee and tea facilities and more..We had Wonton soup in the Grand Café, well do not order more if you try that because the soup was a meal on its own!We had a great time at Cloud Nine on the 87th floor..there was a great magician going to the tables with his tricks and the drinks were good and then I repeat myself I know: the view!	
Dec 11 2007 	Fantastic!	Fantastic hotel! Comfortable, clean and beautiful. Modern with a great view!	
Nov 30 2007 	spectacular	Ok this hotel certainly ain't cheap, but if you can afford it its worth as its pretty unique. We there for a conference for three nights, and had seriously nice room on the 72nd floor. The view was truly spectacular it is quite something else to open the curtains to that kind of view. The room was a very good size, comfy beds, extremely nice bathroom, a sensible work desk as well, only criticism is the lighting was a bit dim with the exception of the bathroom and the lobby. Service was good, as are the restaurants.It has a decently equipped gym although at 57 floors up the window facing cross trainers and treadmills are not for those who suffer vertigo.You can pretty much just live in the JinMao tower complex if you so desire, there are coffee joints etc in the podium block, and even a minimart in basement 3 (this is not easy to find). Externally Jin Mao tower is a stunning piece of architecture. The location is good by Pudong standards - although much in terms of things to do is in Puxi.Worth it if you get the chance.	
Nov 17 2007 	Very impressive property	I haven't stayed in many Grand Hyatts to compare but this property is a very impressive one with gorgeous public spaces and the rooms were quite good. I had a river view suite; the club on the 83rd floor is very good with late hours and good food and pastry. Being within 5 minutes walk of a metro stop is very useful; it was easier to get to the airport with the metro and change to the maglev train than it was to get to the hotel by using the train and then getting in to a taxi. Concierge and health club were both good. Views from the rooms are not as good as you'd expect since there are many obstructions in front of the windows and the views from the club lounge are the best anyway, but yeah, get a room with a view as long as you're staying there.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great hotel but some quibbles	Stayed here for 3 nights as local work office is very close by. Hotel is located in the upper floors of the JinMao Tower (lower floors being office space) with a small commercial/shopping arcade located adjacent. Also close by is the SuperBrand Mall (Zhengda Guangchang) which has improved considerably since my last visit in February. First impressions were the amount of service staff - people everywhere it seemed, even to hold the doors of the express lift to lobby floor open for you! And a lot of spare staff around lobby area at times. Everything appears very shiny and new. Level of English spoken by the staff (especially desk staff and those answering phones) was excellent. Room was a long corridor leading to the bedroom, with a wardrobe between the corridor and bathroom which could be accessed from either side - nice and convenient. View was great looking directly at the Pearl TV Tower. Used the gym facilities a couple of times. The gym itself is very good, as is the spa and steam room. Though I used the pool and as other users have noted, there is someone there that watches you do laps, and it did weird me out a little. Bathroom was pretty special. Big bath, and a shower with an overhead nozzle and two more placed about a metre or so above the floor, though working out how it all worked was a bit of a comical experience. Lots of marble etc etc. Also had room service one night, which though I was told would take 20 minutes, arrived in 10 and was absolutely delicious, and reasonably priced I thought (wanton noodle soup for about 50 or 60 RMB). Room was well decorated and the wood panelling on the wall with Chinese calligraphy was pretty nice to look at. I think a lot of the other pluses of the hotel are summed up well by other people, but here's what my quibbles were:- Whether it was me or the bed, I had three nights of very poor quality sleep when I stayed there.- Desk lamp, which is activated by waving your hand in front of a sensor, is a joke. Sensor would never work properly. Just buy ones with on/off switches already!- There are about six guest lifts in the lift lobby, and two lift buttons at both far ends. This means that if you wait at the far left, and the lift at the far right arrives, by the time you get to it, the lift has gone, and there's no middle button to press to make it wait (unless there is someone in there kind enough to hold it for you). - For a very new 5 Star hotel to have an Akai Guestlink 59cm CRT TV in the room was pretty average.	
Nov 6 2007 	Life is too short	So just once spoil yourself. I rank this hotel as one of the greatest hotel experiences i have ever had. ( we were in the diplomatic suite ) on the 80th floor. I won't comment on the room as most won't use a review of the suite, however if you can afford it. GO 4 it. low season rate was 650 usd per night.The hotel is hugelly impressive and first class in every respect. Security is evident everywhere, cleanliness is apparant and the interior desighn of the hotel is something to be marvelled at.The worlds tallest hotel and highest Bar, well worth having a few beers at just to visit. Even if your staying someplace else.The hotel is very near a subway station and you can easilly commute to anywhere from that point, including under the river to nanjing road. (3 yuen ) The location is also near the super brands mall which in itself is an architects dream and well worth seeing. The hooters downstairs is also a welcome respite for some good old fashion chicken wings and beer.The business lounge at the hotel was great with good service and continental breakfast as well as snacks and treats at supper.Nothing beats a glass of wine on the 86th floor next to a window. WOW.The Cafe restraunt was also very good but i thought the buffett breakfast was a little overpriced considering you could order a la carte for a fraction of the cost.No problems with language, front desk was a breeze, all hotel staff were some of the best ever. carter at the front desk can solve any problem .I will be returning with my family at some point in time and i would never consider another hotel.	
Oct 31 2007 	An upper class business hotel	We had a very pleasant stay here. The views were obviously amazing and the rooms were definitely worth the price. The bathroom alone was worth every penny!Rooms were well designed and spacious. Bathroom was huge and had a lovely shower! Beds were extremely comfortable and were kitted out with down duvets and pillows. Our request to provide one set of synthetic pillows was handled promptly and courteously.Location is great if you're here on business and need to spend time in Pudong. Otherwise, if you're looking to explore Shanghai, it's a bit out of the way. The metro is only a short 5 minute walk away, but it means you're having to commute where ever you go.Because you're on the other side of the river, getting across to central Shanghai by taxi can be painful at almost all times of the day. We caught a taxi to the train station just before rush hour and we should have avoided that!Staff were very friendly and helped out with directions. They were, however, unable to help us organise train tickets - something which I would have expected from such a hotel.Restaurants and bars in the hotel were good - although by late evening, almost all bars were teaming with prostitutes who were only too keen to chat you up if you spoke English near them. By closing time one felt practically hunted as they tried their best to make their evening pay. Entertaining to say the least!Even if you don't stay here, I'd highly recommend visiting to see the amazing architecture of the atrium that all floors look onto. A hotel in a building of this height is something special and they've made the most of it!	
Oct 30 2007 	If you're looking for glamour and glitz (and a price to match)...	This hotel is probably deserving of a 5-star rating but I didn't check in until late (past midnight) and I had to checkout to catch a flight early in the morning. The hotel is VERY impressive. The check in counter is on the 54th floor! The are a number of bars and restaurants with the feature attraction being the bar on the 88th floor (I think - I've visited the bar on a separate occassion). The view from the bar is pretty cool too with the city lights et al. The room is large with modern furnishings and a cool/funky designed bathroom and closets. Although, the room lacked an ironing board and iron, which I found odd given how spacious it was. My stay was too short to comment on the hotel ammenities but I will say that it is a VERY posh hotel and if you have the cash to stay there I would recommend you take the plunge, just for the experience.	
Sep 19 2007 	I loved this hotel!	This hotel was super! My room over looked the Eastern Pearl Harbor. It is located right by the water front and a major mall! Right across the river is the super brand mall with all the fancy shopping. It is located right in the Jin Mao tower, and the hotel lobby is on the 54th floor, so you have amazing views from where ever you are! Inside the hotel there are cool clubs and great places to eat!	
Aug 13 2007 	Great Experience	I travel extensively for business and have stayed in many nice hotels and this hotel stands up to any of them. I found the service excellent in every regard. The room was impressive and only exceeded by the view. Location was convenient: a quick and inexpensive cab ride from most major attractions. Ate breakfast and dinner in the hotel and both were excellent. Overall, I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 16 2007 	Awesome Hotel - Overpriced for China	The location of the hotel is a far distance from the Pudong International Airport but in a great location within Shanghai. When you enter the hotel, you will need to make sure that you prepare yourself for the 54 story rise to the front desk. The hotel is beautiful with an excellent view for my room on the 60th floor. The room was spacious and clean with an awesome bathroom. I have to say that if I come back for a personal visit, that I would stay at the Grand Hyatt again no matter the price.	
Jun 29 2007 	Loved it!	I think it is probably one of the best hotels in Shanghai, and it definitly has the best view! The only bad thing I have to say about this hotel is the CANTON restaurant. It is overpriced and disgusting!!	
Jun 27 2007	Left after one night	We debatede for so long as to where to stay in Shaghai. Pudong or Puxi, the Hyatt, with all the great reviews, the Shangri La, the upstart. Well, we ended up staying at both. Why? Because the Hyatt must have what is the most indifferent service in the world. When we made our reservation we requested very specific rooms that a guidebook that we like had recommended. As many other reviewers have indicated we got nothing like what we had requested. The room was small, there was only one sink in the bathroom and the view is not what we wanted or had requested. The rooms, though stylish, looked tired and worn and our friend's room had a horribly stained carpet. When we told them at the club level, where we were, that we were leaving almost inmediately, nobody asked why or offered to help in any way. Their indifference was unforgettable. Club level breakfast was meager. Club level happy hour was much better. Club level is small and gets crowdedLoved the views, loved the architecture and actually for a large corporate hotel, the decor, if spruced up a bit could be just fine.	
Jun 23 2007 	Dross	I recently stayed at the Hyatt for 4 nights. It is one of the worse hotels I have visited regardless of the cost. The room was dirty upon arrival (toe nails clippings over the floor, hair in the bath and numerous dirty marks). The decor was about 10 years out of date throughout. The bathroom sound system didn't work, the sink took 15 mins to drain, the DVD player cut out twice and the curtain rail was broken. By far the biggest issue was the incredibly poor staff service. They were useless at everything but expected a tip at every turn - which is not common practice in China. Room service waitor put the tray on my wife's jewellery and still expected a tip. That is minor compared to the sheer rudeness of all but one member of staff. Ostentatious day trippers are treated far better than hotel guests. I suggest you take on that guise.	
Jun 18 2007	Excellent hotel 	The Grand Hyatt in Pudong is truely an excellent hotel. The hotel itself is beautiful, comfortable and well-run. The views from the inner courtyard (it's over 80 floors!) rivals the views outside. The building itself is an architectural marvel for sure. The restaurants are excellent - we tried two of them. The breakfast and lunch buffets are incredible - enormous choice. We stayed there for three days and had a great time. The staff is very helpful. The only minor issue might be the location. Pudong, on a good day, is hard to get to traffic-wise from the Puxi side (where most of the sight-seeing spots are). So if you are sightseeing you do spend quite a lot of time in traffic trying to get back to the hotel. But overall, an excellent option.	
Jun 3 2007 	amazing views	We couldn't fault the room.a'Grand de-luxe, Bund view', it was huge and truly luxurious. Extremely comfortable. Unfortunately we always seemed to be in the clouds(smog?), but at night time the lights were magical.The hotel itself starts on the 54th floor, which necessitated quite a lot of change of floors and. lifts; a bit confusing at first.The staff were charming and with the exception of restaurant staff, efficient.The buffet breakfasts and lunches were very good.The only complaints we had were with the restaurants; smokers and non-smokers were seemingly muddled up together, quite illogically, so you could get a non-smoking table next to smokers. The reservation system for dinner in the buffet restaurant was hopeless, we reserved a non-smoking table next to the window and when we arrived at the correct time were asked to wait about 10minutes, at which time we were given a very poor table nowhere near the window, with tables of heavy smokers very near.We tried the Italian restaurant there in despair another night, but again had a poorly placed table, though we hadn't booked, so someone had to have it! I ordered a main course of macaroni. It was penne and was truly inedible, very like the flour and water paste that we made as children ,left to harden. I sen it back and was offered salad or 'something else'. My husband had a seafood tagliatelli dish which he said was OK, so, being hungry, I opted for that. By the time it eventually arrived I was past hunger and we agreed that the tagliatelli was only really just OK. He ordered Chocolate Chip ice cream for pudding and the only chips in it were of ice!To add insult to injury, they tried to charge me for the macaroni, but hastily agreed that they had made a mistake. Nevertheless, I was charged 5 yuan extra for the seafood tagliatelli and by this time we had lost the will to argue.I know---Italian food in China-----. However, at the end of two weeks you do long for a change from Chinese meals and an expensive meal at such a grand hotel should have been better.	
Jun 1 2007 	Astounding- Gotham City Experience	This is an astounding hotel. Being the tallest hotel in the world you are in for an amazing experience in the architecture, design, views and sheer quality of the place. Other reviews have said it all. Its a must visit. Getting into the Clouds bar at night can be tricky (so popular) but worth persisting and experiencing the Gotham City feel..its expensive, as you would expect but worth it.	
May 29 2007 	Number one in Town	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. I stayed at the Grand Hyatt twice, once on a business trip and the second time with my wife to explore Shanghai. The view is amazing and the interior of the hotel rooms extraordinary and indeed special for a hotel chain where you usually expect an uniform style rather than arts &amp; crafts of the country. I would suggest to book a Club River view room. The River view is a must and the Club lounge offers excellent food &amp; wines in the evening. Enjoy it; there is no other choice in Shanghai than the Grand Hyatt!	
May 27 2007 	Hated it!	I did not enjoy my one night stay at the Hyatt in Shanghai. Definitely not value for money. The staff never smiled (except for those at Oasis - The Spa) and their service were inconsistent. Their rooms are very average. I've stayed at The Westin and JW Mariott in Shanghai, both faired far better. Don't expect flat screen TVs and pay TV. Both unavailable at Hyatt Shanghai. I agree the structure of the building is impressive, but unfortunately, that does little for me when you're inside the building.Food - We tried both the Grand Cafe and Kobachi (Japanese restaurant). The lunch buffet at the Grand Cafe was overpriced and food was very average. Dinner at Kobachi was a waste of time and money. Service was slow - and again, no smiles from the staff. Sashimi weren't the freshest, but you can see the kitchen with Japanese chefs trying hard to salvage what's left of the restaurant. Overall, Hyatt in Shanghai is a 3-star hotel. I recommend The Westin, JW Mariott or the new Mansion Hotel in Puxi. If you must stay at Pudong, try the Shangri-la.	
May 11 2007 	Could be better	Stunning hotel from the architectural point of view, has a few disappointing features. Concierge services rates are crazy expensive for Chinese standards and the rooms aren't very impressive. On the other hand, very corteous staff, excellent gym and pool and a few restaurants: I've tried them all and the best one is the Italian.	
Mar 31 2007 	Disappointing	I stayed here in November 2006 on a corporate rate, around RMB 1800. I worked in the Jin Mao office tower circa 2002 when the hotel upstairs was the new luxury standard in Shanghai, so had high expectations for this visit. Instead, I found it to be very disappointing for the price and hotel standard.Although my fiance and I had requested a king-size bed, at our early afternoon check-in we were informed that the hotel was full and we were given a twin bed room. No apologies, no attempt to make up for the mix-up. The room rate did not include breakfast, which I found shocking for a hotel of this standard. Every other luxury business hotel that I've stayed in within China has included breakfast. The room we received was surprisingly small and had an odd trapezoidal shape-- terrible feng shui. More surprising were the large stains all over the bit of carpet in our room. I can live with shoddy carpets at a budget hotel, but it's totally unacceptable for a five star hotel. The bathroom was also somewhat less than spotless,Concierge services appear to be astronomically priced for China. We tried to arrange a full-day driver, and were quoted around RMB 1800 for eight hours, which is more than many Shanghai drivers earn in a month. We checked with other friends in Shanghai who helped us to book another car service at only RMB 500 for eight hours (totally professional, Buick minivan with a wonderful driver).To be fair, the gym, pool and restaurants here are all lovely. It rained heavily during our stay, so we did not have a chance to enjoy the legendary views. But I would absolutely not stay here again on my own dime.	
Feb 15 2007 	True Grand Hyatt Style	I found the Grand Hyatt to be a wonderful hotel, and after staying in hyatt's all over the world i belive it's one of the best.. service is fantastic staff everywhere, Max the concierge got us great tables and some of the best restaurants in the city..... one word of advice would be to TIP... I would guess that staff really dont get paid that much and if are to make it worth there while things happen very quickly... Tables at the best restaurants on short notice, bags taken to and from rooms very quickley.. ect ect	
Jan 14 2007 	A heavenly room amongst the clouds	A modern, beautiful hotel that rises above the clouds! Looking up and down in the atrium as itself a spectacular sight, not to mention the outside panoramic view! We had a deluxe Bund view room on one of the higher floor of the hotel and the views were simply breathtaking, especially at night when the entire city is lit up. The room was nice, with floor to ceiling glass windows all around. The sleek marble bathroom also offered wonderful views. Overall an impressive stay but obviously you will want to request the highest floor possible.	
Jan 7 2007 	nice view	My family stays at the Grand Hyatt occasionally since we go to Shanghai every year. The lobby is on the 54th floor, so every single room has a spectacular view. The rooms are around 40 square meters, fairly large compared to a typical hotel room. The Cafe is really a buffet with international cuisine. However, one adult cost around 200CNY (25USD) and is increasing every year. The hotel room was around 4000CNY (500USD) per night, which is absolutely ridiculous. Like any place in Shanghai, parking was very difficult to find. The hotel parking lot was very expensive, so we had to park elsewhere. In fact, the traffic and road setup around the building was so confusing that we accidently missed a loop road and went across the river. Across the river, traffic was even more confusing, and we ended up driving an hour just to find the entrance to the hotel.	
Dec 6 2006 	nice lift lady service always smilling	The view from the hyatt shanghai is spectacular... more so during the night. i just love the service, everywhere you go , there would be someone to smile at and say hello to. ( Hyatt staff ) It made me feel welcomed and special. Please look up when you sit at the coffee lounge... a small problem is nobody seems to speak english. An international hotel should ensure at least all the staff that meets customers should at least speak basic english. a minor inconvenience , though those eager beaver to please attitude was thoroughly admirable.The rooms are simply majestic, not as good as grand hyatt singapore but better than grand hyatt jakarta. Well the hyatt singapore has just been refurbished so ... I do not like the switches they use , it looks cheap without attention, the bed was grand and the chinese words on the head bed made me a little wary. Also they dont have LCD Flat tv like hyatt singapore.The gym and swimming pool is great, the locker system a little confusing but someone is always there eager to help which is a must for foreigners.Just across the street there is a golf driving range, a good way to unwind. Food is great in any restaurant though they do not have cili padi, or small chilli.. well you cant have everything , overall an 8/10.	
Nov 11 2006 	Great for a romantic night stay	My finace had to move to Shanghai from the USA for 8 months. I went to visit him for two months and we thought it would be fun to stay at the Hyatt for a night. I cant tell you how great our room was. We were on the 67 or 68th floor in a room over looking the river. Our room was on the corner and had floor to cieling windows 180 dergee view. The garden tub also had a window with a very nice view. The bathroom was just wonderul. We ate at The Grill in the hotel which was nice. The cloud 9 bars has great view as well.	
Oct 11 2006	Room in the clouds	My girlfriend and I were able to get a couple of tickets to the F-1 race in Shanghai and we were able to book a suite at the Hyatt. The hotel is centrally located in the city and about 45mins from PVG airport. We arrived late afternoon and went through the customs rush hour at the airport. We were met at the airport by the hotel staff and quickly taken to a car. I would recommend booking the hotel car, as taxis are difficult to come by at the airport. Like its sister hotel, the Park Hyatt in Tokyo, we were met on the ground floor, and quickly taken to check in on the 54th floor. Despite the hotel being fully booked for the race, the hotel staff was efficient and proffessional. We finished the check in process in our room on the 83rd floor. The suite consisted of 2 connecting rooms, a bit small and choppy. The rooms were well appointed but the furniture and furnishings are a little dated and worn. The bed was very comfortable, and the bath a little crowded and despite the 2 separate sinks, was a little small for 2 people to share at the same time. The view however was spectacular. I awoke early one morning to the sounds of construction and I couldnt understand how I could hear this on the 83rd floor. I looked out our bedroom window and saw another building about 20 floors below us going up. We tried the Japanese restaurant which was very good, we also had desert up on the 87th floor with another amazing view of Shanghai. I arranged for a hotel car for an early flight back to HongKong, the hotel arranged for a &quot;picnic style&quot; breakfast to be served in the car, a very nice touch.	
Sep 11 2006 	Stunning Architecture	Stayed at the Grand Hyatt Shanghai September 8th through the 12th.The property is architecturally stunning. The building was designed by Skidmore, Owings &amp; Merrill (Sears Tower Fame), and is 88 stories tall. The first 53 floors are offices. The lobby of the hotel is on the 54th floor and the hotel extends to the 87th floor. The 88th floor is an observation deck.The Grand Hyatt has an open atrium that extends from the 55th floor to the top of the building. Contains the world's highest hotel rooms, and is the world's tallest building with a hotel inside. My room was on the 67th floor! If the view of Shanghai is’nt good enough from your hotel room, the Cloud 9 Lounge on the 87th floor is incredible and provides views of the entire city. Also, there is a lounge at the base of the hotel’s atrium.The finishes are beautiful – lots of stone and polished metal. Looks great considering the building was competed in 1998. The property’s food and beverage are OK but nothing special – there are like 6 restaurants – two Chinese, a Japanese, and the rest are American. Honestly the food is overpriced (you can go to Wampoa Club, one of the nicest restaurants in the city, for less money). The two lounges I mentioned before are great.The fitness center is amazing as well – it’s on the 57th floor, and also offers great views of Shanghai from the pool area and Jacuzzi.As far as the service goes, nobody bends over backwards for you but everyone is extremely friendly and helpful. Nobody is smothering you with service, which probably comes from the fact that the hotel has 555 rooms. The concierges are more than happy to book a table at any restaurant in the city. They give good directions and also offer very good recommendations for things to do. English is a bit choppy across the board.The Grand Hyatt deserves to be at the top of the list in Shanghai for architecture alone. The rooms are also great and when I stayed the rate was only 1900 Yuan per night. Don’t expect to be wowed by the service.	
Aug 24 2006 	Bad bad service	I was very much looking forward to staying at the Grand Hyatt. It looked amazing and indeed it was very impressive - a hotel whose top floors on most days are above the clouds! As regards architecture and structure and views it did not let us down. However from the offset it is obvious good service is not something you get at this hotel. The check-in desk staff were unhelpful and their supervisor/manager was just rude. We had booked 2 rooms at the same rate - all agreed in advance with Hyatt reservations. When we arrived at the hotel they upped my friends' room rate with no explanation. I had to barter (Good Old Shanghai, eh?!) and got some moey down but it ended up being £50 more expensive a night than reservations had told us. Not one word of apology, he was just stroppy and rude. But we needed to sleep having flown overnight from London so we checked in anyway.Rooms very nice. Comfortable large beds, huge bathtub and separate shower. Lovely bathrooms. TV ok. Views were amazing (we were on 78th floor!) when the clouds weren't there (one of the four days!) but throughout the hotel service is poor. The only exceptions are the 'lift girls' who hold the lift for you, the Concierge and the gym/pool/spa staff, who should really teach the receptionists/bar staff etc good service as they were impeccable.I've seen the view now so I'm afraid to say I'm unlikely to stay there again. Especially as we booked a car to pick us up from the airport and were quoted £40 sterling and upon checkout they tried to charge me £80 sterling. I got than £40 back though. It's a shame the service is so poor as the hotel itself could be amazing - the building lends itself to that.	
Jul 9 2006 	Great Views and Room but An Unpleasant Stay	On our fourth visit to Shanghai (one of our favorite cities) I decided to splurge and spend one night at the Grand Hyatt. We had eaten meals there and I thought it would be a fun to place to stay.The good part about the hotel is the amazing architecture and jaw dropping views. It is a phenomenal building. Everything is very modern and slick but it felt cold. Plus, there is not enough attention paid to the details in the upkeep of the hotel--scuff marks, stains and cooking odors in the hallways, etc.Right from the onset the staff acted very cold and stiff. They won't let you change money without showing your passport, even though they took a photo of it when you checked in twenty minutes earlier. You can't swim in the pool (which is quite small) without wearing a bathing cap. There are some very odd warnings in the back of the guest book (the hotel will prosecute you if you entertain prostitutes, pass out prohibited material in the hotel, etc--I have never seen anything like it in a Chinese hotel before) Although the food was very good, it is served with few smiles. All in all, we did not feel welcome at this Hyatt.The rooms are slick and showcases the view perfectly. The decor is dark but the view is really magnificent (despite the pollution which is a given in China). The bathroom is fancy which tons of dark marble and chrome but is cramped.Once you leave the hotel you are pretty much in the middle of nowhere. I asked the concierge about places to walk to and he said there wasn't much. After wallking past emply mud lots and construction sites we wound up at the river front. We had a fabulous walk there, looking at the bund and the ships on the water (rhere us also a great aquarium and a lovely Shangrila Hotel with a very friendly staff).After one night we did an early check out and hurried back to the Four Seasons where we had suite for a lot less money. Perhaps our view wasn't the greatest at the Four Seasons but we felt so much more welcome and the staff is much kinder.	
Jul 3 2006 	Left with mixed feelings	I recently stayed for 5 nights at the Grand Hyatt Shanghai. I booked this hotel mainly because of it's design (the building and the rooms) and the fantastic view. I booked a Grand Deluxe River View Room and added access to the Grand Club Lounge. The room and the bathroom which were in the 64th floow were both quite spacious. The room features two floor-to-ceiling walls of glass which offer an amazing 180 degree view over Shanghai. In the evening hours the view is incredible.The room itself was well appointed and clean. The carpet looked a little bit worn. The bathroom was clean and there were plenty of towels and two robes and slippers were provided. The bathroom also has a large window by the bath tub with a great view over the river.Room service was good, turndown service was provided, privacy was kept when the do-not-disturb-sign was switched on (which is not the case in all hotels).However, while the room and bathroom are 5 star standard the service was not:Booked limousine transfer but no car was provided and I had to take a taxi.Booked non-smoking room which was confirmed at booking - still got a smoking room.Fresh fruit was delivered only on some days - seemed to be dependant on the mood of the maid. Same goes for the newspaper.Service personnel was quite distant with a few exceptions. You could easily sit in the Grand Club Lounge for 30 minutes with no waiter approaching you to take your order for a drink. Help yourself!Snacks and canapees in the Grand Club Lounge were ok during evening hours, although not exceptional.Breakfast was ok only. Have had much better breakfasts in other hotels.No dress code enforced at the Grand Club Lounge. Also, young kids are allowed in as well. It get's very noisy at times.Hotel lobby is very noisy as plenty of non-hotel-guests linger around for the great view.Missed genuine friendlyness throughout the hotel.As for dinner, I only tried the Jin Mao Club on the 87th floor. The service was good and the view is of course fantastic. However, the food was very bland and not nicely presented. The only decoration was two pieces of brocoli. Also, advertised as the 'most exclusive dining' in Shanghai you would expect the restaurant to enforce a decent dress code. Instead you see plenty of people in shorts and sandals and kids running around. Very disappointing.All things considered, still a good hotel. While I would give it a 5 star rating for the room and bathroom, I would give a max 4 star for the service. The restaurant even less...I recommed to go there for the view and the nice rooms. But don't expect outstanding service - you won't get it.	
Jul 1 2006	Less Than Impressed	So I was in Beijing for business (stayed at the Peninsula which was amazing), and decided to come to Shanghai for the weekend for pleasure. Everyone I talked to state-side and in Beijing said to stay at the Grand Hyatt because it was the very best in Shanghai. It was also very expensive, but I decided to go with it because I wanted to treat myself. While the hotel itself (building, lobby, views, etc...) is extraordinary, I am very disappointed in my VERY expensive room. I have a king river view room which cost $280/night and is nowhere near as nice as the room I had just come from in Beijing which was $100 cheaper per night. The location, I am starting to find, is rather troublesome as well, it seems that the majority of &quot;excitement&quot; is on the other side of the river...which is not a far distance, but the traffic is so horrible that it always takes a MINIMUM of 30 minutes by taxi.All in all...it's an odd situation. Beijing, the town that is supposed to be so much less-sophisticated than Shanghai, I had for less money a MUCH nicer room that included free limo to and from the airport and breakfast. In Shanghai, where I am &quot;supposedly&quot; staying in the best place in town by everyone's accounts...the room is MUCH more expensive, not nearly as nice, car service is an additional $60 each way, and the breakfast is an additional $25. The most annoying part to me...the AC in the room is not that effective. I like a COLD room, especially when it is 95 degrees outside...and on the coldest setting the room is just ok.I'm too lazy to switch hotels at this point, but from what I've heard there are many hotels on the other side of the river that are nice and cheaper. I would recommend those.	
Jun 4 2006	OK for business not for a weekend	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a conference recently and stayed on for the weekend. That was a mistake. The hotel is most notable for its views, but the air in Shanghai is so filthy that most days the views were quite limited. Given the prices, the room was small - at least too small for a couple with a baby. The choice of restaurants and cafes was also limited, with no basic coffee shop to pop into for a drink and a snack.Worst of all, there's nothing around the hotel, so we needed a taxi to go everywhere. But with no pool or outside space at all, we had no choice.On the upside, the food was good and the staff extremely helpful. I'd certainly recommend this hotel for a single businessman or woman, but not for a family and definitely not for a holiday.	
May 27 2006	Heaven in the Clouds	I loved my three day stay here. I had a lovely king bedded room on the 77th floor facing the Bund and the Oriental Pearl. The room is beautiful. A bit overstated but all in all remarkable.Dining was good in the hotel. I had an excellent Australian steak in the Grill. The buffets offered in the Cafe were very good although no bargains. I was only frustrated by the RMB45 price of each and every glass of iced tea. Sorry but that is excessive. Drinks in the Bar on 54 were reasonable for deluxe hotel and the service was good. The Cloud 9 bar did not live up to expectations. The drinks were excessive and the room is quite small. I think the service was notched up a bit in the attitude department. All in all, lovely. Definitely an expensive stay but if you love really good hotels as a fun getaway -- then this should go on your list.	
May 14 2006	Grand Hyatt is heaven on earth	The Grand Hyatt is heaven on earth and a world unto itself. From the time you enter its private entrance in the Jian Mao Building (the 4th tallest in the world), it is pure luxury.The hotel is located on the 53rd to the 88th floor and my room had an incredible view looking over at the Pearl TV Tower and down upon the surrounding skyscrapers.The room and especially the bath were very comfortable and luxurious.Not sure how much of a value the hotel is as was given a very special discount due to my company's affiliation with hotel.Many restaurants and lounges to choose from, but all are veryb pricey. Do not miss a cocktail in the Cloud 9 and The Patio. The Garden Court Restaurant (main floor) does mainly buffets, but a la carte is also offered. Dinner buffet was quite good, with lots of fresh seafood. The hotel has a beautiful spa and indoor pool. While in the building, you can take the elevator to the Observation Deck for a price. A bit of a carnival scene up there and of course very crowded.I did not care for the location of the hotel, but then I never left to venture out into Pudong.I much prefer staying across the river looking over at the amazing architecture of Pudong.	
May 12 2006	Superb	Even if this wasnt the worlds highest hotel, it would still get five stars. Everything about this place oozes class, from the beautiful bedrooms, the spotless and brand new building to the attentive staff. Add in an exceptional pool and spa complex (highest in the world), the worlds highest bar, a number of good restaurants etc and you have a superb package. The location is less of an issue than expected - four metro stops from the Maglev terminal (take Exit 5 from the metro or you will NEVER get across the 8 lane highway!) and a 10 minute walk from the &quot;mere words cannot describe it&quot; Bund tourist tunnel. It is not cheap but you really cannot go wrong here unless for some reason you need to be on the Puxi side of the river.	
May 11 2006	Do not stay here if you are a tourist	We had agonised long and hard about which hotel to choose for our first visit to Shanghai and finally plumped for the Grand Hyatt as it is clearly the hotel of the moment. When we arrived we asked whether we could change our booking, which had been for a Bund Twin Room (all they had available at the time) to a King Room but were told they were completely full. However they could offer us a Bund Queen Room on the 71st floor. Now they claim on their website that the average size of these standard rooms is 40 sq m, but in our room at least 15 sq m were accounted for by the hallway. The bedroom was tiny, barely room to walk around the bed which itself was suspiciously small for a queen size. The bathroom also was an odd shape, with just one sink and the cheapest selection of toiletries I have ever seen in a 5 star hotel (local, non-branded, nasty). The biggest disappointment, however, was the view. Again on the website they show pictures of wonderful ceiling-to-floor glass windows overlooking the Bund. Due to the design of the building, however, beyond a certain floor level the windows are in fact heavily cross-framed with thick iron girders meaning the view is far from visible unless you stand right next to the pane. We called reception to complain about the size of the room and were told that many rooms in the hotel had such odd (and inefficient) shapes due to the &quot;unique design of the building&quot;. However they would call us in the morning if a better room became available. As we had arrived late and were tired we decided to try the Italian restaurant in the hotel. When we walked in it was like walking into a canteen - small tables (with no tableclothes) lined up along the window, almost every one occupied by (largely) American businessmen in suits and their Chinese hosts. The service was so fast that we were out in less than an hour and the quality of the food was distinctly average given the high prices - approximately 70 pounds a head including for two courses and an indifferent bottle of wine.We had booked to stay for 5 nights but by this stage had decided that this really wasn't the hotel for us. Aside from the disappointment with the room, it seems that this hotel is entirely geared to the business traveller. As we would learn over the next few days it's location for a tourist is truly terrible - on the wrong side of the river in a town where taxis can be like gold-dust late at night; surrounded by two large building sites; and a ten minute one-way system to enter the traffic tunnel to where you really want to be which is itself heavily congested night and day.The next morning we were not surprised when reception didn't contact us to offer a new room. When we checked out we were not asked why we were leaving four days early - only the doorman seemed surprised when we told him we wanted a taxi to the Four Seasons. I am sure if we had stayed put at the Hyatt we would have had a very much inferior experience of Shanghai. We loved the Four Seasons - its location, atmosphere and staff - and would urge anyone who doesn't absolutely have to stay in Pudong to stay on the other side of the river.	
Apr 1 2006 	A perfect city hotel	This is a first-rate 5-star hotel in every way. It's beautiful, sleek, well-staffed and it has the most magnificient views. It also has several great restaurants, bars and a nightclub all in the same building. I especially liked the piano lounge with live music. The beds are extremely comfortable, linens are top quality, and the power showers are awesome. Splurge and pay for a room on the executive floors. Its lounge offers an amazing breakfast and cocktail spread. Given all this, this hotel is a bargain. I could go on and on about how fabulous this hotel is. I've stayed here 4 times and each time, it was a fantastic experience.	
Mar 5 2006 	Good hotel but at an expensive price	I am in Shanghai over 30 times a year and try the Grand Hyatt every now and then out of curiosity. Service has improved noticeably since a year ago. The view on a good day is impressive and I would certainly recommend all first timers to Shanghai stay here. Breakfast and room service are both of excellent quality. Downsides - getting very expensive now at around US$250 or so per night in peak season (like now). This is in a country where GDP per capita is only US$1,000 p.a.! But it's very crowded with loads of tourists and business people. The atrium style internal design means that public areas can get noisy. And because of the crowds room preference is sometimes unavailable unless you have super frequent stayer status. Rooms can also be strange as the design means there are many shapes. Astonishingly enough there are no HBO or Cinemax programmes in the rooms. All in all, still a good hotel but value for money is average only. I prefer the St Regis as it is quieter, less expensive and has bigger rooms.	
Feb 15 2006	Loved the Grand Hyatt	Stayed the week of February 5th. The view was incredible. Staff was very attentive. Rooms were very clean. Whenever we called the front desk for more bottled water or towels they were at our door within minutes. The lounge on the 56th floor is a nice relaxing place to unwind after a day of touring.I highly recommend the Grand Hyatt.	
Feb 9 2006	Grand Hyatt...Grand Experience!	My stay at the Hyatt was simply perfection! The rooms have floor to ceiling windows with views that will blow off your socks! They have extremley comfortable beds and cool bathrooms with a tub overlooking the city! The restaurants there all all top notch but Canton by far sticks out from the rest....true authentic cantonese food...the peking duck is out of this world! Cloud 9 is a great place to end the night with a nice drink and dessert. PU-J's was a great place for entertainment..in the back they even have a nice dance club..when i went it was empty but they played great music...it was so much fun even though it was just my husband and i dancing. The breakfast buffet is great...they have some really fresh fruit. The gym is small but very clean with spectacular views as well. If you like to swim they have a huge indoor pool...the spa is ok. Overall, wonderful experience...it's definately worth the money!	
Feb 2 2006	5 star view only	We stayed at the Grand Hyatt for the Chinese New Year to enjoy the view to the BUND and the fireworks in Shanghai. Undoubtedly, the view from the rooms is really great and we could really enjoy the celebration taking place in the city.However, altogether, the hotel did not live up to our expectations. This does not mean it is a bad hotel but considering the value for money and the smile you should have on your face leaving it (after a leisure stay)...it does not get it right.The room:We had a grand suite. This is basically a bedroom with a little big bigger study attached. It really shouldn't be called suite and the design is quite odd since a lot of space is wated for the doorway. On the positive side, the room is still very new and the bathroom is georgeous. Really great with BUND view from the bathtub and TV :)The room service on the other hand is not on par. They do the standard things right, however, they didn't vacuum, even though there were obvious traces of bread on the floor. The day before, the room was set for three guests, after cleaning, everything was just available for 2. Basic things were missing...Club Floor:The breakfast and the &quot;happy hour&quot; at the club floor were better then average. The breakfast is limited in its choice but ok. The service is ok. Friendly but nothing more. The manager still needs a little practice, since I told him a couple of my complaints but no reaction at all. He even bothered us with some odds things that were no of our concern.Service overall:Only ok. Downstairs during the day, the service is ok, however, mainly busy with tourists visiting the lobby or one of the restaurants. When it becomes evening and mainly hotel guests come through the entrance, it seems that the service people are really tired and don't care too much anymore. At the check out, the only purpose was to collect our money. In no way they tried to ask us if we enjoyed the stay or anything else.Summary: Go for the view if you are willing to spend the money, but stay in your room and don't set your expectations too high. I think as a business traveller they will be able to treat you right, since you will be busy most of the day and just return to the room during the evening...but then there are either cheaper or better choices. As a leisure traveller, most likely you will be disappointed (as we were).P.S.: When we went, we saw the mixed reviews however, the hotel was still ranked #1 in the traveladvisor list...next time I checked it was #11 :( It fits the hotel better! but if this would have displayed earlier, it would have definetely influenced our choice.	
Jan 30 2006 	Great Hotel	I work in the travel industry and am fortunate to have stayed in some brilliant hotels. The Grand Hyatt along with its namesake in Hong Kong are the best hotels I have ever stayed in. This one is impressive in scale and appearance; all the staff I met were friendly and helpful; and the 2 restaurants I tried were both excellent. The hotel location is a bit awkward being surrounded by busy roads and on the &quot;wrong&quot; side of the river. However, taxis are cheap. Shanghai itself seemd a bit sterile, lacking the vibrant atomsphere of Hong Kong, and visually its an impressive skyline but best at night.Would I stay here again? yes as long as someone else paid. Shanghai, makes an interesting 2-3 day stopover, but not a holiday destination.	
Jan 18 2006 	Impressive but expensive and sterile - Hong Kong is better.	I stayed in The Hyatt as it was ranked as No1 in Trip advisor for Shanghai. Had to go to Shanghai for work from 12th to 16th January 2006.The hotel is my opinion is over rated. I have stayed in serval Chinese cities on business and most hotels are of a mediocre standard. This hotel has the potential to be the best in class. I has an incredible presence with 89 foors. The first 53 floors are offices (from a differnt entrance.) Floor 54 is reception. The health club and pool (very nice indeed) are on 57th floor and the posh restaurant is right on the top on the 89th !! We are talking Empire State building proportions here. There is another hotel going up next door - due for completion in 2007 with over 100 levels so both hotels will become a world landmark. (the locals are slightly concerned about this in view of 9/11) So it's impressive, the rooms are good, the views are of Shanghai are OK . Shanghai is not the prettiest city in the world. Accomodation for 15 million people has been planned and built within the last 20 years so it really is 200sq miles of wall to wall concrete. So why didn't I like the hotel ? Firstly it is very expensive. Beware - local taxes and service charges add 25% to the prices quoted here. This is one of the most expensive hotels in China and although the staff are polite (rather than genuinely interested) - there is no 'ambiance'. The whole place feels sterile. You can eat in silence in the restaurant and pay £30 for your meal - or go straight across the road to the Chinese restaurant (with yellow seats) The Golden -'something' - and eat fresh fish, meats and steamed vegetables including beer for under £5. It was delightful. Shanghai was also a bit disappointing. It tries to be the new Hong Kong - but for me HK will always outshine with intersting and bold high rise architecture, endless selections of hotels, shops and restaurants to suit all budgets. HK has great night life and feels really safe. Not sure i felt quite as safe in Shanghai.	
Jan 11 2006	So overrated it's not funny... don't waste your money!	My husband and I travel over the holidays each year and decided this year to make it Shanghai.Since we figured we probably wouldn't make it back to Shanghai in the near future, and we were going to be there for about 10 days, we decided to stay at a few hotels, and that the Grand Hyatt in the fourth highest building in the world should definitely be one of them.Since we would be staying there on 31-Dec and 1 &amp; 2 Jan, we thought we would spring for a Bund View Suite to make it really special, which was about $350US or $500 Australian.We took a taxi from the Portman Ritz Carlton, the hotel we were staying in prior to this, and found straightaway that the area around Pudong looked boring and depressing, with a few tourist stops and nothing much else.When we got to the check-in desk on the 54th floor, it was jam-packed, so we were happy to learn that, since we booked a rate with club access, we could check-in on the club floor, floor 83.We were greeted by a very snooty club check-in person and shown to our suite on the 82nd floor. I must admit, the suite was huge, and the view was very grand.The check-in person, of course, played that up as much as possible, and then followed us around the place for a full 10 minutes or so waiting for a tip, even though we had already thanked him and made it clear that wasn't going to happen.Normally, we are good tippers, however in this instance, this was not the person who brought our luggage. All he had done was check us in. In addition, in Shanghai, there is a 15% service charge which is intended to cover such service, so that a tip on top of that would be ridiculous. Indeed, nobody at the other hotels we had stayed at (Westin &amp; Ritz Carlton) had expected nor waited around for a tip.For heaven's sake, we were already paying $500/nt... it was downright rude of this person to hassle us for a tip!Just to top it off, we realized a bit later that the bed was only a queen size bed, and we had paid for a King bed suite. At this point we were too angry to even bother complaining.The club was reasonably well-stocked, but was very very packed. So much so that we had to ask if we could move a chair to create a table we could sit at. A staff member who looked very put out by us reluctantly moved the chair so we could sit.There were also many children in the club, some of which were running around screaming and sticking their filthy hands in the buffet.Again, for the price we were paying, I would have expected a little peace in the lounge and certainly not having children sticking their hands in the buffet.And I would have expected the staff to be both better trained to serve their guests, rather than looking put out by it.Several times in different areas of the hotel, I was asked by staff &quot;may I help you?&quot;, which made me feel as if they were questioning my right to be in a particular area.When I visited the pool, I was the only one using it, and a staff member was assigned to sit along the side and watch me... I couldn't figure out why? To make sure I wouldn't steal anything? That's the way it felt.While the view was gorgeous, and the hotel very elegant, we were made to feel most unwelcome the whole time we were there. So much so that we checked out two days early, only staying for one night, and moved to the puxhi side of the river near Peoples square, which is much more centrally located.My advice to anyone thinking of staying here is to save your money. Take a day trip to Pudong (that's all you'll need, it's pretty boring) and have a drink up at the bar at the Grand Hyatt, and choose a hotel such as the Westin which is less expensive, more friendly and more centrally located.	
Jan 11 2006 	Class Comfort Clean Value	THANK YOU - Trip Adviser for this wonderful service.I wish this service was available to me 20 yrs ago to research the hotel industry and services !----------------------------------------------------I'm a world class traveler . 54 countries in 49 years.Brought my wife with me this trip to Shanghai for a week of some business and lots of romantic R&amp;R after the holidays in california.I'm writing this from our room on the 78th club floor.It was &quot;all great &quot; don't know why some had bad exsperiences here. We didn't get a corner room and we still loved the views and amenities.Suggestions:1. stay at private club level if you can for the inclusive lounge. free breakfast, snacks during the day and quality bar fine wines and spirits ( surprised us )and offered great cheeses, and hot dishes, deserts to provide a lite dinner on the 83rd floor with wireless access..good value like being at home after a day out. from 5-8 pm 2.Get a private shopper and driver for a few days of real shopping in the back shops of Shanghai.3. Foot and body massage ever other day. low cost..4. Use the gym and pool,,great view looking over shanghai while you watch world news on your private head set and flat screenThis will be our home base for business here in Shanghai for years to come until we find the exsperience lacking.Happy and safe travel from Rob &amp; Deb.	
Jan 4 2006 	Shanghai landmark worth staying	This is an absolute must see destination in Shanghai - even if you are not staying in this hotel. Even the high price of rooms Grand Hyatt should not put you off when considering hotels in Shanghai. For a day or two at least. I stayed at the Executive Floor (Grand Club) - on the topmost floors with its own check in facilities. I do not think that the views or services differ very much if you decide to stay a couple floors down in a standard room. The room was absolutely great and the views even better. My room was so high up that clowds prevented the view over to the city most of the time. However even walking next to the floor-to-ceiling windows makes those ones of us who are afraid of high places shiver. Centre of Shanghai and especially Pudong side of the city resembles Gotham City (from Batman, the movie) and the Jin Mao Tower where this hotel is located is a star reminder of that. The small details in rooms are great: heated mirrors that do not fog when you take a shower, lights that switch automatically on when you walk to the room etc etc. They have really paid attention even to the smallest of details at this hotel. Location: As Grand Hyatt is located at Pudong side of the city it is in a somewhat awkward location. Jin Mao Tower is surrounded on all sides by broad motorways and crossing these is next to impossible by foot. There is an underground station some 500 metres from the hotel but getting there is a problem as crossing the streets take ages - and is dangerous. So you should rely on taxis and take into account that getting to the otherside of the Pearl River may take even 1-2 hours at peak times. Despite of the seemingly short distance.I prefer outdoor pools which this hotel does not provide. However the indoor pool at Grand Hyatt and the excerise rooms were absolutely superb.Remember that even as a guest at this hotel you are constantly overlooked. Elevators, corridors and all other public areas are constantly monitored and if you actions apper suspicious to the overlookers you will immediately get a voice responce. I once tried to get to the opmost floor restaurant which was not open at that time and immediately after pressing the elevator button I got a voice responce from the &quot;overlookers&quot;: &quot;Sir.. may I help you... the restaurant is open only in the evening...&quot; You'll see cameras all over the cenre of Shanghai taking a good look of your actions. Shopingwise, there is no better place than Shanghai. So leave a lot of room in you luggage for all the things you end up buying!	
Dec 3 2005	A must visit destination	Location: It’s at a convenient point at Pudong: a short stroll to the Superbrand Mall and the Oriental Pearl TV tower. The St Regis is way up further but the Shangri-La is closer to the river (for postcard view of the Bund). If location is paramount, the Portman Ritz is next to Plaza 66 for luxury shopping and JW Marriott is in the centre of Nan Jing Road (between Ritz and Westin).Décor/Design: If you are overwhelmed by the Peninsula Hong Kong or most Ritz Carltons and rate highly on their décor, then the Grand Hyatt would slightly disappoint you. As a modern architect, I would prefer a modern design with a respect to the history/local culture, so you feel the essence of a particular country but still on the right track of time. Grand Hyatt embodies this concept. It is not as minimalist as Park Hyatt Tokyo, but not as culturally-infused as the old Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong (now being refurb). Hyatt incorporates the golden day of Shanghai’s art deco style with modern Chinese; and the result is excellent. Even the building (Jin Mao Tower) by top US firm SOM is truly breathtaking, one of my all time favorite buildings!. It even impresses my old-fashioned mother!Lobby/Public space: Although large (500 plus rooms), Grand Hyatt is surprisingly small inside, it almost feel ‘boutique’. You have to change 2 lift banks from ground to lobby; and to your room. In between is the lobby with double story lounge area and breathtaking bund view, which can be overcrowded in the afternoon with tourists taking photos or tour groups flocking the lobby.The much publicized 30 storey atrium is smaller in reality, but still awe-inspiring. There is a lobby lounge on its base with no view so unless you have a good conversation, staring at the atrium could be boring and dizzying after a while.Rooms: Opt for the Grand Bund View room for an extra! The view is truly impressive with views directly to the Oriental TV tower, aerial view of Bund and Shanghai’s skyline. Be careful when choosing room, as the building’s design is tapering to the top, so some rooms can be smaller than the other; rooms on the corner side are larger (still standard room) than in the middle. Standard room is 40m2, but my gold passport room at Level 71 is much much larger as it sits on the corner. What you see in the brochure is exactly what you get. The bed headboard is adorned with Ming dynasty poet, which is quite special. The window is from floor to ceiling with a lot of horizontal frames in between which might obstruct looking at the view. There is no sofa, but a relaxing chair with ottoman. In the brochure it was said there are wireless keyboard to connect to TV, but in reality this service has been cancelled, I guess some of the mainland clients must have took it home. Bathroom supposes to be big, but the layout makes them feel smaller. I particularly dislike the flimsy glass door for the WC, I mean how does it work with the acoustic (remember hot shanghai food)??. But the amenities are nicely packed as a souvenir. Noise: My room shares a wall with the lift shaft, but we could hardly hear anything!. In fact the only noise we encountered is a constant yelling from a mainland customer next door, which is very annoying!. I hope it’s not how they talk because I swear it feels like a battle ground.Food: Didn’t try the buffet there, but the Cloud nine has fantastic view. The food court (by Hyatt) on the basement should be avoided.Facilities: Swimming pool has views over Shanghai, which is fantastic.Service: Polite, efficient and personal. You were whisked directly to your room by one of the receptionist where he introduces the room. But on one visit to the business centre, one of the lady there did not understand what is a brochure / catalogue that I simply gave up.Overall, a must see destination. The layout and sky location is similar to the JW Marriott but for me Hyatt reigns supreme. If budget is not an issue, opt for Grand Deluxe Bund view with 180 degree view of Shanghai.	
Nov 15 2005	Spectacular Grande Hyatt	One of the most beautiful hotels we've ever stayed in, with service to match.Because of the height (hotel occupies from floor 54 through 85) the views from our room, public rooms, all restaurants and bar, are simply breathtaking. Food at breakfast, and at two of three restaurants, the best we had in the city. Spa was also terrific--I had two Oriental massages, a facial and a manicure. Decor (art deco) stylish but inviting. Unlike many of the other 5 star hotels (which we visited--Ritz, JC Mandarin, Shangri-La, with cavernous lobbies), the Hyatt feels more personal and warmer. Concierge desk competent and charming. The location is not the negative as billed. Shanghai is enormous, and spread out--and not really a walking city like many in Europe. So to go anywhere, you must take a taxi, which is very cheap. It is worth an extra few minutes in a taxi to stay at this first class hotel.	
Nov 10 2005	Make sure you know what you are getting into!	The experience started of poorly. I personally wrote to the Hotel in Shanghai as suggested by reservations, inquiring about a long-term stay. A 21day stay to be exact. They quoted me a more expensive rate than the most expensive I could find on Hyatt.Almost crooked!Eventually, we change travel plans to stay only 6 nights. We only ended up staying 3 nights! Food in the Italian restaurant was fair. The service was about 2 star level. It is really a business hotel where the are very proficient at moving them &quot;In and out&quot;. They really have not interest in the qaulity of stay. The Business traveler does not have much time to spend complaining about accomadations that their Company is booking and paying. Service was poor from the Front Desk to the Atrium Bar, where we sat for 10 minutes and never were greeted/served. It might be worth a stay for 2 nightsin a &quot;Grand Deluxe Bund View Room&quot;. Free breakfast in Atrium Bar with a free Gold Passport. Sky pool and gym are to be seen. Just understand you will be run over by business people and expect 2 star service. If you can get past that you will enjoy 2 nights.5 star service with better location can be found at the JW Marriot.	
Oct 30 2005 	Spectalular experience	Spectacular experience, what else can be said about this hotel in this great city. Ashtonishing views and architecture make this hotel a once in a lifetime experience. If you are going to Shanghai once in your life, this is the place to stay. The overall service and western food at the Cafe were very good.The only drawback is that it is located in Pudong, the new Shanghai, while most of your activities are in the other side of the river / city and a taxi is needed everytime going out. Anyhow it isn't too far or expensive and its worth it.Also definitely, try to get a room with a view to the Bund and a river view. That is a must.	
Oct 15 2005	Deluxe bath with a view	Many reviewers mentioned the deluxe bathroom and I must just add a few words on this. Make sure you get a deluxe room with Bund view, order a botle of champagne and strawberries and enjoy the magnificent view from the bathtub.	
Sep 30 2005 	Unrivalled Views at Hyatt Shanghai	Without a doubt this hotel is one of the most memorable I have stayed in recently. Standard rooms are a cut above the rest and the service was impeccible. Not only do the rooms command some of the best views of Shanghai, they are extremely spacious and tastefully decorated as well as good value for money. A wall of windows in the bathroom meant every time I lay back in the bath I had a spectacular view of the city shimmering below.The spa was excellent with a wide variety of treatments and the pool, on floor 57, is the highest in the world. This by no means is an average hotel and I do hope to stay here again.There are numerous restaurants in the hotel ranging from Japanese sushi, traditional Shangainese and even Italian. It's what I would expect of a Hyatt and am surprised to read some disappoiting reviews.I can't really think of any down points other than you can't buy cigars in the Grand Cafe at 3am in the morning after partying the night away in the Bund! As a 29-year-old female non smoker, I didn't really want one that much anyway!	
Sep 26 2005	Take away the view and it's distinctly average	Before starting this review it's worth putting my post in perspective as Iappreciate it's at odds with some of the other comments on the site.First of all I'm someone who spends every spare penny (and then some) on travel, and have had the privilege of staying in some really excellent hotels such as the Mandarin Oriental in Kuala Lumpur and the Chedi in Muscat.In fact staying at the Hyatt Shanghai made me realise just how good they were!Though I'm far from the red faced western tourist who will bellow at the &quot;natives&quot; for not serving his beer cold enough, that does mean my expectations are set fairly highly.Secondly, I was here almost a week and so was perhaps able to road test the hotel more than had I breezed in and out on a corporate expense account.However, once you take away the views from the Hyatt, which the Shanghai guide books rightly rave about, my experience was that this is not a signature five star hotel at the top of its field. Instead, I found it distinctly average.Nothing too major to spoil our break, but some significant chinks nonetheless. To take the good and not so good from various areas of the hotel:* The public areas of the hotel and the rooms are decked out in dull, business colours, which is appropriate as the Hyatt is stuffed full of suits. And the place does seem to be well kitted out for a variety of business meetings, so if you are here on company business and just staying for a night or two it will probably be fine. But, other five star hotels have much more grand and (in the case of the Westin) stylish entrances and areas.* The staff: Lots of them milling about with dark suits and ear pieces. However, here is a case of where more really does not mean more. There were plenty of people around to whisk my plate away at dinner before my wife had finished eating, but on one or two occasions there was a distinct lack of initiative shown for some of the most simple requests.* The grand club: The Hyatt, like a lot of other 5 star hotels, makes a big deal about its club floors. The staff in the club lounge were generally the most helpful in the hotel, but the breakfast served upstairs is unfortunately a pale imitation of what you get (and, true, have to pay for) downstairs in the main restaurants. Also I was surprised that the piece of paper you are given when checking in fails to communicate one of the most useful perks of staying on a club floor - free Internet access in the business centre (usually around USD3 for 15 minutes).Don't think that staying on a higher floor will give you a better view though. On floor 80 upwards you are almost too high. The views are better from reception on floor 54.* The health club: The Hyatt has a small, but fairly well equiped gym. It also has separate men's and women's jacuzzi and sauna areas and a pool. When using the pool,they make you wear a swimming cap. If that's the rule then that's fine...but I expect everyone else to do the same.Bizzarely though on my second day I took a swim and spotted a Chinese man and his two kids in the pool. The kids wore a cap, the man didn't. As a result, I figured I didn't have to either.As I mentioned, the Hyatt has plenty of people lurking about doing nothing in particular, and the pool is no exception. I was promptly asked to put my cap on. When I pointed to the man, I was told my hair was longer. Not true, my hair is generally considered pretty short!On two other occasions, Chinese men didn't bother to wear the cap and weren't questioned. Only one of them had what could be considered to be a 'buzz cut.' The impression I was left with, was that these guys were some kind of big wigs and that asking them to don swimming gear would be a major loss of face by the local staff.* The spa: I had a stone massage at the 'Oasis Spa' near the gym and my wife had Chinese foot massage. Other five star hotels in Shanghai such as the Westin and Marriott have brand name spas attached (in the case of the Westin, a Banyan Tree).The impression I got from the Hyatt is that this was added as an after thought and the practitioners were more like enthusiastic amateurs, not therapists. The guy giving me the stone massage seemed like a masseur (he didn't speak English so I couldn't ask) and tried to be pleasant, but the way he was fumbling around with the rocks didn't inspire confidence. The spa room was also right by reception with the door open, so I could clearly hear people clearing the phlegm from their throats (quite a common sound in China)!* The location: Not great. All the action happens on the other side of the river. There is a road tunnel, but if this is closed or heavily congested your 10 minute trip can become a 45 minute one. I did overhear some guys saying they were building a new bar and entertainment area nearby though.* The view: Yes, the view is great and the building is an architectural landmark. The thing is, there is nothing stopping you coming to have a coffee in the Hyatt. Actually I'd recommend it. But Shanghai really is Sci-Fi city. Anywhere high up seems to have a view.In summary then, if you at the Hyatt for a short trip or have a business meeting nearby, then the hotel is probably the place for you. If you are here for a holiday, I recommend the Westin where we tried out the Banyan Tree Spa. I didn't see the rooms, but it looks a lot nicer inside and less staff milling about managed to be a lot more friendly and helpful!	
Sep 2 2005	The sky is the limit	Of course, before posting my review I've read the previous comments. Well, it's really hard to me believe that some people can report a bad experience with this Hotel. I have traveled all my life long, and I've stayed at the best Hotels in the world and, trust me, It's quite impossible to find something like the Shanghai's Grand Hyatt (and I'm not particulary in love with the Hyatt). I had a Diplomatic Suite in one of the Club floors and the room was incredible, at the 79th floor, with glass walls and a view on the city like the one you can have only from an airplane. The room, like the whole hotel, is very, very elegant and confortable. The service is accurate and kind. The restaurants are a bit smokey and busy, but the food is very good. The lobby is some 40-floor high and really impressive. In one word it's a once-in-a-life experience you can't miss! The only spot is about some employees speaking very poor english.P.S.: I have found two taxi lines and the one reserved to the hotel guests had the priority.	
Aug 31 2005	Wonderful Experience	I read some bad and good reviews of this hotel before we went to Shanghai, but we choose to stay at the Hyatt anyways. It was a lovely experience. We stayed on the 81st floor, Bund view, club room, and that made the experience both wonderful and expensive at the same time. Everyone was very kind, and the club breakfast and happy hour was great. The pool and fitness area had the same lovely views, and the restaurant, Canton, had fabulous dimsum. I would stay at this hotel again.One thing though, the Internet isn't free in the room (and they charge you for each laptop about USD$15 a day), but if you have a notebook, use the club room for free.Also, try the mooncakes! They make a great present to bring someone. They are to die for!	
Aug 26 2005	Flying high in Shanghai	We stayed for 5 nights at the Grand Hyatt in August 2005. The hotel is situated between floors 54 and 88 in the 'Oriental Empire State Building', the Jin Mao Tower. There is no doubt that the building is impressive, even if the area, Pudong, is rather soulless - rather like a rather rubbish 1960's sci-fi film's 'city of the future'.Our room was a Grand King and consisted of bedroom with king bed, tv in cabinet and a desk, and a lovely bathroom with large bath, walk in shower with body jets, modern sink with heated mirror and a separate toilet. The storage area was rather limited with just the one wardrobe and very few drawers. The main attraction of the room is the floor to ceiling window which, from the 80th floor, gave superb views over the Bund (you need to request this or you will be given a Pudong city view which is not as exciting). We spent many an evening wowing at the amazing vision of Shanghai at night lit up with as much neon as possible (and amusingly the room has a sign which says 'Help Shanghai to save electricity'). The room was very clean but the accessories are a bad choice, e.g. a lot of stainless steel in the bathroom suffering from water marks as soon as you used it. The tv had a good number of channels but the air conditioning was not good, we were very warm at night (and I am never warm!)The staff in the hotel were courteous but a little stuffy at times. We had a problem with our credit card (security check even though we had phoned them to tell them we were in China, tut) and felt that it was far more of a hassle to them than it was to us.The club provides a good buffet breakfast (continental only), an afternoon tea and an excellent evening buffet. Hot and cold drinks are available throughout the day and we found this invaluable. The hotel contains a fine range of restaurants and bars and it is not necessary to leave the hotel. Be aware that it is necessary to book. Room service is delicious and we made good use of this. Always remember that a 15% service charge is applied, even if the service is lacking, and they will still leave a space for a tip!My main disappointment with the hotel was also my main delight. We loved the view from the room because of its situation however, as a tourist, it really is not the best place to be if you have come to visit Shanghai. Taxis are easy to get but the traffic is very busy; the Bund tourist tunnel is a lot of fun once, but an expensive option; and we never did manage to find the ferry port...	
Aug 21 2005	Breathtaking Hotel	The Grand Hyatt Shanghai is in the breathtaking Jin Mao Tower just wonderful located. I think it is one of the greatest hotel experiences in the world. Rooms in the corner of the building, where there are three glazed walls (even in the bathrooms!), are excellent. The food in the two Chinese restaurants and in the Japanese restaurant is outstanding. On level 87 is a charming bar and on level 53 there is the smart Piano Bar with live entertainment, perfect!BUT service was absolutely dreadful! On the first day they wanted to cancel our Club privileges, then there was some noises in our neighborroom and they didn't manage to stop it (not til we asked them to do so four times!). Another day we wanted to have a nice diner in the Canton restaurant. So we asked them in the afternoon for a specific table in front of the window, where you can overview the city by night. After two confirmations from the concierge (with adumbration), we came at eight o'clock to the restaurant and they gave us a table, which was not by the window, and the restaurant was full!!! And the staff and even the duty manager do not accommodate to you with a little regard. Rooms where not very clean too!The reason why I rate this hotel with four points is, that there isn't a better hotel in the city! We had a look to all of them (Four Seasons, St Regis, Marriot, Ritz Carlton), but they aren't as nice as the Hyatt.In spite of everything it is a beautiful place to stay!	
Aug 16 2005	Great hotel in a great city	We just returned from a 10 day trip to China. We were in 4 different hotels, but the Grand Hyatt definetly was the highlight of our trip. Our 70th floor room had an amazing view of the BUnd and the Oriental Pearl Tower, which was enormous in the evening. The room was very comfortable and good equipped. THe food was very good,both in the cafe, as well as the other restaurants. The room service was excellent. The bar &quot;Cloud 9&quot; on one of the highest floors had an extremely cosy atmosphere. We would stay here again. It was the nearest thing to heaven. Excellent!	
Aug 12 2005	All Hype -- Disappointed and Not Going Back	We were in Shanghai last Sept/Oct during their National Day holiday period. We were on a &quot;hotel-review mission&quot; because we stayed at both Westin and Grand Hyatt, both using points for their respective hotel &quot;frequent traveller&quot; program. What a difference service-wise, granted that we were also upgraded at Westin (to a residence apartment), and we were offered to pay another $100 for a river-view room at Hyatt. Both hotels had two taxi lines set up at the front door. One for hotel guests, and one for non-hotel guests. At Westin, when taxi was not in abundance, hotel guests always had the priority. At Hyatt,we waited in the taxi line where the sign for hotel guests was for 10 minutes, and they ignored us and only tending to people in the non-guest line. We did not get a taxi until I walked back into the lobby and complained.At Hyatt, the bedding consisted no flat sheet, no blanket, but only a comforter with bedcover or duvet cover (to make it sound better).At Westin, heavenly-bed a hype or not, there was the usual set up: flat sheet, covered blanket, then comforter with a duvet cover.At Hyatt, it took them almost an hour to get the crib set up in the room, after I requested at the front desk, called the front desk, called the housekeeping dept, spelling the word &quot;crib&quot; along the process. There is no comparison for the crib itself. It is indeed a heavenly-bed type crib at Westin, and I dreaded mold for the foam used at Hyatt, so my three-year-old ended up sleeping in our bed anyway.	
Aug 1 2005 	An Incredibly Poor Excuse for a 5 Star Hotel	The Grand Hyatt is without doubt one of the worst alleged five star hotels I have ever stayed in. I was stuck there for five days last week due to a customer staying there and it was one bad experience after another. This from a hotel where I was paying in excess of US$300/night. From a surly arrival &quot;welcome&quot; in the Grand Club, to incredibly poor service in the Canton restaurant at a table with very important guests, to the removal of personal items from my room without permission, to the final straw - a general refusal to give credit for a dinner that made me sick, the hotel gives poor service. With the notable exception of the resident manager, Paul Kwok, every management person I interacted with first wanted to contradict everything I said, then wanted to &quot;investigate&quot; a problem and then wanted to prove me wrong and avoid responsibility. To quote from an email from the general manager -&quot;We have ascertained all the details pertaining to the incidents that you had mentioned earlier, with eye witness report and factual material that are in our favour. &quot; Basically, the customer is wrong and we are right. This attitude is pervasive in all of their dealings with customers. I would never stay in this hotel again and would caution others not to do so. Shanghai is full of great hotels - JW Marriott, Ritz Carlton and Four Seasons, there is no reason to stay in this poor excuse for a hotel.	
Jul 27 2005	Good Hotel in a Great CIty	Having recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt Beijing, which was out of this world, I was very excited about my upcoming trip to the Grand Hyatt in the Jin Mao Tower. However, on arrival I felt that the hotel did not live up to its 5-star rating. For example, I had been looking forward to the pool facility, and was disappointed in that it was much smaller than I had envisioned. Also, I found the lobby lacking in both atmosphere and decor. The best part about our room was the bathroom, which had a large marble jacuzzi tub and a great shower. Otherwise, the room was nondescript. I would not stay there again.	
Jul 15 2005	Profitable Stay!	Visited Shanghai for a few days and to top off our holiday, we checked into the Hyatt on 16th June. Got a bund view room on the 76th Floor ...... magnificent view at night of the bund. Ah! it's treats like this every once in a while that makes it memorable. Fantastic stay on our part and a profitable one for me personally ~ I trade options in my spare time and was trading the few nights we were in Shanghai, on the very night of our stay in the Hyatt I made a trade which gave me a $40K profit. My best ever 1 day trade ..... and for that, Grand Hyatt Shanghai will always be in my lucky hotel list!	
May 25 2005 	Well......i was expecting more	was on the 75th floor - so of course it was a great view. but the rooms were hard to figure out - and seemed a bit musty/moldy. one of the robes hanging was dirty. That made me furious. It's just digusting to think about. the 54th floor is great. fantastic view. not sure i'd stay there again tho.	
May 13 2005 	Outstaning		
May 12 2005	Above the clouds		
Apr 20 2005 	What's NOT to like about the Grand Hyatt ??		
Nov 27 2004 	It was the nearest thing to heaven!		
Nov 7 2004	I would not stay here - poor service		
Oct 30 2004	Like no other hotel.		
Jul 25 2004	Incredible Hotel		
Jul 11 2004	now that is what u call GRAND		
Jun 28 2004	Sleep in the clouds		
Jun 16 2004	Opulent!!		
Jun 16 2004	??????????????????????		
Nov 24 2009	Top of the World Hotel		
Nov 7 2009 	??????????????????		
Oct 21 2009 	????????		
Oct 18 2009 	????????		
Oct 8 2009 	???????????????		
Sep 22 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 18 2009 	..una volta nella vita...		
Aug 17 2009 	höher gehts nicht !		
Aug 6 2009 	Alles gut in Shanghais Wahrzeichen		
Jul 25 2009 	?????		
Jul 14 2009 	?????????		
Jul 6 2009 	????????????		
Jun 25 2009 	???????????		
Mar 5 2009 	???????????????????		
Mar 5 2009 	Grand Hyatt Shanghai		
Jan 26 2009 	Molto Charming		
Jan 24 2009 	???????????		
Jan 16 2009 	????????????????		
Jan 8 2009 	?????????		
Dec 24 2008 	???????????		
Oct 24 2008 	??????		
Oct 15 2008 	?????		
Oct 6 2008 	????????		
Aug 21 2008 	?????????		
Aug 16 2008 	????????????????????		
Jul 28 2008 	A ne pas manquer		
May 7 2008 	Höchstes Hotel der Welt und höchster Luxus		
Feb 6 2008 	Das höchste Hotel der Welt sehenswert!		
