Oct 26 2009	A great Introduction to China!	My family of 4 stayed at this hotel at the beginning of our 2 week holiday as part of a small group tour. Hubby &amp; I stayed in a double room that was quite small, our teenage children shared a twin room that was much larger. At the time, we all found the beds to be very hard, but further into our holiday we realised that this was nothing compared to beds in other hotels!Breakfast was a mixture of western hot food/toasts (but not much in the way of cereals) &amp; interesting local foods. The mushrooms particularly were delicious. TIP for westerners who like their cup of tea/coffee bring your own bags &amp; little sachets of UHT (long life) milk to make a cuppa in your room. Milk is usually powdered in China &amp; generally hard to come by. The tea served at breakfast was very weak &amp; the coffee almost undrinkable!There is an ATM in the hotel lobby.The surrounding neighbourhood was safe to explore at night, just a few blocks from impressive department stores with lots of interesting local stores/streets/alley ways on the way.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great value good hotel	Having previously stayed in Shanghai at the Oriental a few times , a chinese friend suggsted I try this hotel.I was assured it would be OK. It was more than OK, I thought it was great value for the price paid and was upto a good four star standard. I did book the larger room and it was worth the extra $40US per night. I saw some of the smaller rooms and they did look small. I found the room and its furnishings to be of a good standard and the room to be very clean.Check in was easy and most staff spoke good english. The breakfast was quite satisfactory and I found the food and level of service to be of a good standard. Staff were available to answer my questions and provide helpful advise about local restaurants and how to get around, always enquiring if they could do anything else to help.It was located near the financial centre and in easy walking distance to Nathan Rd and the embassies. As always, cabs being so cheap, making getting around out of peak traffic times easy. A cab from the hotel to the Maglev train airport connection cost 40RMB. The only drawback I saw was a 10 minute walk to the underground, but then walking around Shanghai is always interesting.If you are after a good hotel with quite acceptable facilities and location, this is the pace. Hotel rates for some hotels in Shanghai can be high but I found this hotel be of a good standard and a very good price. I will return to this hotel on my next visit to Shanghai. If you are on business and want a clean and comfortable place to stay, this is it.	
May 20 2007 	Good hotel	I went to that hotel a bit afraid after reading the only review available at the Net, but the result was a a nice surprise,I travel a lot, mainly on business and although the Shaanxi cannont compare with international chains it was quite good, so was the price. I would rate this hotel in the medium range of the 4 stars type.Many different rooms to chose, if you want to upgrade from the basic for a moderate additional, slighty noisy at night with the motorway by. Beds are a bit hard, but after a day walking in the city, you don´t mind. The service was superb, always helpful with directions and checking that you wouldnt forget anything in the taxi. Some delays checking out. Food average, could be improved with some occidental food, but you are in China after all.Located 10 minutes front the center of the city, the fare would cost just above the minimun 11 RMB (1 euro), and 155 from Pudong airport.I would repeat this hotel next time I head for Shanghai.	
May 3 2007 	Who needs anything else	I've worked all over the Far East and stayed in some very nice hotels. So it was important to me that the only review I could fine on this hotel was accurate, which I have to say it's not! I found the Shaanxi to be a fine hotel, OK it’s not draped in the opulence some people might be used to nor is it practically good looking compared to others. But the service is excellent, advice on where to go, what to see and how to get places is second to none.Rooms are exposed to noisy traffic, but show me somewhere in Shanghai that isn’t!If I had one criticism it would be the 3rd floor restaurant, the food at my table was not that good, and a little overpriced. But again I ask the question, what the hell are you doing sitting in a hotel restaurant when there are so many other fabulous places to see and eat in Shanghai.Although the TV’s in the rooms are mainly for the Chinese (only one American channel – CNN) its spacious, clean, new and everything works, including the mini-bar fridge!!The beds are quite hard, which suited me but may not for others who prefer something a little softer! Nice décor and matching colour schemes are also important to me, and I was not disappointed.All in all a very nice hotel, with staff who are prepared to do anything for you, even make you a hot sandwich at 04:00 in the morning, simply would not happen in the UK. You will not be disappointed with your stay here, nor the bill at the end of your stay. Happy Travels!	
Mar 20 2006 	Basic basic basic	Traveling with two Chinese colleagues, one from Hong Kong and one from Taiwan, we stayed here for three nights. Room sizes varied widely. One was tiny, one medium and one was huge. The hotel seemed new and things were still pretty fresh. Even though a newer hotel, the carpet was showing the wear of past occupants.If you stay here you might want a room on the back side of the hotel. All the rooms on the front are almost literally on the freeway.The windows do what they can to shut out the noise, but its a major freeway. Even my colleagues were not enchanted with the breakfast buffet and were ready to hit the streets looking for some place else for breakfast or dim sum after the first day. The buffet was expensive for what was offered.This is the place if you need a clean room and the basics. It offers little in the way of charm or personality.The staff was helpful and there were English speakers on the staff in most areas. Taxis are readily available. I'd look for more interesting options for the same price that are a better value next time I am in Shanghai.	
