Oct 10 2009 	Great Hotel but small rooms	My stay at the City Hotel was wonderful. Service was excellent, the front desk personnel spoke great English, and they were helpful in recommending sites and restaurants in the area and happy to call cabs for me in the rainy weather. The rooms were very clean, we had a nice view of the city, and the bathrooms were very nice. The only flaw with the rooms is that our room was the smallest I had during my stay in China, but it was worth it given the hotel's amenities and service. The hotel is in a very nice neighborhood, 2 blocks from a Starbucks serving breakfast and lunch, and with lots of cute stores nearby. I would stay at the City Hotel again without hesitation.	
Oct 1 2009 	Good place for the business traveler	Did stay in this Hotel for 4 nights...had an fantastic room almost on the top floor with an breathtaking view over Shanghai...Pretty close to the old exhibition center and that´s what I was lookin for...Will stay there again next year.Don´t think that I would stay there for Holidays, most attractions are too far away, but anyhow...spending your holidays in Shanghai???? xcuse me?What was terrible: The breakfast...gosh that was bad....just had it once and that was enough...okay..no need for this...	
Aug 22 2009 	Definitely an excellent hotel	Extremely well situated right at the French concession; We booked thru Rates to go with an excellent rate of 42 euros/room however Rates to go service is just useless as they have forgotten to fax our reservation. City hotel managed to get us 2 double rooms, Very reliable and helpful staff. . We did not get any breakfast at the hotel as you can have the chinese breakfast (dumplings) for 10 yuan at 15 meters from the hotel or Star'bucks at 50 meters.We are extremely pleased with this hotel and will certainly come back for our next stay in Shanghai	
Aug 21 2009 	Surprinsingly very good	We stayed at this hotel for a week and based on my previous experience, this hotel is really good value for money. The faclilites are excellent and the staff is simly great, very helpful and always with a smile on thier face. Please be aware that they will tell you what you need to know and no more, I mean you wont get any proactive advise, for instance, if you ask how long a taxi will take from the hotel to the airport, they will say about an hour, but will not explain that there are road works on the way and could potentially take considerably more time. This s not an attitude is simply the way they are.This hotel is located right in the French Concession near beautiful shops and some hidden beautiful restaurants. (Avoid the restaurant on 1 South Shanxi Road if you are not adventurous). There is a wonderful little sort of eatery on Shanxi Road (left hand side of the hotel, same side walk - you need to cross the 1st street and then keep walking for around 50 metres) You can see how they cook dumplings. You need to buy tokens from the lady at the cashier and then exchange for the food you want. We had really unexpensive wonderful dinners there. Also their stuff is very friendly and very willing to give foraigners a hand. I would go again anytime	
Jun 9 2009 	Exceptional MGMT 	As a traveler you always dread the unexpected surprises when traveling, especially after a tiring day or a long trip. Not here....everyday was a reward to one's self for a job well done. The City Hotel and it's staff where exeptionally accomodating and quick to please. A reflection of it's management attitude to provide 5 star service and exceptionally reasonable rates. It is convienetly located to great shopping, good restaurants and the metro is a short 12 minute walk away. You can only pay more to find a hotel with this level of comfort and service. All of the hotels in house restaurants provide stellar food and service. Its also a great place to relax, have a quiet business cocktail and enjoy great fare at reasonable prices. With its fitness center, in house spa there is absolutely no reason to leave. I now call City Hotel home when traveling to Shanghai. Thank You to the Mgmt for a job well done and for making me feel like I was someone special! Jerry Lee Gomez San Antonio, Texas	
Mar 28 2009 	Positive experience	I spent 6 nights in City Hotel with freinds. we were on the 25th level. It was awsome. The neighbourhood is clean, lots of shopping, transportation...Staff are freindly.	
Sep 25 2008 	Perfect Location	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights during our September trip to Shanghai.We really liked this hotel for several reasons:1. Location - It is situated in very close to the old French Concession area of Shanghai, so if you want to walk around and take a look at the &quot;old&quot; Shanghai of 20s and 30s - it's a perfect place. Also, two blocks away is West Najing road with TWO huge brand new malls, which house all of the brand shops you expect to see in a major city - D&amp;G, LV, Armani, Versace, etc. So if you're into shopping - the location is excellent. Also this hotel is away from the major tourist areas, so you won't find big crowds of peddlers of fake goods (DVDs, bags, watches, etc) as you might closer to the Bund or East Nanjing Road.2. Food - there are several restaurants in the hotel, including an Excellent Japanese sushi restaurant, American Steakhouse and a tradition Chinese restaurant. It's very hard to find a place in Shanghai that has all those choices under one roof. Plus two blocks away in modern malls on Nanjing road you'll find more restaurants choices - Western, Chinese, mixed, etc.3. Service - everyone is very friendly and helpful.Rooms were pretty good, nothing exceptional, but very clean and had everything we expected to have. Plenty of English channels on TV, which is always nice to have in China.We actually paid extra to substitute this hotel for another hotel, because of its' location and we weren't disappointed.	
Mar 24 2008 	Average simple business hotel	Average Shanghai business hotel 2km south west from People square. In my opinion a good solution for whoever is looking for a clean hotel, quiet at an affordable price. Service is good, english speaking personal. The breakfast is above average.The main weakness is the swimming pool and fitness room. The best is to consider that there is none.	
Apr 30 2007	Avoid this hotel!	A group of 6 people rented three rooms for the period 19-24 April, and then 4 people stayed yet another night between 25-26 April in this place.During checkout on the 24th, one of our rooms was quite full with boxes, bags and suitcases. In this chaotic situation one of the cabin bags was left either inside the room or outside the room, but not with us. Returning to the hotel later that day, we realized that this bag is missing. To make a long story short:- it took two hours to convince hotel personnel to look for this bag, which then was found partly emptied- the hotel acted very rudely towards us, like it was our fault- despite our repeated attempts we never received any papers enlisting the damage we suffered. We finally received a Chinese-language fax which is probably the Shanghai Police notice of the events.- the hotel made us feel like idiots and to make matters worse upon our return, one of the bellboys dropped a suitcase and damaged another.My advice is to avoid this hotel, there are so many other nice, clean hotels around!	
Jan 4 2007 	Unpretentious but good hotel	I stayed at City Hotel in Shanghai for ten days, from the 18th to the 28th of December and I spent a nice holiday there. First of all the location: The location is ideal, five minutes walking from the central Shanxi Nan lu metro station, in the French Connection, one of the best areas in Shanghai. The staff is friendly and helpful and at the front desk there are ladies who speak English. I know people who stayed in other four stars hotels in Shanghai were nobody of the staff spoke English...;-( I changed rooms twice, the first one at the no-smoking 10th floor and the second at the no-smoking 17th floor, both very clean, confortable and with a nice view of the futuristic scenery of Shanghai. They were both superior standard rooms so that the cheapest ones but, anyhow, very nice.I had breakfast few times in the hotel. It is not included in the room rate and it cost 80RMB, about 8 euros/ a day. It is not too bad but I agree with the previous review of Mr. Amherst: the staff is not always very friendly. By the way, there is a Starbucks 3 minutes far from the hotel where sometimes I had my breakfast. I did not try the restaurants and the cafè in the hotel.The only bad thing of the hotel was the deposit they asked me in advance the first day I arrived. I had already paid all the amount for the room through Expedia but they asked me 3000RMB (300RMB per day) for any possible service I would use for the forthcoming days. I refused to pay all this money so I gave them 600RMB for the deposit that I had back the last day.Besides, the 24hour music cable radio on the corridors of the floors is simply terrible.	
Dec 19 2006 	An OK hotel	The hotel's location is ideal, somewhere in between the Huaihai Zhong Lu in the old French Concession and the Nanjing Xi Lu, with a comfortable distance.I made the reservation on the internet through a travel agency in Shanghai, and was informed that I would pay my bills to the hotel directly. I fount the people at the front dest were very friendly. Later in my room, I somehow forgot about the little keyholding box by the door. When a bellboy took my luaggage into my room and left, I could not find the room key, which the bellboy had left at the door key holding box. I called the front desk telling the person that I could not find the key. They duplicated the key for me immediately in a friendly manner.The only place I feel needed improvement was the Vienna Room at the breakfast time. The services were VERY uneven. Sometime the service was friendly and efficient, but in other morrnings the services were cold, negligence, and VERY bad. The hotelroom service was good. Cleaning ladies were conscientious. I particularly remember a cleaning lady on the 10th floor, Ms. Wu Yuxia. Still, after a few days staying at the hotel, I haven't used to take the roomkey out with me when I went out, and I forgot the key in the room and could not get in. I found Ms. Wu Yuxia and told her about this. She helped me by making several phone calls, and finally openned the door for me. She apologized that she must follow the rules before letting me into my room. This was evident of a responsible employee at the hotel. I believe she deserves my thanks and respect.I also found that the bellboys and people at the hotel gate were quite friendly.I stayed at the hotel for five days, but I did not have chance to taste the several restaurants in the hotel.	
Dec 6 2006 	Never been in any bad place like this before	It needs at least 2 pages to describe all feelings I got from this hotel. I've been in many hotels around the world, only cheap hotels made me feel a bit upset (not much coz I know what I should get for that rate).At City hotel, even smiling was quite hard to get at the first step of arrival. That's the 1st thing. The 2nd, my flight arrived Shanghai at 6:30 p.m. so, I asked the hotel to keep the room for me. They asked me for the credit card guarantee even my company sent reservation letter at least 2 weeks prior. So, my company sent the comfirmation letter to the hotel again as City hotel is one of our contracted hotels.The 3rd thing was, they asked for credit card guarantee which is fine for me if they just did it for guarantee. But what they did was blocking a whole amount of staying, 9 nights plus personal expenses 300 RMB per day. It was charged 8,100 RMB at the first night!!! And what made me so angry is that amount is blocking my credit line, STILL! (I checked-out from this hotel since Nov. 29, 2006. The actual amount already cut from my credit card but the guarantee amount is still there.) The 4th was, the services at Front desk, cafe at the 4th floor and else were ineffective. Some of them couldn't understand English at all. The 5th, I ordered breakfast box on only WEEKDAY since I had to go to work very early morning. And I wrote on the paper to show the receptionist that I didn't want any on WEEKEND. What I got was EVERYDAY boxes even on the last night I called the receptionist to inform that I wanted to wake up late on the departure date. The receiver didn't understand what I said then sent room service girl to ask what I want again. I did explain to her again and she seemed understand it very well. Guess what I got, I got the box at 6 a.m. as everyday!!!The 6th, I always got all services from the receptionists without any smiling. Only a few girls there can smile and know how to deal with guests. For me, some of bell boys at concierge can speak and understand English much better than receptionists and also know the word, service-mind quite well. Moreover, it's a bit ridiculous for me when I, a guest, had to greet them first everytime we met. Being nice is not suitable for this hotel, I guess. :PAnyway, maybe, I expected too much for the rate, 862 RMB per night. What I can say for this hotel, its location is the best thing nothing else.	
Jun 2 2006	Nice clean tourist class hotel in great area	I booked a 3 night stay here via Travelocity - deluxe room was reasonably priced at 104 USD per night. This was attractive compared to the chain hotels whose rates were at least 50% more. The location is in the French Concession on a main road with lots of boutiques and little shops. About 4 blocks from the metro stop (Shan Xi road), which is a huge shopping area as well. Safe area at night - no problems walking alone or getting a taxi.The front desk staff speak reasonable English and buffet breakfast was included in my room rate, which was convenient. Food was average with a selection of western and Asian choices. There are only a couple floors that are non-smoking (4?) and the room was very clean. The bed was a little low (no boxspring) but nice and firm mattress with lots of pillows. Bottled water (2) was provided in the bathroom and replenished daily - which I needed for brushing my teeth (don't drink the tap water!). The light system was a bit complex to deal with - I could not find a setting to shut of all the lights for bedtime. In the end, I simply removed the room key from the power setting at the door.The crowd at the hotel appeared to be mostly tour groups from Europe and parts of Asia, with the occasional vacationing couple. Would stay here again if the rates were still relatively reasonable.	
Jun 1 2006	Nothing bad to say about this hotel	Shanghai City Hotel was a positive suprise for me and my mom who really expected just a shabby 2-3 star hotel. The hotel has recently been renovated and everything was new and clean.The staff where very friendly and did indeed speak english. At least so much that we where able to conduct our buissness and the needed services e.g. getting a taxi, adresses written in Chinese, using internet,exchanging money. Certainly the hotel is worth more than 3 stars, it is if not a 4 star at least 3++. The price is very cheap compared to what I would rate the hotel and the location couldn`t be better. 5-10min walk to nearest metro station(Shanxinan road) and taxis always waiting outsaid the hotel. The &quot;doorman&quot; always very polite greets you and asks if you need a taxi.Then he goes and gets it for you and even tells the driver in Chinese where you want to go. Be sure to take the hotels card, on which it reads in Chinese the adress of the hotel, whith you when you go by taxi so that you can show it to the driver when you come back. We stayd 6 nights in the hotel, booked by the internet the superior room, whitout breakfast. (Cost about 200 euros/person)Everything went smoothly, we even tryed the brekfast for a couple of mornings and where very pleast whith it. I would certainly use this hotel again when returning to Shanghai. It was cheap, well located,(just beside Hengshang Moller Villa) clean, renewed, friendly and just 5-10 min walk to Nanjing or Huihai shopping street, metro or Xiangyang &quot;fake market&quot;. Sadly the fake market will be moving to some other location in July 2006.	
Mar 2 2006	Fantastic breakfast	I was amazed at the helpfull nature of the staff and there willingness to try to speak english. I was a few months pregnant and the breakfast did more than needed to satisfy me and the baby, it was varied and great. We Only stayed 2 nights back in April 05 and its ideal location to the famed fashion market and Yu Yen gardens was great. Will be going back to Shanghai again in March 06 and will definatly stay in the this hotel.Did not realise till leaving there is a cash machine in the lobby tucked away round the corner, so much easier than trying to change sterling at the desk.Forgot to submit review last year!	
Feb 9 2006 	More than 2 stars	I was surprised to see this hotel rated as only 2 stars, perhaps because I stayed in an &quot;executive&quot; room on a nonsmoking floor. I would give it 3 stars, and would stay there again.I had one serious problem, which was that the room smelled of sewage the first night. However, the smell was gone by the next morning and did not return except faintly in the bathroom from time to time. I suspect that if I had complained they would have moved me to another room.The room was nicely decorated and clean, if a bit small. The free internet connection worked well, though I would recommend leaving your computer off or disconnecting it from net when unattended. Note that internet is free in executive rooms, and costs extra in other rooms. The internet fee almost equals the difference between a deluxe and executive room, so you might as well go for the executive level if you want internet access.The light switches by the bed were a little illogical -- the left-hand switch operated the right-hand light and vice versa. English TV channels are minimal. Sound insulation seemed good, and you can open the windows slightly even though it's a high rise. The location is convenient to most of downtown Shanghai.The included buffet breakfast is reasonable quality and presents limitless opportunities for stuffing yourself. The Western food doesn't vary much from day to day, but the Chinese dishes seemed to change more. I didn't sample the other food.The staff is friendly, but the level of English is uneven. I had better luck face to face than on the phone.The executive room rate includes free laundry service for one tee-shirt. I found out later that this is per *stay*, not per day, which seems stingy for a long stay.	
Nov 12 2005 	It's good	I didn't want to pay lots of money and some hotels are now very expensive and not very Chinese. I took a suite at City which cost $160 ish. I was very pleased with it. It's Chinese and whilst room service doesn't always come exactly as ordered, they will immediately go fetch bits you wanted with a willing heart. I stayed for 6 nights and found the staff friendly, helpful and will refuse a tip if offered! It is well situated to see the sites. It made my trip really enjoyable and will use it again because it's Shanghai, some of the other hotels,you could be anywhere in the world.	
Apr 20 2005 	Great location good value	This is a nice hotel that is within walking or short cab distance from almost everywhere we went in Shanghai. The common areas are beautiful and the rooms are above average (mine was a little worn, but clean). One thing I liked about this hotel is that I could open the window in my room. The internet connection in room was fine, and they have a business center that can help with a variety of services. Breakfast was included with the room and they had a wide selection of Asian and European foods. My only complaint is that the staff doesn't speak English well enough to consistently get you the food, information, or directions that you need. The supervisors can help, but we had a few mis-ques that were annoying.	
Nov 19 2009 	????????		
Sep 6 2009 	????		
Feb 25 2009 	???????????????		
Jan 2 2009 	???????????????		
