Nov 1 2009 	GREAT HOTEL AND STAFF	Stayed for 1 weeks in a suite on 33rd floor , rooms large very clean, shower and bath great no problems at all. Food excellent very friendly staff, Johnny the var manager a very friendly guy.	
Oct 11 2009 	They were on it.	I just stayed two days at the Longemont and I had a very good experience. I booked the hotel online via expedia I believe and left a note requesting a room with a view at a high floor number. Looks like they read it since I got my room on the 46th of about 56 floors. Great view which was part of my plan to get a good understanding of the extent of the city. I only saw a slice of it, but I now know its ginormous for real.Great attentive service and clean rooms. Not very tacky, and things seemed to had been properly installed. I never figured out how to change the AC form 21C but i never bothered to call the reception. Very quick turnaround on the service. I called down and asked for a map. They answer right away and I had a map delivered within a minute or 2. I also stayed long in the room (3pm) one day and forgot to tell them I went out in case they could clean the room. But they figured that out and I returned to a fresh room! Stuff like that makes me impressed.I slept through the breakfast buffet (not included in my price for some reason) both days and ended up ordering from the ala carte menu in the all-day-restaurant. I picked the Japanese breakfast which was uninspiring and pricey at 138 RMB or so with service fee. IT was the only meal I had at the hotel so I couldnt tell if the food was generally boring.	
Sep 27 2009 	Phenomenal Hotel	This place was our final stay during our tour package. Pretty amazing hotel, I must say. It easily rivaled some of the best hotels I've ever stayed in in the US. Beautiful rooms, very luxurious, amazing lobby. The breakfast was very good, not outstanding, but it was very good. I was expecting more since the hotel itself is so awesome, but I have no complaints about the breakfast. The chef of the breakfast is a European guy, so the Euro stuff is good, but the Asian stuff is not so good. Otherwise, it was a great hotel, no question.	
Sep 26 2009 	Originally The Regent but still very nice	There has been an ownership change &amp; the Regent name has been removed, but the hotel is still 5 star quality. The location may be a problem for some, but with taxi's so cheap in Shanghai, it's only $3-4 USD to get to The Bund or Pudong. Large rooms, oversized bathrooms with separate tub &amp; shower, &amp; some rooms have bathroom walls that slide open to the rest of the room. The facility has the usual Regent high quality touches &amp; attention to design detail. Try to get a corner Studio with room numbers that end with 02 or 13, &amp; you'll be impressed by the larger spaces. Spectacular views on a clear day, since the hotel occupies the top floors of a 50+ story office building. Fantastic roof top infinity pool &amp; one of the most impressive gyms I've seen at any hotel. Great restaurants, wonderful soft beds compared to most in China, &amp; top notch service. Priced as you would expect for 5 star quality.	
Aug 1 2009 	Good modern hotel........	Stayed for 2 nights with my husband after business trip in Zhejiang province. Hotel reception very large, clean and modern, staff efficient and friendly. Our double room was on 26 floor and at first appearance looked very modern and tidy. However, upon closer inspection some of the furniture and fittings were dented/scratched and the computer desk had dried in food stains. Carpets needed a good wash as they looked grubby. Double bed was very comfortable though. Wireless internet free in your room and we had a large plasma TV too.There was lots to choose from the buffet breakfast, from Chinese congee to pastries, cereals, baked beans, bacon, sausages ands fresh fruit to name a few. We ate out in the evening around Shanghai city as it was a lot cheaper than the hotel's restaurants.This hotel is a bit out the way from the centre of Shanghai and is not near any public train system therefore we got around by taxi which we picked up outside the hotel. Taxis are cheap to get around Shanghai.	
Jun 21 2009 	No hot water	Overall excellent rooms, but downgraded to 2 stars as no hot water in the early morningPlace felt clinical and unfriendlyVery comfortable bedsLocation - not in tourist area but you are only 5-10 mins away by taxi.... not really much to see in Shanghai (certainly NOT a tourist destination)Shanghai is very polluted and overcast all the time - would not recommend it to anyoneI gave this a 2 star as there was no hot water for the shower despite fiddling with the setting for over 5 minutesOn check out the staff didnt ask what I thought of my stay, how was the room, etc so I wasnt able to comment and with indifferent staff I didnt see the point in feeding back the fact that my stay was spoilt by having to have a cold showerI wouldnt stay again	
Jun 14 2009 	Excellent hotel!	We stayed here for four nights after spending three nights in Peninsula Beijing...It's a former Regent hotel and we payed it about 100 USD per night/room. We had a rom on 20-something floor and we were amazed with it. The view was perfect, windows floor to ceiling, big bath-tub, walk-in shower with lights inside and you really feel perfect. You've got everything you need to have in 5 star hotel. Location is on the way from smaller airport to the city center and you need 20 minutes to the Bund, depends on traffic. This was one of the best hotels I ever stayed in, for me much better than Peninsula in Beijing...	
Jun 13 2009 	Awesome Hotel 	Stayed here for 9 nights at the Corner Suite on the 51st Floor, The view from the hotel is simply amazing and one can see the Shanghai Skyline from the full glass walls of the bathroom !!! Awestruck is what you feel from there. Most hotel would not have rooms of the size of the bathrooms here with Aigner Amenities and rain shower and jaccuzzi you feel like a king in a castle. The rooms are contemporary decor with plush furnishingsThe Staff of the hotel is very warm and friendly and the ever smiling and helpful concierge would never let you feel out of place. While on the move from the hotel the concierge would always make sure that the Taxi Driver takes you to the right place and the name of the place are always handed over to the guest scribbled in mandarin with a return card that you could hand over to the cab driver which says &quot;My Residence in Shanghai&quot; with the address of the hotel printed in Mandarin and English.The service at the hotel is simply superb with excellent food, the lobby bar comes alive in the night with live piano and signing performance by a pop duo. Amici the Italian Dining at the hotel offers excellent food and is very highly rated in Shanghai. Even the breakfast at the breakfast lounge is a very vast buffet spread with huge choices between western and hot asian breakfast.The Hotel is situated in the city centre but is slightly away from tourist spots like The Bund or the Nanjing Road but that is hardly of much consequence, its no more than a 20 minute cab ride. One can easily accept this little fact as Shanghai city centre itself is quite huge. For those who wish to avoid the shanghai traffic its a 500M walk to the nearest MRT or Metro from this place which connects you to the Nanjing Lu	
May 4 2009 	Excellent hotel	We stayed at the Longemont in April 2009 and had a truly excellent stay.We were fortunate enough to stay in a suite on the corner of floor 43 where the views are absolutely stunning. The room was immaculately clean and had 2 42&quot; flat screen TV's with just about every other convenience you could wish for. The bathroom was absolutely enormous with a huge cylindrical glass shower that looked out over the view.Breakfast was served in the very spacious and extremely comfortable club lounge and had freshly baked European style bread, and a variety of western and Asian hot and cold foods - significantly better than many other club lounges I've visited.Service was impeccable - at one stage the hotel a/c failed and we complained on our way out. When we returned 4 hours later they had left a note in the room apologising and giving us the results of the temperature tests they had conducted twice whilst we were out.The reception areas is very pleasant with a great bar and lovely coffee shop where they bake their own bread.We would definitely recommend the Longemont.	
Apr 3 2009 	For modern tech savvy travellers	Overall fantastic...where do I start? Stayed in a suite on the club floor....it had everything. Lots of plugs of various types (no need for adapters) in all the places you'd expect them to be. Nice LCD TV, iPOD docking station, hi-speed internet, lights switches everywhere so you don't even need to get out of the bed just in case you forgot to turn a light off. Even have individual lighting for reading whilst in bed.Overall the interior design was planned out very well, its modern, spacious, the beds are amazing and so are the pillows (normally what I tend to complain a lot about), towels are huge too. They've even thought about things such as a magazine rack next to the toilet for people who enjoy having a read whilst...hmm...The only down side regarding the room would be the water pressure from the shower which I thought could be better.Location? about 10-15mins away from Nanjing, not much around the hotel except for a bunch of massage places :) So if you're looking at taking a stroll out of the hotel and doing some shopping stay at the Hilton.One of the best overall experiences at a hotel I've been at in a while. I choose hotels not based on the name, but more on the facilities, room design and overall review from other travellers.You should check out the Wynn in Macau which is also spectacular or for those on a slightly tighter budget, Star World Hotel, located opposite which is very, very similar to the Longemont.	
Apr 2 2009 	Thank You for our great stay at The Longemont!	My husband and I have just returned from 7 nights at the Longemont Shanghai and we enjoyed our stay there immensely. I had booked the hotel based on previous reviews on Tripadvisor and I was a little worried as there weren't any reviews for 2009. However, I got a great deal which included buffet breakfasts for two, which I just couldn't pass up. In addition, I also was a bit weary about comments about the Longemont's location.... The first day we arrived at the hotel, via a taxi from Pudong Airport, it was 9:00 a.m. and check-in wasn't supposed to be until 2:00 p.m., so I was expecting them to turn us away and simply store our luggage. But no, they asked no questions and happily gave us the key to our room on the 40th floor. We were most impressed and extremely pleased as well!! The staff were all very attentive and pleasant everyday. The buffet breakfast was amazing, both Asian and Western food catered for. The room was lovely and spacious. The Metro only 10 minutes walk from the hotel, which was great because the taxis, although cheap, wasted a lot of time in traffic, which drove me nuts. I enjoyed the thrill and excitement of taking the Metro (Jiangsu Rd. Station (Line 2)), to anywhere we wanted to go. It was very simple and inexpensive (3 or 4 rmb each/each way). We also felt comfortable to walk at night and eat outside the hotel. We had a fabulous meal at the famous Restaurant 1221 our last night. It is just across the road, about a 5 minutes walk. We also enjoyed a fabulous Seafood buffet on Friday night at the hotel, which was amazing and very well priced. The seafood, the vege dishes, etc., and even the desserts were to die for. I cannot remember the last time I ate so much, but we ate slowly and paced ourselves so as to savour every bite. The Longemont is a great hotel, and I highly recommend it. I am a very picky person and I wasn't sure what to expect, but I was certainly impressed by what I found at the Longemont. I am sure you will be too! The Longemont for me was my home away from home and I felt extremely comfortable there. There was not a need that they couldn't cater for. Congratulations to the Longemont Shanghai for a job well done!!! We will most definitely be back again! Many Thanks!	
Dec 8 2008 	Enjoyed it Very Much	I was visiting my son who is studying in Shanghai and stayed for 2 nights . My room on 45th floor had an excellent view. The room is the best I've been in Shanghai with huge bathroom and and a large 40&quot; flat TV. The internet is included which was a nice surprise. I've stayed at several others 5 stars hotels in Shnaghai but this one is the best of all. Check in was a breeze, the concierge was very helpfull, the buffets one of the best in China (I tried them all: breakfast, lunch and dinner) with a great selection of western food. A little away from the main tourist areas, but very easy to get taxis anyways. In all a wonderfull experience. I recommend it to both business and leisure travelers.	
Oct 31 2008 	Longemont is # 1	I am a business travler. I have stayed at many of the top hotels in Shanghai over the past 15 years. None of them compare to the Longemont (formerly the Regent) in terms of value.It is a 5 star hotel for the price of a 4 star with free internet and many other perks. This October was my 5th stay at the hotel....the first 3 were while the it was still managed by the Regent. I was a bit apprehensive with the change of management but it has had no negative affect on quality or service. I would recomend this hotel to everyone and anyone looking for a great deal.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great Place to Stay	Period Of Stay:21-July-2008 to 27-July-2008Booking:We booked the hotel online through Agoda, which was a really good price and didn’t have any problems with it.Check-In:No problems with check-in, nice and quick. They also offered us an upgrade to the next type of room, which we declined.Room:3615 The room was really nice and well designed. The bathroom was nice and big, not like some hotels which give you a matchbox. The view wasn’t that great but still nice in the night with the lights from the other buildings.The only two annoying things about the room were the lights, when you would turn the light on/off in the bathroom and the other lights in the room were off, it would turn the lights on above the bed, which was very annoying for the other person in bed. The other annoying thing was the fridge, for the first 3 days it would never get cold, it finally got really cold on the last 3 days of the stay.Hotel Facilities: - Internet Access – this was free and quite good, although it seemed a lot of the sites wouldn’t work, but still a usable service - Pool/Gym – Only went down and viewed these, they both looked really nice. - Restaurants – Had breakfast included with the room, this was at O2on2, the food was good, but it did get boring after the 4th morning as it was the same each morning; we went to have dinner at the Chinese restaurant our last night there, we sat down and went to order, but most of the items on the menu weren’t available (no chicken or beef), so we went back to the O2on2 for dinner that night.Location:The location most likely isn’t the best in Shanghai and we were worried about that when we first got there. But after a couple of days and getting some idea of where we were it wasn’t a bad location at all. There was a subway about a 5-10 minute walk away, which then made getting around easy. Also cause the taxi’s are so cheap we used them when we couldn’t be bothered walking to the subway.There are a fair amount of places to eat around the hotel and mini-marts everywhere too.Check-Out:No problems at all, nice and quick.Overall:We would be happy to stay here again as it was a very nice place to stay, even on the night of my birthday the hotel put a birthday cake in our room which was really nice of them.The hotel had changed names from “The Regent Shanghai” to “The Longement Shanghai” which was why the Regent signs had been taken down.	
Aug 26 2008 	Decent Hotel	Unlike the other reviews on Trip Advisor, I found the hotel to be decent. I stayed at this property in March 2008. My room at the 22nd floor offered good view of the city. The room was basic, but decent enough for a good night sleep after days hard work. The bathroom had a separate shower capsule (which was a little bit cramped up) and a bath tub. The hotel's lobby is worth a word. It’s quite spacious and attractive. Besides breakfast (which used to be good, with a choice of Chinese and international cuisines), I never had an opportunity to eat food in the hotel. Overall a good place to stay if you are in Shanghai for work, specially if you are visiting some office in the Yan An Road.	
Aug 7 2008 	Going downhill offhand service awful location	I was booked into another hotel but moved to the Regent on the basis of various things i read online especially the glowing comments about the pool. A big mistake as the pool was closed for 3 weeks when i was there. Don't get me wrong this is not terrible hotel and to the undiscerning traveller it may even be perceived to be good. But I have an irritating eye for detail and I am quite spoiled so I always notice the bad things quickly. Firstly, here are the good things so it doesn't get too one-sided....the views from most of the rooms, probably all, are amazing, esp from the bathrooms.....the rooms are quite modern and big and the beds are big....and in general it is a 4/ 41/2 satar hotel. But not quite 5 and certainly not 5+. Why not? Firstly, the staff are pretty offhand and take no real interest in you either on checkin or checkout or at any other time. They have a functional approach rather than a hospitable one. Secondly, the hotel was not shiny and clean and there was grime in some areas, cracked paintwork, worn carpets etc. Even the sign outside the hotel was broken thus making it hard to find. Thirdly, many things were being renovated during my stay including the pool which i was not told about when i booked. no compensation or apologies made regarding the pool just a cold letter (4 in fact) in my room on arrival informing me that many things were being renovated. Finally and most importantly, the location is awful. It is far far from the centre of things, maybe an hour at worst but normally at least half an hour therefore meaning you spend most of your day on the motorwy going backwards and forwards. I found this so irritating i checked out early even though i had pre-paid and went instead to the JW Mariott which is in a totally and utterly different class and much better location. One final note, the hotel changed hands in July 2008, and is now dual-named altho not sure how long this will last. It is no longer a Regent anyway. The new name is the Ridgemount or Longmount or something having to do with mount. But it is not a Regent any more. Maybe they, like me, decided it wasn't up to scratch and wanted to get rid of it. Not recommended.	
Jul 12 2008 	Only a 4star Regent	We selected the Regent because of its name and previous experiences in Regent Hotels. This is definitely not the 5star Regents we were used to. They have taken over from another 4star chain and that is what is today. The hotel itself is already pretty used if you just take a closer look. Nothing of the elegance and cleanliness of a typical Regent Hotel. The coffee shop has some tables along the windows with glass table tops. Unfortunately the tops had moved slightly off their normal position and we looked right at the breadcrumbs and other dirt between the edge of the table and the glass top. Nobody dared to clean that and to shift the tops back into their position. The menus were heavily used without many choices, the buffet quite poor. The chinese &quot;open&quot; restaurant had the smallest menue I have ever seen in a chinese restaurant. The post cards which we handed to the Bell captain (and paid for the stamps) have not arrived anywhere after 3 weeks. As a Regent a disappointment and I shall have a closer look at their buildings in the future because the picture I saw is misleading. Overall just average.	
Jun 13 2008 	Amazing	This, it has to be said is one of the best hotels that i've ever stayed in. The view of it when you first arrive is magnificant. The rooms were beyond luxurious and the lobby was beautiful. It has the most amazing pool. The staff were curtious and friendly and we felt very welcomed. The food was delicious. The hotel was just amazing and made the holiday one of the best that we've ever had. Definately recommend this to anyone. 5 Star.	
Apr 20 2008 	Disappointed with The Regent	We booked the 'romantic package' for our last night in China. This included welcome flower set up, sparkling wine, 15 minute massage and afternoon high tea.Unfortunately the staff did not seem aware that this package existed.Check in took a long time and we were met with a blank look when we explained the type of package we had booked. It took some persuading to convince the waiter that afternoon tea was included in our rate.The lady in the Spa did not seem happy about the fact one of us had a complimentary 15 minute massage. The sparkling wine eventually arrived late evening and the welcome flower set up was non-existent.The best part of our stay was the excellent massages we had at beauty salon a two minute walk from the hotel!	
Apr 14 2008 	Loved the regent	I had the pleasure of staying at the Regent Shanghai for a travel conference and was greeted with a suite perched high on the 30th floor. The hotel was fabulous and the service exceptional. The facilities for dining, relaxing and working out where first class and I would have no hesitation recommending this five star hotel to others.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great hotel	This is a great hotel, although so high!!!! I stayed on 41st floor, the highest room I have been in for a long time...Maybe next time I would choose a slightly lower floor, 20???Great rooms, love the bath being almost in the bedroom (shutters can be opened to achieve this or closed off if this is your preference).Nice bars (try the cigar bar which nobody seems to know about, really nice decor and intimate set-up for private conversations, nobody was smoking cigars when i was in there , thankfully).Amici Italian restaurant, great food and service.Regent has a great name and this hotel lives up to its reputation. I wopuld stay there again.	
Mar 21 2008 	Exceeded expectations	When it comes to hotels, I am hard to please and to be frank I wasn't expecting much when I booked the Regent. From previous trips to China, I knew that the country's strongest point wasn't its hospitality industry. Yet, I was positively impressed.First, the service was seamless. I would leave the room to go to breakfast and upon my return the room was made. I would go for a few hours, and the supply of water bottles was replenished. And so on. Interestingly, I never saw a housekeeping cart or anyone hanging around in the corridors. Things were just happening behind the scenes, out of sight. I like that.Service was effective and responsive. For example, I needed some urgent items and they did the shopping very quickly for me. As an aside, I gave the guy some money for the shopping, which turned out to be fake. So he had to pay for the stuff himself, and he was adamant that he didn't want any extra money. I did pay him again, of course, but I liked the genuine attempt to empathise.One small problem: I asked one of the staff for directions to a cafe where I could sit in the sun to enjoy a cuppa. He directed me fairly poorly to a Starbucks that I never found. Upon coming back from my useless search for the starbucks I found exactly the kind of cafe I was after literally a few meters away, opposite the hotel. I'm not sure what the guy was thinking! Really, they're not great with directions.I was impressed with the food, both Asian and Western. I ordered some room service and was truly blown away by the pizza! Well, I was starving at the time, but it was great pizza nonetheless...The location was good (short and cheap taxi rides to everywhere), the view from my room on the 51st floor was fabulous, and the breakfast buffet was one of the most varied and tastiest I have experienced.Internet in the room was free (so it should be!!), the TV was large and even had connectors to plug in laptops etc (a great and unusual touch!!), the choice of TV channels was good, the shower and bathroom were outstanding (though some items were made of plastic, but good plastic at least) and the staff was friendly.As I said, it really exceeded expectations and I have given it an &quot;excellent&quot; rating. A rarity for me!	
Feb 2 2008 	Opulent but not downtown	A real five star hotel. 20 minutes by taxi to main shopping district. Amazing swimming pool and gym. We stayed on level 45 - seemed like the tallest building in town. They supplied a DVD player complimentary - flat screen TV in all rooms. Bathroom was first class except had sliding doors - not a big deal. Some noise carried through when adjoing room had TV loud. Multiple restaurants in hotel and they were good. Japanese restaurant nearby. Also near two corner stores - mini supermarkets like 7/11's. This hotel is 30 minutes from the domestic airport. The international airport (Pudong) is 60+ minutes drive - Sunday traffic. Was difficult to get taxi's when raining and as the hotel is not in the centre of town. Great for business meetings. For travel Shanghai was a dissapointment - Beijing was amazing. For shopping Shanghai has endless shopping centres will many famous brands.	
Dec 20 2007 	Great Hotel Great Value	This was my fourth stay at the Regent this year as it ticked all my boxes. Extremely comfortable rooms, spacious bathrooms, good gym and pool, slightly out of the centre so did not get caught up in the awful Shanghai traffic when going out on business. However to get to the centre for leisure, out of the rush hour, was only about 1GB pound and a few minutes in one of the abundant taxis. The all you can eat buffet in the large restaurant catered for almost any type of food; Chinese, pasta, salads, shellfish, western meats / vegetables and a wide selection of desserts all for around 12 GBP. Check in staff a bit grumpy, couldn't fathom the air-conditioning but they would be my only gripes. Definitely worth a stay.	
Dec 3 2007 	Missed food in hotel lobby...	Of course the hotel was good, it's the Regent!Great room with great view at the 43rd floor. Huge bathroom with all kinds of toiletries.But when we arrived at 5 pm and wanted to have a little snack before dining in the city, we were disappointed. No snack in the hotel lobby! We could join the high tea, but only the full package. For a snack we were sent to 1 of the restaurants in the hotel.So we took 2 starters at the Italian restaurant. Of course we were the only guests at that time! And the restaurant staff was obviously disappointed that we didn't take a main course as well, a pity.	
Oct 21 2007 	Excellent Hotel	I was looking for the best hotel for the price. I read the very mixed reviews on this website. After checking the hotel, Fodors guide etc. I decided to take a chance. It is a stunning hotel with spacious modern rooms. The &quot;plastic&quot; bathroom bowl was very practical and nothing else in the room was cheaply made. The beds are very comfortable. Every encounter with staff was friendly and helpful. The swimming pool is spectacular. Do get the breakfast included as the choice is abundant. This was a super hotel especially for the price.	
Sep 18 2007 	Gee this is a REGENT?	It wasn't &quot;get me out of here&quot; bad, but they can't seriously call this a 5 star hotel. Staff: some very nice and friendly, others curt, careless, at best disinterested, like the bar manager who worked her calculator for 5 minutes whilst we were waiting with the Evil Eye for her to notice us for a drinks menu. Rooms are okay but shouldn't they be more than that - small, such low lighting it's annoying, sloppy cleaning, inconsistent housekeeping (no shampoo for 2 days and a 35 minute wait to get some). And that nice-looking plasma - don't expect it to work well or at all for hours at a time.Food's great - breakfast and the Sunday brunch was fab. Good gym and pool.But The Regent has got to do something about the people who let them down really badly. But does anyone at The Regent Shanghai actually care?	
Sep 11 2007 	Fantastic luxury property	Overall, I loved the Regent. There were some complaints listed in profiles that were somewhat justified but it's all about expectations. It's a very new property on the western edge of the former French Concession. As such, it's technically central Shanghai but on the edge of it. That said, it's never more than a 15 minute taxi ride to anywhere in Puxi. Taxi drivers may not know it if you try to tell them and don't speak Chinese but the 'take me to' card from the hotel works very well. It's also very convenient for domestic flights from Hongqiao airport (and took under an hour to Pudong airport). The hotel is beautiful (though they should have chosen real porcelain washbasins but that's a small criticism). I stayed twice in August and September 2007. Both rooms were great and fairly large with fantastic views. The hotel has a beautiful infinity edge pool overlooking the city from a glass-enclosed aerie on the 26th floor. Service was always excellent and very professional. I would definitely stay at the Regent in Shanghai again.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great place	Spent there 2 nights in Aug 2007 and it's definitely lovely.What I care about in a hotel is cleanliness in the first place and The Regent Shanghai met my expectations; the room was clean, spacious and furnished with good taste.We were given a room at 50th floor (!) with an outstanding view on the city.Service was as good as you expect in a 4 star and the location, although not-so-close to the city center, is fairly good given that in Shanghai you can get a taxi to the Bund for about 3 euros.Definitely try it!	
Jun 27 2007 	High Quality High Value	Everything in this hotel feels spacious from the lobby to the rooms to the restaurant. We had reserved 2 deluxe rooms. Upon checkin we were asked if we wanted an upgrade to a jr suite or studio. We chose the studio which provided us with a well appointed spacious corner room. The round glass shower stall overlooked the city, and all fixtures were high quality. A/C worked well. Lighting was okay but could have been better. Beds very comfortable. Service excellent. Our daughter's room was the deluxe - very good, though the upgrade to the studio was worth the money.	
May 22 2007 	Re : You Get What You Pay For	I tried out Regent Shanghai during my recent business trip to Shanghai.This is a brand new 5-star hotel in Shanghai that has opened for less than a year. It's located a bit outside of the central Shanghai area and within the residential and office district of Yan An Road. I was attracted to stay there due to the low price and promotion offer which is nearly 50% lower than other 5-star hotels in Shanghai. And Regent is a well known brand so I guess even if it is bad, shouldn't be that bad. Moreover, the rooms looks quite nice in the website photos. Well, let's just say the wise saying of &quot;cheap things no good things&quot; applies here. This hotel is notoriously inconsistent. A grand and beautiful lobby is matched with lousy rooms with lousy workmanship. The photos of the room may look good but if you are physically there to look at things closer, everything is poor quality. The plastic basins and tubs ( not ceramic ), the bare and plain room decor and that horrible shower cubicle which is both dark and claustrophobic. To make matters worse, water pressure is poor and that tea-plate size &quot;rainforest&quot; shower is not &quot;rain&quot; at all but just &quot;drizzle&quot; even when water volume is turned to max ( Conserve water to save cost? ). And for the first time ever, I saw a dirty basin in a supposedly 5-star hotel ( see photo ). The last time I saw a dirty basin was in a 3 star hotel in Jogjakarta more than 3 years ago. This speaks a lot on the poor housekeeping of this hotel. Yes, there is a plasma TV but it is no-name brand and the picture quality is so poor I didn't bother to watch it. This is a hotel room that just pretend to be high-end when it is actually not. The service is just as inconsistent. I met the rudest receptionist ever in the lobby when I wanted to checkin and for an instant I thought I was at a Chinese government ministry asking for directions ( and maybe they have better manners there! ). Fortunately, the rest of the staff were better. The club lounge is also mediocre and during the evening, it is so dark that you can't read. Breakfast served at the lounge is quite good though. Because the hotel is located in a residential and office area, there is no view to speak off. At night, all the lights are turn of.In conclusion, basically, it is a &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; kind of hotel. If you are going to Shanghai for business and just need a place to stay and a nice lobby to meet with guests, this hotel is OK. But if you are choosy and picky like me, don't fall for the cheap price and look elsewhere.	
May 2 2007 	Wow.	Stayed here for 4 nights and it was fabulous. The hotel staff can't do enough for you and the facilities are amazing. We bought some DVDs from Beijing and asked if could use a DVD player, which they gave us within 10 minutes (3 people turned up at the door to help) and told us it was free to use during our stay. The pool on the 26th floor is spectacular and you can do proper lengths in it. The food at breakfast and for their buffet dinner was a staggering choice, but expect hotel prices. The only SLIGHT downside was the location. It's a smoggy 10-15 minute walk to the rail station, but even so, a fabulous hotel.	
Nov 30 2006 	Not staying there again	I stayed there for 2 nights for a business trip. The hotel exterior does look nice. I don't like the location though. The area is too crowded and it's not easy to find dining and shopping around. The exception is a nice massage place across the street. For a fraction of the price they charge at the hotel spa, I had a very nice 2 hour massage. The service of the hotel staff was as bad as most of the Shanghai 5-star hotels. They seemed to be even more rude to their Chinese guests. I left the 'do not disturb' sign on my door when I left for meetings one day since I had a lot of papers lying around in the room. When I returned that night, I found the room was cleaned and all my papers were stocked in a pile. I can't say I appreciated the intrusion. That's a first since I usually get a voicemail message or a note under the door asking for permission to clean the room first. When I checked out, it took the concierge 30 minutes to have my bags taken downstairs. I actually had to sit in the cab for 15-20 minutes for my bags to arrive. Overall, not a business traveller friendly hotel and I will not stay there again.	
Oct 6 2006 	Very Cool and Comfortable Hotel	We stayed here in September as part of a 3 week spin through China and Japan. For 5 days we loved the Regent Shangahi. Get a corner suite -- the floor to ceiling bathroom view is amazing! Comfortable beds, awesome flatscreen TV's in all rooms (not just suites), an amzing brunch buffet with food from around the world, nice spa and work out room. Also -- the Regent Club on one of the upper floors can be &quot;joined&quot; for a reasonable rate per person and then you get free happy hour cocktails and free internet -- worth the price alone if you need to check e-mail for any amount of time. The only drawback here is possibly the location (not walking distance from downtown), but with the reasonable price of cabs, we could get almost anywhere for less than $3...just tell the concierge or doorman where you want to go and they'll write it in chineese, tell the taxi and you're off!	
Jun 5 2006 	Good Service	Regent Shanghai is one of the newest hotel in Shanghai. I stayed at the Deluxe room at 37/F which has a 180 degree city view (of course there's not a clear sky because of serious pollution). Room is comfy and spacious, bathroom is huge with a very chic bath tub and shower box. However, 42 inches Plasma seems to be too big for the room ! Selection of TV program is sufficient. Of course, if you are picky person, you can still find something &quot;need to be improved&quot; - get problem with the lighting, cleaness of housekeeping. Apart from it, it's all about quality of service ! Cannot complain about their service - staffs are able to speak fluent English and they are helpful, goodlooking (it's important too!) and polite even though you cannot speak Mandarin. They are willing to help to make reservation and explain to the taxi driver the place I wanted to go accurately. Don't worry about the location (I know some reviews mentioned about the inconvenient location), most of the drivers know where it is. Highway is nearby and it takes only 45 minutes from airport to hotel (costs RMD 160).	
May 9 2006	Bad Location	Dont understand why one Tripadvisor member said the Regent is in a good location.There is virtually nothing in the neighbourhood of the hotel. No restaurants, shops (except a few convenience stores), subway stations. Must take a cab or bus which is a real annoyance during rush hours or rainy days. And not many cab drivers know this hotel.So must give them the directionThe hotel has very few guests during our stay (3 nights in early May). Room is not bad with fairly large bathroom. Local phone is cheap. Charged me 20 cents Rmb for a 2 minute local call but internet is expensive (Rmb 40 for 15 minutes)Wont pay Rmb160 for the buffet breakfast although the quality of which is not too bad.Service is efficient and polite particularly the bell boys and doormanWill consider staying this hotel again only if I can get a good rate or package(paid US$300 this time including return airfare HK-Shanghai-HK and 3 nights stay with daily breakfast)	
Mar 8 2006	Blew me away with its brilliance	This is the new Regent Hotel which I believe only soft-launched at the end of last year. So only 180 of the 400 rooms were operating.This hotel is brilliant. The rooms have large landscape picture windows, they are spacious, have rain showers and baths. The panelled walls of the bathrooms slide open to create an open plan space, which is great for sitting in the tub and watching the Shanghai sky at night.The club lounge on the 48th floor is amazing, and affords spectacular views on multiple aspects.The ground floor has a bistro/bakery with eames chairs and egg chairs around a small water feature, as well as a number of coffee machines and traditional tea items in a contemporary setting, and the lounge bar opposite is purple in colour and uses mirrors to break up the space.I was really blown away, especially as I went on to spend a few nights at the much celebrate Grand Hyatt in Pudong, which I found a desperate let down.Stay here - the team are brilliant, it's worth it. I'm the most picky person I know and I had nothing bad to say about it.	
Jan 15 2006	All About the Details	It is a truth universally acknowledged that what distinguishes an oustanding hotel from an average hotel is the detail of an operation.I decided to stay at the Regent Shanghai because of its ideal location, its supposedly stylish design, and the legendary service associated with the Regent brand name. Apart from the location, which is indeed excellent for both leisure and business travel, the facility and service arenas did not meet my expectations.Don't get me wrong. The Regent Shanghai did have the &quot;wow&quot; factor. I was very impressed with the spaciousness of the lobby. In my opinion, it was more grand than the Grand Hyatt Shanghai lobby, and it kind of reminded me of the Grand Hyatt Hong Kong lobby. And the rooms were very nice, equipped with a four-fixture bathroom and comfortable beds with divine duvets. But what failed were the details. Although the hotel was in its soft-opening stage, and the health-club just opened a few days before I checked in, the pool and fitness center smelled like new paint. And little stones left from the construction were still in the pool (I almost cut myself). Given that the hotel's new, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that things will improve as time goes by.What really annoyed me was the service. I came with high expecations as my service experience with Regent's late Hong Kong and Wall Street properties were stellar. However, during my stay, I saw F&amp;B managers walking with their arms folded and a smile-less housekeeper ordering us not to go into our rooms because she was cleaning. I don't expect service to be perfect during soft-opening, and I certainly don't expect service to be mind-blowing in China, but I expected more from the Regent brand.Regent Shanghai is by no means a bad hotel. As a whole, it reminded me of the Far Eastern Shangri-La in Taipei. With its location and physical layout, it definitely has the potential to become a significant player in the Shanghai luxury market. But like a great wine, it needs time to age. And with the proper supervision/management, it will undoubtedly flourish.	
Jan 15 2006	???????????????		
Jan 15 2006	??????		
Nov 22 2009 	????????????????		
Nov 15 2009 	??????		
Nov 2 2009 	Uno dei migliori hotel di Shanghai e di tutta la Cina!		
Oct 21 2009 	????????????!!		
Aug 2 2009 	??????		
Jun 25 2009 	?????????????		
Mar 28 2009 	?????????		
Mar 21 2009 	?????????????????NO????????		
Mar 13 2009 	??????		
Jul 9 2008	Shanghai Regent - Genial!		
