Jun 3 2009 	Beautiful Place	I stayed at Ascott for nearly 2 months! That is a long time to actually know the hotel staff by name - and trust me, the staff was genuinely very nice. I was undergoing training in Pudong and Ascott is one of the best places you can stay. With a nice view overlooking the river, Ascott offers all the luxuries that one can expect only from 4/5 start. One gets a good variety in food, though not so much for a vegetarian. Pool and Gym facilities are excellent.	
May 31 2009 	Spacious clean and good value for Shanghai	Myself and some colleagues stayed at the Ascott for a week to attend a conference, having chosen the Ascott as being within reasonable walking distance of the (very expensive) hotels where the conference was taking place. The Ascott's accommodation is more geared to the long-stay traveller, but we were more than happy with the huge apartment-style accommodation. The one-bedroom suite was very spacious, with a bedroom, living/dining room with office space, separate galley kitchen, large bathroom and even a dressing room. It was also spotlessly clean, the maid came in every day and each day left two bottles of mineral water. There was a good array of complimentary toiletries and a large number of complimentary sachets of tea, coffee, green tea, creamer etc. Its easy to buy milk and other drinks from the small shop round the corner, as there was no mini bar. The only downside as far as I was concerned was that since the hotel caters more for long-stay guests, there are not really the facilities for refreshments that one would find in a regular hotel. There was no bar/cafe on site, only a room where the complimentary breakfast was taken, but this shut after breakfast time. As to the breakfast, this is best avoided as it is very poor. Go somewhere else for a better breakfast. Given that the Ascott itself is immaculate and very clean, I was surprised to find that the tables on which the breakfast was laid out were very unsavoury looking and seemed unclean, especially around the tea/coffee are. There was a lot of Chinese food available, but very little in the way of a Western breakfast, some sliced bread next to a very dirty toaster, some small dry rolls, and some jam and butter and yoghurt but that was about it. There were bacon and beans and some small omlettes but the bacon did not look right and most of the food was very unappetising. There were numerous staff at every breakfast, but their time might have been better spent cleaning the breakfast area rather than just hovering, chatting and getting in the way of the guests. Reception staff were quite helpful and organised a nice car from and to the airport at a cost of RMB 600 one way. The Pudong international airport is about 45 mins drive, locally one can take taxis at a very reasonable cost - the hotel will get one quite promptly -but bear in mind Chinese taxi drivers mostly do not speak English and also the Ascott is tucked away down a side road, so best show them the address of the hotel in Chinese and tell them it is near Marine Tower. Many taxi drivers do not know where the Ascott is, and also surprisingly they do not know many of the main landmarks in Shanghai. If they throw a wobbly, just get out of the taxi and get another one who knows where he is going. Overall, lovely accommodation, but be prepared to either cater for yourself in the kitchen, which has plentiful amenities, or go out to eat. Also, they do not exchange currency at this hotel, so you have to go to a bank or other exchange office. A final word of warning - it is difficult to get to anywhere walking at the moment in Shanghai due to the massive amount of building work taking place ahead of Expo 2010, which will take place summer 2010. You think you can walk somewhere, only to find your path blocked by a massive building site, and you have a 20 minute detour to skirt round it. The beautiful bund is also marred by huge amounts of building work at the time of writing. The whole of Pudong is awash with construction workers in orange hard hats.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great place for long stays	I stayed at the Ascott on three separate occasions in the span of two years. I had a great stay each time. The one bedrooms are pretty roomy and the bathrooms are large. There is a fitness center with an indoor pool and tennis/badminton court. We rented the courts a couple of times. They are fairly well kept.There is a little minimart on the first floor in case need something quickly. Otherwise, it is pretty expensive.The only thing that needed improvement was the menu in the restaurant. It was pretty tiring to eat the same thing all of the time. However, there is a free shuttle that will take you to a large mall a couple of minutes away. This mall also has a supermarket. The only thing is that it will not pick you up, so you'll have to get a taxi back.	
Oct 17 2007 	Highly recommend the Ascott	My husband and I, as well as our 10 year old son and nanny, stayed at the Ascott for 18 nights, while we participated at a conference at the nearby convention center. I personally never left the Pudong side of the river, so can't speak to how convenient the Ascott would be for that purpose. For getting to the International new convention center (attached to the oriental riverside hotel), it was about a 20 minute walk, which was a couple of blocks from the SuperBrand mall. The Ascott has a shuttle which goes there several times a day (they even took us directly to the convention center when we asked). Taxis were always easy to come by from the hotel, though we were not usually leaving during rush hour. The taxi ride was fast and cheap.We had both a one bedroom apartment and a two bedroom apartment. I had read in a couple of reviews that things were getting old in the apartments, but that was not the case at all for us. Everything was clean, and in new or nearly new condition. We were told when we arrived that we'd been upgraded to &quot;executive&quot; apartments, so perhaps that made the difference. The housekeeping service was excellent, and the staff always friendly and eager to please. At the front desk there was always someone who spoke English quite well, and they were able to make sure our taxi drivers knew where we were headed. As other reviewers have said, it is difficult to find the Ascott, but most drivers were able to at least come close with the directions we had written in Chinese, and we could usually get the rest of the way by pointing. Only once did I have to get out of a taxi and find a new one because the driver had no idea - didn't read any language I think.I was not crazy about the breakfast, but there were a lot of choices if you don't mind eating things that westerners don't normally consider &quot;breakfast food&quot; I stuck mostly to the hard-boiled eggs and pastries. There was fresh fruit every day - usually watermelon and either cantelope or orange segments.As far as the beds being hard, in our apartments they were firm but quite comfortable. The comforters were very nice. The water pressure was fine in the showers, though I did try to remember to turn the water on several minutes before hand as it took that long to warm up.I used the combination washer/dryer frequently. It was very slow - took several hours to wash and dry a small load, but things did come out okay (somewhat more wrinkled than at home, but there was an iron and ironing board).The internet service was great. We had a problem with our modem the first couple of days, but it was replaced and we had no problems after that. I had thought there would be some websites I couldn't get onto in China, but I was able to do everything I wanted, and quickly.The food from room service was not fantastic, but was fast cheap, and adequate. The small market onsite was useful for getting a few items, but if you are going to actually be cooking you'll need to go to the SuperCenter at the mall. Limited dishes and cookware are provided, but a lot more is kept in a locked cabinet in the kitchen, which they opened for us on request in one of our apartments.The fitness center was kept cool and comfortable and while there was only one elliptical, which is what I like to use, there was never anyone else there when I went. My son played tons of table tennis - the charge for using the table was low (less than $3 per hour), but we paid more than that to rent the paddles each time, so I suggest you bring your own if you'll be playing a lot. We'd planned to play tennis, but the indoor court was not air-conditioned and was just to hot for us. My son enjoyed kicking a ball around the soccer field (with goals),and the outdoor playground looked cute for younger kids.Hope this helps. I highly recommend the Ascott for luxurious serviced apartment accomodations, especially if you have business in that area.	
Aug 14 2007 	Ascott is a comfortable apartment-like stay	I stayed at the Ascott Pudong Shanghai for 2 months from June to August 2007. Here are my thoughts. I had a two-bedroom apartment on a high floor. I appreciated the balconies (3 of them), as I could let in fresh air and enjoy watching the rain. I wish the housekeeping personnel would clean the balconies, though, as they were quite dirty (from the dirt in the air) and I tracked a lot of it into the apartment (on the white carpeting) when I walked in and out. It is true that the Ascott is not as new as it once was, but it is a very nice place. The apartment was spacious and there was substantial closet space. I wish I had so much in my house back in the states!The master bath was wonderful. I appreciated the adjustable shower (as I am only 5 foot 3 inches), so that I could reach the shower head. The bathtub came in handy, as well. The second bathroom was adequate (what I usually get in most hotels) and my son enjoyed having his own bathroom when he visited me. The bedrooms are very nice. The blackout curtains don't quite black everything out, but they do an admirable job. The beds are a little hard (okay, pretty hard) and take some getting used to especially for us who are used to more cushioning. The alarm clock never quite worked, so I used the wake up system on the phone. It never failed me!I asked for a DVD player my 3rd week there and wish I had asked earlier (or that they had told me one was available). It made things a little easier when I couldn't sleep at night. The kitchen was workable and I appreciated having all the utensils, pots and pans there for me. I could concentrate on cooking, not on buying cookware, so that was nice. The common areas of the hotel are very nice--marble and such. An understated elegance that I do appreciate. The little store on site is a bit pricy, but nothing like the prices at other local hotels, and I did appreciate that (for instance, you can get a 12 oz can of soda on the street for 2 RMB, in the Ascott store it was 3 RMB, but in another hotel nearby (which shall remain nameless), my colleages were asked to pay 20 RMB). The clubhouse is very nice and the workout room and pool (and jacuzzi) never appear too busy. I always found room when I showed up. I do wish the front desk clerk at the clubhouse didn't sneak off for a smoke in the office nearby--we can still smell it in the lobby!The grounds are beautifully manicured. There are walking paths, a soccer field, a small playground, trees, tables and chairs, and a see-saw. The Ascott also has a shuttle service that leaves at pre-designated times to local shopping malls and tourist locations. I only used it twice, but it was nice to know that I didn't always have to pay for a taxi to get where I wanted to go. The breakfast is not on par with the buffet at the Intercontinental or even the breakfast offered at the Sofitel in town, but it is palatable. It has a variety of foods: eggs, congee, mashed potatoes, dumplings, fresh fruit, juices, coffee and hot chocolate, breads... and it can get a bit monotonous, but it fills me up. The room service menu is a bit dicey, too. I ordered the jumbo burger and was served soemthing that looked nothing like jumbo (it was two small patties) and very little like a burger (I'm not sure it was meat--it may have been soy). But other items like the Spaghetti Bolognaise was wonderful. Besides, I tended to use Sherpa or other delivery services if I didn't feel like cooking. I appreciated the staff most of all. They were very helpful. There was a little miscommunication at first regarding the inventory of items in my apartment, but we worked through that very quickly. The staff took pains to remember my name and which apartment I was in. They always worked hard to fulfill any request I made. Jessica Fang is an outstanding front desk manager. She even took it upon herself to start up a class for guests to learn useful Mandarin and taught it herself. It was nice to learn some Mandarin and also meet fellow guests. All in all, the Ascott was a good address to have for the two months I spent in Shanghai. I would recommend it for longer-term stays.	
Jul 14 2007	Pros and Cons	The room provides you every thing you need, but things are getting old here. The carpet is kind of stained and dusty that I can feel it on my feet. The living room are spacy...the kitchen is nice but I never use it. The walk-in closet &quot;look&quot; nice but &quot;smell&quot; terrible like a few pair of damp shoes were there before. The bath room is not as functional and is designed for 7-feet tall people. In the morning 9 a.m. the maid got into my bedroom (well, she had to pass my living room, kitchen and there was another door to the bed room) and I was shocked. She saw me asleep and yet she asked (well...people here are loud by nature) if I want to have the room cleaned (!?) The breakfast is terrible, I could only eat the soy milk. Coffee sucks, it was from dripping machine. Bread and pastries are limited. Street buns and dumplings taste better, I belive.	
Apr 10 2007 	My kids love this hotel!	We went there on oct 26 2006. It was a large apartment with two bedrooms. There are three televisions and a big kitchen. There even have a garden with a small children playground. Everything are nice and we enjoy our stay. This is a very good choice for family with kids.	
Jul 13 2005	Luxury service apartment in Shanghai	Our family of 4 stayed for 2 nights at The Ascott Pudong. We had an apartment with 2 bedrooms (1 king, 2 twins) and 2 bath (2 tubs, 1 shower). We were pleased with how well appointed the rooms were. From the living room, there was a view across the Huangpo river, although not exactly of the Bund. The kids were excited to find that not only was there cable TV, but also a DVD player and VCD player (with all those gadgets why go sightseeing?). The kitchen was small and sparsely equipped, but enough material was at hand to make simple meals. There was a clothes washer and the appliances were clean and looked quite new.The hotel provides a shuttle service to a few of the more popular destinations, such as People's Square and that big shopping center in Pudong whose name I can't remember. The shuttle service is one way, however. No shuttle to the airport. Breakfast was the usual mixed Chinese and Western fare, although, surprisingly, with less variety than we had seen in our 2 weeks of journeying through China. A small point - although our apartment was clearly set up for 4 people, they would only give us breakfast tickets for 2.Finally, one of the drawbacks of the hotel is its location in the financial center of Pudong - somewhat removed from the cultural and historical center of Shanghai. In the 3 trips back to the hotel by taxi over 2 days, we could never get any of the 3 taxi drivers to figure out exactly where the hotel was. Although its address is Pudong Avenue, it is actually tucked behind a set of tall buildings so that its front entrance is not visible from the street. On the plus side, the taxi fare is low - about 17-22 RMB (US$2 to 3) from the city center - and it's about a 10 minute walk from the subway.	
