	Great location and helpful staff	We had one night at the New Harbour Hotel and the next day switched here. Fraser was perfect for us. The rooms were a bit small, but new and clean. We had a 2 bedroom with washer/dryer and full kitchen. Only negative was one bath for a family of 5, but we managed. They could do a bit better with the daily housekeeping (the trash cans are small and they did not empty them), but otherwise great place. The staff was so helpful and very patient with my 3 young boys. Breakfast for 2 was included at Element Fresh and we just bought extra. The location was great-we could walk everywhere! I highly recommend this place. Good business center and small gym, but had treadmills, weights, etc. Pool was a short walk located at the spa across the yard. Nice pool, but not great for kids since it was in the spa; will say the spa staff was patient with us.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good Choice for Serviced Apartment near XinTianDi	I stayed here for a month during the summer, and would recommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable service apartment near the XinTianDi area. The service apartment is well located - about a 10mins walk to XinTianDi, 2 mins to HuaiHai Road, and the Times Square shopping mall where there is a good supermarket. Fraser Residence also is home to a trendy restaurant, Fat Olive, managed by local celebrity chef David Laris, and Element Fresh, a reliable salad/ sandwich chain popular with Shanghai expats. I had some problems with housekeeping but after a few calls to the front desk, those issues were resolved. Front desk is very helpful in general. Pool is dismal. I paid about RMB 600/ night for a one-bedroom for the duration of my stay.	
Jun 14 2009 	Much better than the earlier reviews indicate	Despite prior Tripadvisor reviews, we stayed at the Fraser because it is close to where our daughter has a summer internship, we needed a 2BR apartment, and our travel agent negotiated a very good rate for an 11-day stay. We were wonderfully surprised at the quality of the room and the services of the staff. There are two excellent American-style restaurants on the sixth floor that are very popular with the local expat community (The Fat Olive and Fresh Essential). The food was good and reasonably priced, and friendly waitresses taught us some Mandarin.The location is within walking distance of Huai Hai Lu shopping area (2 blocks north), a grocery and ATM machines in the basement level of Times Square shopping mall, People's Square, Xintiandi, and Old Town. Taxis are so cheap that you probably won't walk, though, except for the exercise. The staff was helpful in writing our destinations in Chinese characters for the cab drivers. Ask the hotel to get its driver to pick you up from Pudong Airport rather than rattle around in a cramped cab. Be sure to carry the hotel's cab card to get back to the htoel because many of the cabbies found it tough to find the place.We like the Fraser so much that we negotiated a monthly rate for our daughter, who is staying for another 10 weeks in a 1BR apartment at the Frayser during her summer job.There will be construction throughout Shanghai until Expo 2010, including putting a subway under Xi Zhang South Road next to the Frayser. The noise was not too bad, though, on the 17th floor.	
Apr 15 2009 	great location to experience local living	Booked a 2 bedroom penthouse. Living room is newly renovated &amp; very nice. But bedrooms are very small. with a baby cot, there's hardly space to walk. Toilets looked barely renovated, as the style &amp; design are very different from the living rooms. Washing machine was not working well - dryer timer was spoilt &amp; 6 hours later, my clothes were still drying! Luckily they fixed the problem after I notified them. Broadband internet also took some time to fix before I could use them. Kitchen utensils are quite complete. With young kids I usually buy food back &amp; dine in, so the bowls &amp; plates come in handy.Food - not impressed with Element Fresh. Bought my breakfast at the streets nearby. Freshly baked cakes going at 8 rmb for 10. Deep fried dough (you tiao) at 1 rmb each. Yummy. For dinner, the restaurants in the streets nearby sell fried rice at 5 rmb a plate, duck noodle soup at 8 rmb, fresh big oysters at 1 rmb per piece, prawns, crabs etc etc....Initially I thought the location was a little far - took me a good 10 min to walk to Huangpi nan rd. But soon I found a gem. The next section of Shou Ning Rd comes alive after 9pm. Road stalls lined the road, selling clothes, DVDs, &amp; food (fried noodles). Really got a feel of how the locals live.	
Apr 5 2009 	Good choice	Nice, clean apartment style facility.Free internet. Courteous staff all around. Element Fresh Restaurant provided decent breakfast; great juice bar.Location also good for walking, subway.Would recommend.	
Oct 11 2008 	Very LOUD! - under construction	ok, well here are some things that every person needs to know. I have stayed in this hotel off and on since March 2008. The Hotel is undergoing a phased renovation. As a result, there is constrant noise ocurring very early in the morning. They tell you that the construction only starts at 9:00PM, but in fact the banging has started at 7:00AM. It is now Sunday morning that I am writing this review, and I can assure you that there is allot of noise going on right now which woke me up at 7:00AM. I've complained for months, but the truth is, construction workers are very hard to control here in China. I highly recommend staying awya from this hotel for at least 6 months while they finish their work.	
Feb 12 2009	???????????		
