	Don't be fooled by the pretty lobby	Stayed at the Sofitel Shanghai Hyland for three days in November and was somewhat disappointed. This hotel didn't get top ratings from Trip Advisor reviews and I was somewhat reluctant to book it, but I received a great three-for-two-nights deal on hotels.com. Upon arriving, the lobby was spectacular and I began to feel better about my choice.--until I got to my room on the 10t floor. I choose not to upgrade to the Executive Level as was offered upon check-in (for about $50 a night). So I imagine the lower floors are for discount bookings and the rooms are certainly not up to the standard of this luxury chain. Nothing really bad, just pretty dated with a very small and old bathroom. Not much of a view, either. Beds were very hard, as is often the case in Asian hotels. The hallways were dark and dingy. Service was sullen and the concierge didn't even look up from his phone conversation when I stood there for at least 10 minutes. One afternoon upon returning to my room, it had been made up, but the roll of toilet paper was missing. (As a single male traveler, I was approached by prostitutes quite often right outside of the hotel, but I guess that's not the hotel's fault) I hope (and suspect) that the rooms and service on the Executive level are better. I did not eat at the hotel.On the plus side, the location is right on the main shopping street and within easy walking distance to most attractions and very close to the subway. Lots of restaurants in the area, and tons of mall-type shops. I also had free WiFi which was not supposed to be included. I suppose on the lower floors you can still access the WiFi from the lobby area. Lots of international news and entertainment channels. Overall, not a terrible experience, but also not one that lives up to the expectations of a Sofitel hotel. This would be a nice three star place, and if you understand that going in, you will likely be satisfied. Unless I got a great deal, I would not stay there again, as Shanghai has a lot of upscale hotels in the vicinity.	
	Thumbs up!	Up to expectations! Reasonable price in a good location. Service was good and we enjoyed our stay. We would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 24 2009 	Superb Location	The lobby's a nice European iintimate feel, unlike the grand high celing entrance that most luxury hotels in China tend to favour. The same cannot be said about the basic room that we had. The carpet's dirty, the bathroom not so well furnished and generally tired looking. Upgrade yourself to a club room instead if you've come to expect what a Sofitel normally offers. The location however, is what keeps this hotel's rates up. Step outside the hotel is , you're in the middle of the Nanjing Walking Street which stretches over a km , filled with shops, shops and more shops, and very good for people watching as well, if you're sitting by their walkway cafe. There're at least two Metro stops linking to different lines along this stretch, and one can talk a leisurely stroll to the Bund. Remember to ask for their complimentary Shanghai Guide, that comes with a nice illustration of all the tourist attractions and the different metro lines, much better than the map I bought from a bookshop. Breakfast is nice, freshly squeezed juices, more European pastries than local fares, egg stations, just enough for a good hearty start for the day.Like other posters had mentioned, the Concierge seems more interested in talking to each other than serving the guests. A little more professionalism is desired.	
Oct 31 2009 	Good location - but very business focused	The Sofitel has a good location within easy walking distance to People's Square and the Bund and is right next to a subway stop. The hotel has a poor bar - the other local hotel bars are much better - especially the Marriot and Radisson.The rooms were clean and fine, but the hotel is very business focused which comes as a bit of a shock after staying in a boutique hotel in Beijing, The breakfast is not included and about £20 and wireless is also charged for at around £12 a day - both included in my previous hotel.I went on a half-day trip organised by the hotel to zhouzhuang water village. The guide was terrible and rushed us round at breakneck speed. None of the other guest were very happy with it.,When next in Shanghai I think I'd pick a similer area, but probabaly a different hotel.	
Oct 28 2009 	Our stay at your hotel made our visit to Shanghai even more enjoyable.	Checking in we were greeted with a cool drink and friendly, courteous staff who inform us of the usuall details one needs to know.Our room ( suite) was spacious, beutifully furnished and the amenities were excellent so was the view of the city from our windowsThe premises were well located adjacent to a square and shopping pedestrian street (Nanjing East) not far from the Bund. The metro was within five minute walk and taxis at the hotel door.Unfornutely we spent all of our time vising place and shopping. We did get much time to enjoy the available facilities.Breakfast at the 30th floor was the best ever. Your can request your choice from menu and/or have a variety of oriental and continental choices including juices and fruit.	
Oct 23 2009 	Superb location and very comfortable hotel - at club level	The Sofitel Shanghai is in an enviable location on the pedestrianised Nanjing Road shopping street, in the heart of the city - although it has several entrance levels and is a little confusing. I started to check-in in the main lobby but was then sent up to the club level to complete it. The room was in a traditional style, comfortable and well appointed with all amenities (tissues, safe, coffee/tea, toiletries, turn-down service). It had a bedroom with separate lounge area. I had club level access, where a superb and extensive breakfast was served. Happy hour complimentary drinks and snacks were available in the early evening, together with free internet (note, no Facebook in China!) and newspapers. The staff here were very friendly and helpful. I never had to go to the other restaurants in the hotel.Being a Sofitel, the hotel had a sophisticated French ambiance about it, which added to the level of comfort and overall experience.Shanghai itself is fascinating to explore with many sights. Its also dirty, dusty, noisy, smelly and consistently overcast with pollution. I have also never encountered as much constant hassle (albeit non-threatening) from people selling watches, bags, phones and sex, which was increasingly annoying as my visit continued. Also be warned that the city is preparing for the 2010 Expo, so the Bund was completely closed for reconstruction and other locations are also vulnerable to disruption in this period.Overall, the Sofitel exceeded expectations.	
Oct 19 2009 	terrible Sofitel dirty and dated...	When you usually book for a Sofitel, at least you expect a high standard of service and a clean place... Not only an hotel well located cause i have to admit the location of Sofitel Hyland is really good, close for shopping, sightseeing and nightlife. But are you ready to pay more than 1500 CNY minimum just for location??? I'm sure if this topic is the only one you consider as important, there are other hotels all around at a better price cause this Sofitel is really expensive for what it offers.Maybe you'll be surprised by this review when you'll get in the hotel if you decide to go. Actually, they invest everything in the lobby which is quite trendy with nice flowers arrangement but you'll understand better when you'll start your check in... First of all, the staff is not really helpful nor smily. At the reception,they treat you as a number and not as a human and it's pretty disagreable and moreover cause they're especially arrogant. However, let's say i've been unlucky and maybe some of the staff working at the front desk are nice... At least, at the restaurant, the staff is really good and the impression about the place has been good: smily and efficient staff, good presentation (very good dinner buffet), nice food, large choice...But the worst thing in this hotel is when you get into the floors... The corridors are dark and the carpet smells bad. Cleanliness is one of the most important thing in an hotel and it's unacceptable a five stars hotel can be that dirty. Same thing when you'll discover your room: dated, with old furniture, dirty carpet with a lot of spots (quite disguting...), smudge in the bathroom and around the toilets where you'll find hairs of the previous customers, very out dated equipment (shower system, bathtub, lighting, TV...)... No need to talk about the size of the room or bathroom and i hope you'll travel just by yourself cause it's not the standard of a five stars hotel not even the one of a four stars. To compare, the Novotel Peace Beijing is better, much better. The only positive point is the Sofitel &quot;My Bed&quot; very comfy but again, is it good when you wake up with insects (i prefer not to think which kind of insects...) bites on your legs...???Sincerely, i really really don't recommend this hotel and moreover cause Shanghai has so much to offer... This hotel has nothing from the standard of a Sofitel hotel and more especially cause this brand is really upgrading all the hotels of the group but why are they forgetting this one???	
Oct 18 2009 	Worth the money	Comfy, modern cozy hotel, smack in the middle of it all.	
Oct 18 2009 	Top Hotel positioned perfectly to enjoy the buzz of Shanghai.	Top Hotel to stay at,with an upgrade to executive level a must.You pay extra,but with free full breakfasts,finger food &amp; drinks of an evening,free internet access&amp;newspapers,it's well worth the extra.The staff are a delight to deal with &amp; with the front door leading into the mall,this is the place to stay in Shanghai.My only concern was smoking on a non smoking floor.When in Shanghai again I will definitely stay at the Sofitel Shanghai Hyland.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Hotel with delicious Food	Stayed their for a 4 day business trip. Great location to go everywhere in the City. Club room is nicely furnished and offers free breakfast and internet. Also had access to Club Lounge on 30F where they serve great wines and nice finger food in the evening. There were also nice books in the libary about China and free Internet stations. Breakfast fast superb, especially the Croissant - best ever! Restaurant on Lobby level has a great food selection with plenty french and chinese dishes. Staff is very friendly and caring, helped me a lot for my travel arrangements.	
Sep 16 2009 	Excellent hotel	Good hotel with excellent staff. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. I would recommend this hotel if you are visiting Shanghai for business or pleasure.	
Sep 15 2009 	The perfect location to stay in shanghai	Being a middle class retired couple, we found that having our hotel in the centre of all that's happening in Shanghai could not have been better.Being in the centre of the pedestrian mall that is Nanging Road, with all its shops and restuarants etc, meant that we were able to walk to our destinations easily. On our first outing in Nanging Road mall, we took a ride on the tram/trolley that takes you from one end of the mall to the other- a great way to get a grip on the area, and as my husband has trouble walking, this was a great introduction. Cost about RMB 2 which is about 30 cents Australian each way- pay on the trolley.The Bund is being renovated for expo, and massive works means that you cannot see anything from the roadway. The best view, and the most relaxing is to take a ferry cruise on the river . Fabulous and very worthwhile.Shopping - cost of most goods seems to be about similar or a little cheaper than in Australia, but if you are looking for &quot;copy&quot; bags, watches etc in the well known brands, you will be inundated with offers to take you to these shops, by gentlemen in the street. We were a bit nervous, but agreed to accompany as long as it was within walking distance to our hotel. We were suprised to be taken only one street off Nanging road, and happily bartered down the costs of handbags fron $200 to $45. excellent leather bags and wallets.We tried the same thing a few days later in HongKong, but prices there were much higher.The best day trip was to the Water town of Zhou Zhuang. You need all day there and stay for lunch/dinner if possible. We unfortunately included this town in with a trip to the garden town of Suzhou, and were sorry we had not allowed more time at Zhou Zhuang, even though we had our own private hire car for the day.We booked it through Shanghai Eastern Taxi Service, who also picked us up at the airport on our arrival. Great service , and great to have someone meet you on arrival. Contact Shanghai Eastern Taxi Service at info@shanghai-taxi.com for reliable pricing and info prior to your departure from home.	
Sep 13 2009 	Avoid unless you have club level rooms - total rip-off and prosititution outside.	Avoid at all costs unless you have club level rooms. We had a booking for about £100 but on check in they tried to 'upgrade' us to a club level room at about £150 including breakfast. We declined the upgrade. Our room was smoky and on calling reception was told they would try and change us that evening...Then went to the tiny tiny bathroom - tiles were cracked and the toilet seat and toilet seat cover were different colours and different plastics...the whole room had a dated 1970's feel. It was not modern or fresh. The TV was not flat screen - everywhere else in China (apart from, interestingly, another 5 star hotel in Shanghai) had flat screen TVs - Chinese motel chains at £38 a night, local 'boutique' hotels in Beijing at £33 a night...so for £100 a night I was kind of hoping for all the timmings and then some that I'd been able to enjoy elsewhere!No bathrobes either or slippers (fundamental to a stay in China for various reasons - ours were replaced every day at the £33 hotel in Beijing!).The area is poor - central but very, very sleazy. Husband was approached about 5 times in the near area for sex begiinning at 6 p.m. so hardly that late!. The location around Nanjing Road East and Peoples Square is not somewhere I would stay with children (or recommend to anyone else who isn't a sex tourist). We checked out pretty quickly and moved on elsewhere. This was problematic. They were determined that we stay but after a 50 minute wait and debate we were able to finally leave. See my other reviews for where we went - that place is HIGHLY recommended.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Hotel great location great service great breakfast	We stayed in a suite on the club level. The room was very comfortable with incredible views of Shanghai. We received a gift of a bottle of wine, fresh fruit and pastries. The free breakfast offered with the club level was outstanding. The buffet was great plus we could order many items off of a menu.Unfortunately, during our stay, I suffered a medical emergency. The hotel provided a wheelchair and a driver to take me to a western doctor. This service was greatly appreciated.	
Aug 24 2009 	Sofitel Hyland : Great place for Shanghai	I Went many times to the Sofitel Hyland on Nanjing Road in Shanghai, for business.Hotel is a luxurious 4* standard, with all amenities needed for this category.Rooms are decent size, flat screen, clean, smoke free and nice bathroom concept (open to the bedroom)Stayed on the SUPERIOR ROOM CLUB SOFITEL - category. Breakfast is included in the rate. Big buffet, good quality on top level of the building with fantastic view on Shanghai.You have access to the CLUB SOFITEL lounge with complementary drinks at night and free internet access.Situated on Nanjing Liu on the Bund, one of the most attractive place of Shanghai.Service is perfect, hotel is clean, secured.French will feel a little bit like &quot;at home&quot; as it is part of the French Accor Group.I recommend this hotel for every Business stay in Shanghai. No question.	
Jul 27 2009 	GOOD HOTEL IN GREAT POSITION	We stayed 3 nights in this lovely hotel in March after we had finished a month of cruising and travelling around China and Far East Asia.Upon checking in, we were upgraded to a lovely suite on a high floor which consisted of a hall, lounge room, bedroom and bathroom with views over the city. This was a very pleasant surprise.We had booked a Club Room and enjoyed the facilities provided especially the breakfast and the drinks and nibbles at night.We also ate downstairs a couple of times at the coffee shop in the hotel which had reasonable food but very slow service. The position of the Sofitel is fantastic, right in the heart of the shopping area and close to most tourist attractions. We had a very enjoyable stay at this very comfortable hotel.	
Jul 22 2009 	Excellent location	Excellent location on Nanjing Road pedestrian mall with lots of nearby shopping and dining options and is a short walk to the Shanghai Museum and The Bund.We stayed in a club level room, which is inclusive of breakfast, evening drinks &amp; canapes and executive check-in and check-out on the quiet club level.Even though we arrived at 8:30am, we gratefully were allowed to check in to our room straight away. We were given a complimentary fruit juice and a platter of fruit in our room. The room was moderately sized with a very comfortable bed, lounge chair, desk with free Internet connection, TV, minibar and wardrobe. The bathroom had a separate shower and low bathtub. Bathroom products were made by L'Occitane.Breakfast is served in the club lounge on the 30th floor, which has fantastic city views and provides delicious and beautifully presented food. There is an a la carte selection of hot dishes (eggs, pancakes, waffles, Asian soups etc) and a continental buffet including fresh bread, pastries, tropical fruit, cold cuts, cheese, jams, fruit juices and more.Complimentary club level evening drinks are served in the club lounge between 6-8pm. Wine (French, Australian, Chilean and Chinese white and red), beer, softdrink and fruit juice were offered along with hot and cold canapes that were brought to the table. The other end of the club lounge has a library/lounge area with 3 free Internet terminals. Most, if not all staff spoke English and were courteous. The concierge staff were helpful in booking tickets for us and for giving instructions in Chinese for the taxis.	
Jun 17 2009 	Fantastic hotel ~ pity about the bar	The title just about sums my experience up. You could not ask for a better location, the food selection for breakfast is top class, the rooms are &quot;western size&quot;, the staff are very friendly and efficient, but the flash bar just does not cut the mustard. It is way too formal and impersonal. This is the only part of the place that lets it down ~ a very important part for a solo traveller ! Not the cheapest place I have ever stayed in, but hey ~ when you are travelling, you don't want to be eating Big Macs every day !!!	
Jun 4 2009 	Location and service	I will not be inventive when I will say that the hotel has the best location of the city right on the pedestrian Nanjing road along which you have all the shops and malls you could dream of. It is also just a 10 minutes walk away from the Bund.The hotel, although old, has been renovated. The lobby is cosy and ''small'' in a good way except if you like the usual Chinese gigantic unfriendly lobby. The bar, located on the same floor is very intimate. The coffee shop, also on the same floor is offering a very nice interactive buffet which gives a great freedom of choice. The night time gives all these locations a totally different ambiance thanks to the lighting.The executive lounge on the last floor shows a great view of the city. The service is caring, the breakfast tasty and diverse with both buffet and a la carte and the evening cocktail time friendly and warm.The rooms are nice and not shabby as I read in some previous posts. The bed is in particular very comfortable. The bathroom may be a bit small but still has separate bathtub and shower.	
Jun 3 2009 	Right on Walking Street	If you are looking for a hotel on &quot;Walking Street&quot; then look no further than Sofitel Hyland.During my stay in China I have used the hotel on numerous occassions and have never been disappointed.The hotel backs onto &quot;Walking Street&quot; but beware of young ladies who offer to take you for &quot;sexy dancing&quot; as it will be an expensive night out. If you decline their offer within a few moments you will be another service by young men.	
May 31 2009 	A great location for a stay in Shanghai	This hotel is very similar to other Sofitels in China. The rooms are quite nice, although not particularly spacious. I didn't find the property at all 'old and tired.' The location is great, on the pedestrian portion of Nanjing Road. You will be accosted with the usual &quot;watches, bags, DVDs, jeans) a hundred times a day in this part of town, but 99% of them will give up on you (a) if you are wearing an iPod and pretend not to hear them or (b) you continue talking with a friend as if they weren't there. Despite the very busy location, the hotel is very quiet. The view from my room was terrific -- overlooking a bandstand and the Central Hotel. Check out the terrace on the 7th floor -- it is very peaceful and has great views of the city (day and night). at 1200 CNY/night (plus 15% taxes) it is not cheap, but is comparably priced to the other places I've stayed in town (Jin Jiang on Moaming Road and Swissotel near Jing'An Temple). The food is okay, but perhaps a bit sub-par for a 'luxury' hotel.	
May 28 2009 	Good hotel and staff- disgusting food	No complaints about the actual hotel itself. Most of the staff are very helpful. The major let down is the disgusting food.We went for a burger in their Mosiac Restaurant. The meat was rancid. I was physically ill after 1 bite. Interestingly, the Manager did not seem to care at all.Breakfast was just as bad. Off cheese. Half cooked eggs. Just nowhere up to standard and will NOT be back	
May 16 2009 	Very good hotel in a great location	The Sofitel Hyland offers a very comfortable, modern experience in amongst the hustle and bustle that is Shanghai. City centre hotels are very often compromised by space or lack of facilities, but the Sofitel Hyland manages to offer excellent facilities with bright spacious rooms and to a very high standard. This hotel is located in one of the main shopping precincts in the city, yet is located a 10 minute walk from The Bund. If the hotel restaurants don't take your fancy, there is a multitude of places right on your doorstep, or just a short taxi ride away.The hotel is modern in styling, but comfortably so, by that I mean that it has enough interest in its features without some of the quirks that other 'modern' hotels come up with. The hotel staff manage to hit the right balance of being both welcoming and efficient. Having had a couple of bad experiences with checking in on this trip, I am pleased to report that the check in/check out process was very efficient	
May 10 2009 	Good location good hotel for leisure or business	Surprisingly good service and friendliness for shanghai. Located right on Nanjing road but quiet and secure. French and asian style good quality food. AF/KLM affiliated. Rooms good size with good amenities, concierge quick and helpful. 15 minutes walk to Bund or shanghai Museum. Hagen Daaz beside entrance and Starbucks closeby.	
May 7 2009 	Beautiful hotel Amazing location!	We had the most amazing stay at the Sofitel Shanghai. We stayed for 4 nights and were upgraded to a suite as soon as we checked in! Fantastic staff. Very, very nice and helpful. What ever we needed, they helped us. The bar is great and very relaxing. There's an amazing pianist that plays popular songs all night, great when your relaxing, and enjoying a drink. It was very clean, and very spacious. The restaurant and buffet was delicious.We absolutely loved our stay here and would do it all over again, I cant think of one thing that was wrong about our time here!	
Apr 25 2009 	In the heart of Nanjing Pedestrian Mall	This was our first trip to Shanghai and staying at this hotel made it very convenient to everything we wanted to do. You step out the door and you are right on Nanjing Road Pedestrian Mall. The room was very nice - not very big and the bathroom was a bit tired but nice just the same. The bar in the hotel was beautiful - a lovely atmosphere with seluded areas to sit and relax with a glass of champagne as you listen to the groovy background music. The buffet breakfast was ok, but nothing to write home about. We had the added bonus of being Accor Advantage members which got us up to 50% off all food and beverages in the hotel. Service was ok and most staff could speak English.	
Apr 18 2009 	Best location in town clean and well designed rooms	We stayed two nights at this hotel and could not have asked for a better location. It is in the center of the Shanghai shopping district, and we easily walked (15 minutes) to the Bund and Pearl Tower. Beautiful foyer, rooms were well designed but the layout of our room was strange- the TV had to be moved to watch from bed. My luggage got lost on the way there and the concierge called numerous times and updated me throughout the day. My luggage was found and delivered to the hotel within 24 hours thanks to his help (and Japan Airlines- so easy to deal with).The only negative was the lack of a pool, but I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 18 2009 	Nice location ... typical Sofitel quality and service	Stayed 2 nights. The hotel is centrally located in Shanghai with lots of sights and activities in the vicinity. Did not partake in much as I was on business. The shops/restaurants were closed by 10 which I did not expect.The room I stayed in was small which was not unexpected. Clean rooms and fairly modern. No issues with noise or anything like that.The breakfast lounge was typical breakfast fare and service was fine.	
Mar 15 2009 	Right on Nanjing St near the Bund	We enjoy this small and elegant hotel every time we visit (this was our 3rd visit). Great staff, nice rooms, right on Nanjing shopping street. Only negative is the street vendors that accost you as soon as you leave the front door; but you can just go out the side door and miss them all. An easy walk to the Bund, outstanding breakfast buffet, attentive staff.	
Jan 28 2009 	Wonderful location	This was our second stay at the Sofitel Hyland. Our first visit we had a room on the 20th floor which had wonderful views, on this occasion we were on the 15th floor and the room had a damp smell when you entered. We were only staying for 2 nights &amp; we were hardly ever in the room but had we been staying longer I would have asked to change rooms.The location can't be better; right on Nanjing Rd, the reception staff were very professional and check-in/check-out was very quick. the flower arrangements in the lobby are amazing and the candles make it a very relaxing place especially in the evening. We didn't eat at the restaurant so can't comment on the food but we always enjoyed a drink in the bar in the evenings where service was faultless.I would stay at the Sofitel again but would request the room on our first visit.	
Jan 6 2009 	Badly in need of a renovation	Nice lobby, but rooms are badly in need of work. Bed is rock-hard. Combo shower/tub	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Stay	booked a club room via hotel website - only because that was the only room available!! However we were glad we did in the end, the club benefits were excellent. Private check-in on 30th floor. Our room was on 25th floor &amp; we had the best view!! view of oriental pearl &amp; river from our room window!! hotel is well located short-walk to bund, markets &amp; corner store.club breakfast on 30th floor was terrific, selection of food was great &amp; quality was top notch. staff were very attentive.We made sure we made the free 6pm-8pm club drinks &amp; this was superb, a selection of premium beers, wine, scotch &amp; even cognac was avaiable as well as excellent finger food. Room was very good.Hotel highly recommended - spend the money for club benefits	
Dec 13 2008 	Room is great but the service is not	I believe Sofitel is a 5 star property but the service is really not there. F &amp; B- food in the chinese restaurant &quot;Mao&quot; is expensive and the taste is average.- breakfast at the cafe is the same daily. Got tired of the food after 1 week. Quality and taste is good though. - service staff are slow and inefficient although the cafe is not crowded. They stand around talking instead of clearing plates and topping up coffee or tea. I have to ask for top up everyday. I did see a Caucasian lady who moves very fast to do clearing and service the guests but not the local staff. - I asked for a fresh hot waffle and they asked if they could heat up the cold one that has been laying there.- we had a la carte orders at the cafe one night and the food taste terrible. It was difficult to get the attention of the staff eg. to get a glass of water. The restaurant was very quiet with just a few guests but they are nowhere to be seen. I did see 3-4 of them standing at the cashier counter and entrance but is it necessary?- 1 order of sandwich through room service took 45 minutes although the staff said 25 minutes. No follow up call to say that it would be delayed.Housekeeping- took away our drinking water and did not replenish. We have to ask for it.- did not replenish the bath gel but fortunately I brought my own- nice fruit platter given on the first day but staff did not bother to clear or change the rotten fruit after that. I do not expect to be given a fruit plate daily but could at least remove the rotten fruit or remove the whole plate. - floor is not clean. Our feet turn &quot;black&quot; when we walk bare footed in the room- toilet seat cover was broken for the whole week I was there but never repaired. I assume they did not clean it for the whole week because they would have discovered that it is broken. Security- saw lots of them around the hotel which is good but never smiling. Maybe they are supposed to be more &quot;serious&quot;.Room- the room is nice and cozy with extremely comfortable beds and pillows. Even the extra bed which I slept on is great. - the lock and the handle on the sliding door at the toilet is quite difficult to handle. I was fiddling with it for 5 minutes before I could get out. - same goes to the wardrobe door. Not practical. - sufficient storage space for luggage and clothes- many tv channels to choose fromFront Desk- staff who did the check in for us were very friendly and efficientLocation is fantastic. Lots of shopping malls, shops and restaurants nearby. I would love to return to Shanghai in the future but would choose to stay in another hotel. There are many choices to choose from.	
Nov 25 2008 	Overpriced	First night in Shanghai and China. Was very impressed with the lobby. The restaurant was nice, but the location was very close to a lot of others. Found the rooms small and the cigarette smoke is very noticeable. Staff slightly aloof. Stay was nice, but on our last night stayed at the Riverside Bund and that was super.	
Nov 22 2008 	Wonderful Staff Excellent Location Best in Shanghai	I chose this hotel based on fellow reviewers' experiences and finding out more from the hotel website, where we did our booking too.It certainly gave us one of best hotel experience; here are the reasons:1.Excellent location, right into the Nanjing Pedestrian Walk (East) which close to Nanjing Rd East EXIT 1 from Metro Subway, around 5 minute walk (to right side from Hotel 1st floor)2. Surrounded by Fast Food Rest. and Department Store &amp; Various Stores which opens until 10pm3. Wonderful Staff; from their nice Security Staff (from every entrance), helpful concierge staff, friendly reception staff and efficient Housekeeping staff. For those taking Maglev train from Airport &amp; Subway to Nanjing Rd East ( 20-30 minutes trip compares to taxi of 1.5 hours), please take Exit No. 1, then turn to your Right side, walk along the road, the Hotel will be on opposite side, looked for Haagen Daaz Ice Cream Restaurant which is next to the Hotel Sofitel- Nanjing Street entrance. We filled in the online feedback and suggested more Signage to be put up around the Subway, we didn't see any prominent signage and added with difficulty of local people who seemed not too aware about name of the Hotel, the Hotel took our suggestion seriously so hopefully fellow traveller will find the hotel easier in the future.	
Oct 23 2008 	Beautiful Hotel	The Sofitel Hyland Shanghai was a great place to end our 12 day visit to China. The lobby is beautiful and the staff was efficient. The concierge was very helpful when were needed to go to addresses that were not very familiar. We got to both locations easily with his written Chinese addresses. Breakfast was included in our room rate and was wonderful. The croissants were fabulous.Our room was well appointed and had everything we needed including chocolate at bedtime. We had a view of the city. The hotel is located right on Nanjing Road and is very convenient to everything. It's walking diatance to the Bund.	
Oct 9 2008 	Good hotel with busy central location	This is a good hotel, although not quite in the same class as the Sofitel in Xi'an. I think the only thing I really did not like was that the hotel opens right onto Nanjing Road which is always heaving and you get mobbed by hawkers selling $10 Rolexes and $15 Versace handbags whenever you step out - still many will like this central location.We had a Club room on a high floor with a great view over the Pudong and the Club facilities were really good (again not as great as Xi'an). Our room was large and clean with a lovely bathroom.We ate once in the restaurant on the ground floor which was a good/average buffet although they do also have a la carte. We ate one night at a bar called Five on the Bund (about 10 minutes walk), which was good fun. We also got in a cab one evening and went to the Ruijin Hotel complex in the French Concession which has lots of bars and restaurants - we had a few drinks in Face Bar and a curry in Huzara - all great. Another interesting place for dinner would be the Zintiandi area - we had a nice lunch in KABB.	
Oct 6 2008	Excellent hotel in Excellent Location	This Hotel is superb. We stayed for 3 nights and we were not disappointed. We stayed in a Club Room and I have to say it was well worth the extra cash. Club Rooms have their own Check in on the 30th Floor. This is also where you have breakfast and this was the best breakfast we had during our trip to China. The breads etc are beautiful. As Club Room residents, you also get free internet on the 30th floor and between 6pm and 8pm each night there are free drinks and canapés which was a nice touch.The Hotel is on the main shopping street and close to the Bund. Infact it’s a great location for everything. We found it much easier to walk everywhere than get taxis. You just spend half your time in traffic if you taxi everywhere.I would truly recommend this hotel to anyone. Staff are attentive, food is good, décor is clean and modern and service is just second to none. Loved it!!	
Oct 3 2008 	Lovely Sofitel Hyland Shanghai	I recently returned from a five night stay at the Sofitel Hyland in Shanghai. A very nice hotel in the heart of the shopping district on East Nanjing Road. The staff was always polite, courteous and always willing to help. The room was rather small but very adequate. The breakfast buffet was plentiful with a nice choice in both Chinese and Western fare. And because the hotel is French owned and run, the baguettes and desserts were wonderful. I also enjoyed the dinner buffet featuring Asian and Western food. However, one can also order a la carte or dine in other restaurants in the hotel. The location of the hotel is in walking distance to the Bund, Shanghai Museum, Shanghai Grand Theater and the Urban Planning Museum. All in all, I would surely stay at the Sofitel Hyland again.	
Aug 24 2008 	Good Business Hotel	Sofitel Hyland is right in the middle of the Nanjing Road shopping area. This is a high end hotel with all the western conveniences and good service. Everyone speaks English and is willing to help with taxi, airport arrangements and in-town dinners. I stay on business and have not tried to arrange any tourist stuff thru them. Meals are good, but not great. The 7th floor is a spa with a small workout room. Most of the spa business appears to be massages and grooming. Room rates are expensive, even for Shanghai, but no hassles or problems for western travelers.	
Aug 22 2008 	Loved the Sofitel	I loved the Sofitel Hyland! The location of the hotel can not be beat. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean- I would definitely recommend staying here when you visit Shanghai.	
Jul 17 2008 	Sofitel Hyland - great location	Stayed at the Sofitel Hyland for a two week business trip in Shanghai. I was expecting some fairly good things of this &quot;luxury&quot; french branded hotel, and I have to say that it didn't necessarily live up to my expectations.We were met at the airport by the hotel car, a service which is excellent for a first time visitor (although marginally overpriced) and much more comfortable than spending an hour in the ubiquitous VW Santana taxi and FAR less nerve-wracking.On first arrival at the hotel just before midnight, check in was very quick, the bellboys taking our cases off us and delivering them a moment or two after walking into my room. First impression of my room on the 18th floor was &quot;is that it?&quot;. It was certainly clean and tidy, though mildly shabby in places, just unexciting. The bed was comfortable without being exceptional, the bathroom pleasant but not luxurious and the view that I had was of the high rise under construction opposite.Breakfast the next morning (and for the next two weeks) was perfectly okay, with a wide range of choices, hot and cold, healthy and not so healthy, local and Western. The main gripes were that the tea and coffee were frequently served lukewarm, and the service often rather patchy.The bellboys were very helpful every morning in helping get a taxi, and making sure the driver knew where to take us. The concierge also helping out by writing down addresses in chinese. The main plus point of this hotel though, is it's location. It's been remarked by other reviewers that many places are within walking distance, the Bund, the Jin Mao tower (WELL worth a visit and either a drink in the bar or a meal in the restaurant) and the main Nanjing Road shopping area itself. Some may find the hawkers (selling everything from fake Rolexes to Gucci handbags, as well as &quot;personal services&quot;) a pain, but most are easily brushed off with a simple &quot;No thanks&quot;. Some of the beggars are a little more persistent though.I was quite ready to leave after two weeks, but that was no fault of the hotel. The service received was mostly efficient and mostly friendly. The facilities were mostly good, and the food was mostly decent. All in all, it was nearly a good experience, just falling a little short in several ways. Would I go back? Probably, though would be tempted to explore some of the other options in the area first.	
Jun 25 2008	loved the sofitel hyland !	We stayed here in November 07 and it was an amazing hotel. The concierges and check in staff are very nice and speak very good english. It is in one of the best possible locations in Shanghai, Nanjing Road. The rooms are small, yet clean, but still nice. It`s also within minutes from the bund, and the Nanjing road metro station. The breakfast was amazing here, and i cannot wait to return.	
May 21 2008 	Great Central Location	We liked this hotel because of its location to much of Shanghai's city attractions. We could walk to the Bund, Renmin Park, Pudong, etc. The room was more than adequate. Staff very helpful regarding places to visit, suggested destinations, etc. and English was spoken and understood well Front Desk and Concierge staff. With so much dining choices in Shanghai, no need to eat in at the hotel. Breakfast buffet was great.	
Apr 4 2008 	A Great Location	A comfortable European style hotel. I appreciated this place even more having been in Kunshan for the prevous 6 days. The room was small, clean and comfortable. The bedding was very comfortable. The lounge area was nice and I ate lightly and sampled some of the beers from the on-site brewery (A real treat). Service was good. I had to depart early (before 06:00) the next morning. I made taxi arrangements with hotel and ordered a room service breakfast for 05:30. The food was delivared on time and was delicious.The hotel fronts on a busy shopping area that is full of restaurants and night life.I definitely would stay here again when I have the opportunity.	
Mar 31 2008 	Still a great hotel very nice club lounge	A little more than a year after my last stay, I returned on business. I really like this hotel. It is very nicely decorated. I used the gym, it was adequate, and the spa, the massage was nice. I stayed in a club room which gave me access to the top floor lounge. It was very nice with a great view. The breakfast up there was very good (better than in the Horizon lounge at the China World Shangri-La in Beijing).	
Jan 20 2008 	Great location but small rooms	This hotel has one of the best locations of any hotel in Shanghai. Its right on the Nanjing pedestrian Street with countless shops and a great atmoshere at your doorstep. However, other than the hotels restaurants, you wont find much in the way of dining besides fast food close to the hotel.Our room was a little on the small side, with a combined bath/shower. However the bed was confortable and the amendities in the room were sufficient. We booked on the accor.com website and managed to get the hotel for under AUD$100 a night incl tax.Overall a great hotel and I would stay there again, just probably get an upgrade to a bigger room.	
Jan 18 2008 	Location location location	Stayed here as part of a tour around China in October 2006 for 3 nights.Room was comfortable and clean, pretty standard and a good size which is what you would expect for an international chain of this standard. What really sets this hotel apart is it's location and the breakfast!First off the breakfast is really rather good, with a good selection of pastries, breads, juices, plus chinese and western breakfast staples (the egg chef makes a really mean omlette too) to get a good start on the day. Waiting staff were typically attentive and efficient refreshing my coffee cup almost every time I turned my back!But the main selling point of this hotel is the location. If you want to be right in the heart of the action then this is the place, you are right on the Nanjing road 10 minutes walk to the Bund, there is so much life here I spent 20 minutes one morning just watching some people taking part in a dance class in the square below. For those pining for the tastes of the West there is a KFC and a McDonalds yards from the hotel (ideal for a late night snack if you don't want to pay room service prices).There may be better hotels in Shanghai in terms of comfort and luxury, but there are few that can beat the Sofitel for location and quality of staff service	
Jan 16 2008 	Great Location!!!	As mentioned by previous reviews, this hotel is an a great location which is right on pedestrian street of Nanjing Rd. I had high expectations on the rooms based from the pictures on the website but the standard room is not one of them. But, it wasn't that bad and the facilities are clean. My only complaint was with the connecting room I booked for my children wherein the aircon controls where not working.The concierge was helpful in getting a taxi for us on our way back to the airport by making sure the drivers (we got 2 taxis) understood which airport we are going to since almost all cab drivers we have encountered does not understand English. With this, make sure you have the hotels/other sites address in Chinese or else you'll have a difficult time telling driver where you're headed.	
Jan 5 2008 	Not so great if you are in a Superior Room	The superior room was not that great . Yes, I know that it is the most basic room but there are still standards that apply. The carpet was very stained and the air-con was out of control. Thank goodness it was the middle of winter or we may have evaporated into a mist. Also, in the bath they had this horrible rubber mat stuck in the bathtub - made my toes curl. The website is clever and you have to be eagle-eyed to realise that the free broadband and seperate bath/shower applies to the Club Sofitel rooms and not the superior room.....I'm sure they don't mean to be misleading (sic). Paying for broadband in your room is so old school these days (120 RMB for 24 hours) but we could access the internet for free in the hotel lobby. Concierge were helpful and housekeeping kept our room neat and tidy. And, yes...the beds are VERY Comfortable. I'm sure that the great reviews about the Sofitel are from those that have stayed in the Club Sofitel rooms. Finally. Yes, the Sofitel Hyland is a great location if you are going to hang out at The Bund all day but it was winter and freezing so we found ourselves walking towards Old Town/French Concession each day where most of the cool restaurants and funky shops seem to be.	
Dec 31 2007 	Great location	This is an older property and the rooms reflect this. Room size is not large, even a bit cramped. Bathroom is OK but clean.But the location is hard to beat. It's right on Nanjing Road, in the middle of the busiest shopping sections where it's pedestrian only. It's not far away from the Bund (15 mins walking).	
Dec 10 2007 	Nice and quiet in bustling area of Shanghai	I arrived onsite to make the booking (it was late at night). It was for a business trip, and I had to stay in a single suite due to the availability). For the price, the stay was alright. It cost me 3000+ RMB/night for 2 nights. Its breakfast was great! Though I would have to say that the lobby does not justify the comfort of the rooms. Check in was fine. The people were nice and professional.Conclusion:The stay was alright given the price. Won't exactly call it worth the value. I believe the Westin Bund Center or the Royal Le Meridien would be better with the price range (in terms of the hotel rooms, that is). But the place is quiet. Good for travellers wanting a good rest.	
Nov 22 2007 	On Pedestrian Street	The Sofitel in Shanghai has a great location. It is right in the middle of Nanjing Road, the pedestrian street. The facilities are excellent although personnel at the front desk were either totally new or not very competent. It took forever to check-in, forever to change money, forever to ask for anything.	
Nov 18 2007 	Modern and comfortable	Stayed one night in a suite. One of the most comfortable hotel beds every encountered. Both the living room and bedroom had large LCD screen TVs. As mentioned by many reviewers, the location is a big plus point as it is a short distance (10 min walk) to the Bund and right in the middle of the famous Nanjing Road pedestrian mall. Only complaint is the internet charge of RM120/day. By Chinese hotel standards, this is an outrageous price.	
Oct 15 2007 	Highly recommend the Sofitel Hyland	My wife and I have just returned from 5 nights at the Sofitel Hyland. It is a very comfortable hotel in a fantastic location with immediate access to Nanjing Road. it is within walking distance to the Metro, the Bund and to Peoples Square. The rooms were very comfortable (the bathroom was small ... but so what) and the beds were great - firm. Breakfast was excellent. The staff were helpful. A very comfortable 3 - 4 star hotel in a great location. I highly recommend it.	
Sep 26 2007	Loved the Sofitel Hyland Shanghai	We stayed for a week at the Sofitel Hyland Shanghai. We booked it through the Accor web, where they said they guaranteed the lowest price ( and it was true!). We paid about 60 Euros plus tax and it was a really nice experience.- Hotel Lobby is renewed: very modern, very nice.- Staff is very attentive and they speak English ( not so frequent in China, so you will love this!)- the whole hotel is very clean and well decorated- rooms were large and very modern. Beds were GREAT! Sofitel has something related to their bed experience and it is really good. Our room was quite silent, even when it was just in front of a square with lots of people since very early in the morning.- the sight through our window was un believable: just in front of a square, so many lights on every building... great. - our bathroom was not one of the renewed, but was quite new, even though. Very comfortable, all in white. Nice.- Internet access was good.- the hotel has several restaurants, good level and good food.And LOCATION: is is just in the middle of everything. Excellent location. One of the entrances faces a walking street were Mardi Grass is held during February.In a few words, I could not believe we got such a good hotel for such a low price! I expected much less, I should say.You will be offered an upgrade to a renewed room, with breakfast included, just per 20 Euros more. It is a good option, bathrooms are absolutely new and room has a different decoration, more minimalist and modern. We did not take this option.If you have to stay in Shanghai, I definitely suggest you take this option (unless you plan to work in the business district, which is a little far from this hotel).	
Sep 16 2007 	Great Location	I've stayed in this hotel three times and always booked Club Sofitel rooms, which have been superb. The Club lounge offers great views of the city and a decent breakfast.The location is excellent for the main sights (Nanjing Road, Peoples Square and The Bund), but the downside is the hawkers harrassing you as soon as you walk out of the door, trying to sell you watches, handbags or a &quot;lady massage&quot;.There's a metro station nearby and it's much easier and cheaper to use the Maglev train and metro to reach the hotel from the airport than using a taxi; car journeys in Shanghai are pretty terrifying until you get used to the chaotic driving - I've only seen one accident in four business trips.Just be wary of friendly locals wanting to practice their English and then offering to take you for a drink or to view a tea ceremony - they're both scams to rip you off e.g. 1000RMB for the tea ceremony or huge bar bills for vastly overpriced drinks - you have been warned!	
Sep 8 2007	great hotel!	did spent 3 nites at the end of sept,great hotel and location. after reading bad reviews regarding this hotel,i decided to go anyway,i upgraded my room to the &quot;sofitel club&quot; which is the top floor with their own lobby ,front desk,and complimentary breakfast and computer access for $120 a nite!! this hotel is fews minutes from the bund and pudong.i do work for 5 stars hotel resort around the world and this hotel was GREAT! the staffs spoke very well english and they were very helpful with all my needs. this hotel is great for leisure or business.enjoy your trip : )	
Sep 4 2007	A mixed bag !	Four of us spent 5 nights at the Sofitel Hyland late August 2007. We were a family group consisting of my Mother, Daughter, Sister and myself. The booking was for 2 superior rooms with twin beds. We chose this hotel for a number of reasons, most importantly two points, location (slap bang on Nanging Rd ) and the room description on the official web site, stating separate shower. This was to make showering easier for my 70 year old Mother. Not so simple to climb into a bath to shower! We also liked the picture on the net of a superior room. On arrival at the hotel we were given rooms on the 16th floor. Avoid rooms 1622 and 1601. They are NOT renovated and very small with worn furniture. The view is of a construction site, the rooms being on the back side of the Hotel. The bathroom was quite a shock. Shower over the bath!!! Very small. Exiting the bath had to be done at the far end or you would step out into the toilet! The air conditioning in room 1601 was barely working. On raising concerns with reception we were told the hotel was very full and moving us would be very difficult. No explanation wes given for the difference in the room to the picture shown on the web site. An offer was made to send a repair man up to fix the aircon. The temperatures in Shanghai at that time were 32 to 36 degrees C. After some tinkering the aircon improved enough to keep the room reasonable as long as a door card was left in the power slot 24/7. We have sent an e-mail to the Hotel Manager relating our disappointment and concerns. At some point in the future I will report back on the reply.On the positive side breakfasts were superb in variety and quality. Wonderful value for money and set us up for the day.Location is also fantastic being on Nanging Rd and between two Metro stations.	
Sep 2 2007 	Good value!	Good location, rooms have the tipical Sofitel Standard, breakfast and service are also good. All is at very good 4-star level. Yes it is not 5-star, but very good 4-star quality (and better as many so called 5-star hotels). And in addition, it is a good deal, compared to other hotels in Shanghai that are much more expensive, but not on a higher standard. You know what you get at a Sofitel!	
Aug 22 2007	Location PLUS!	Spent 26, 27, 28 July 2007 at Sofitel Hyland on the Club floor which was definitely the way to go at a time when China was SO HOT! Days around high 30s degrees C, and nights not much better! I wouldn't recommend this time of year to travel in China though if you are looking to attend the Olympics (August 2008) I would go to Shanghai after Beijing when it might be a few degrees cooler and when sightseeing is not such an uncomfortably hot chore. Sofitel Hyland is very well located within walking distance (even with heavy backpacks) of metro. We had great views to the Pearl Tower. (if you could peer through the air pollution!) The airconditioning worked well, thankfully! Shanghai isn't cheap, but I would recommend you pay the extra and stay on their Club level; it's worth it, especially if you aren't travelling with your own laptop, as you have free access to internet (3 computers) and their &quot;happy hour&quot; showers you with nibbles aplenty. I travelled with my 18y.o. son who is studying this year at Nanjing Uni., so he had great chats with the local staff and enjoyed his days of luxury beyond his university dorm! There's an Aussie Manager (Anthony, ex Adelaide guy) on staff who is such a wag: he's terrific and his wealth of hotel experience from home, Hong Kong, and other Asian cities within the ACCOR group probably gives the hotel a bit of an edge in terms of service, though we didn't hear too many other Australian accents while we were there. This Sofitel is right at the head of Nanjing Lu, the pedestrian walk,and nearby a ridiculous number of shops selling &quot;pearl&quot; jewellery. Easy to get a taxi to and from, and plenty of buffet breakfast choice with a wide range of appealing cereals and fruits which are a blessing if one is not into cooked breakfasts! Unfortunately, no swimming pool which in high summer was something we missed, but we were too busy sightseeing to use it much anyway. Corporates will however enjoy the currently-being constructed outdoor entertaining area on the 7th floor where Anthony is overseeing huge improvements which will mean balmy nights can be spent in a brilliantly landscaped area capable of holding over 300 people. All in all, a well located and presented hotel. But do yourself a favour and buy (from the Foreign Bookstore in Fuzhou St, near Waygong Hotel) an up-to-date and easy to decipher street map. The one from Sofitel is dreadful.	
Aug 22 2007 	Right On Nanjing Rd - Great Location!	I just spent an amazing week in Shanghai and I stayed at The Sofitel Hyland for the whole duration.Location is perfect as it is right on Nanjing Road which is like the 'Las Vegas Strip' of Shanghai. Full of life and energy and the road just looks amazing at night.The room was smaller than I expected. The view was incredible, it was a great feeling waking up and seeing the Pearl Tower. The beds and pillows were very comfortable. The only thing was that the sheets were not tucked in properly, so presentation was messy. I was suprised as the sheets were not changed at all. I stayed for a week and it should be standard for them to clean it, twice at least. I noticed this because I accidently spilt something on the sheets and they didn't even change it?Bathroom was good and had all the ammenties. The shower head was tricky to turn on. Just remember to pull the nozzle out from the tap for the shower to work.The restaurant was nice and the breakfast is definitly worth getting. Didn't get sick from the restaurant food! yay. Staff on some occassions weren't that attentive. Had to ask for a pot of coffee 3 times before he brought it out. There was a big buffett selection. They really should have labelling or nametag next to the foods. Didn't know what some of the chinese dishes were. The Business Centre charges 3RMB a minute! Extortion! But I had no choice as I needed to check my flights just before I was checking out. There was an internet place that my friend did find and he said that it was 10RMB an hour on Nanjing Rd. But some advice that he suggested was that you have to show your passport as they scan it and they record what websites that you use on the net. It's a goverment thing. I requested for a late check-out and that gave me till 2pm which was perfect. I was able to do some last minute shopping around Nanjing Rd and then head to the airport in the afternoon.Just keep in mind that it is really difficult to get a taxi and that wasn't just Nanjing Rd, it was all over Shanghai. Try and get the staff in the lobby on Level 2 to run down and grab one for you.This is the hotel to be at, if you want to be in the middle of all the action!	
Aug 19 2007	Simply Superior Sofitel	My husband &amp; I spent 10 nights at the Sofitel in July. I must admit to being slightly concerned after reading so many negative reviews about it on this forum. We could not fault this Hotel in anyway what so ever, in fact I think I tried hard to find a fault with it, but to no avail. The beds were very comfortable and the pillows were amazing. The staff at reception were very helpful and we ceratinly could not complain about their lack of English, in fact it was very good, and of course MUCH better than our Chinese, and we were the visitors in THEIR country. Our room was a little on the small side but nothing to worry about. It was very clean, everything worked and there were no bad smells as reported by previous travellers. Even the cleaning ladies were lovely. Breakfast was a real treat, being able to look out over Nanjing Rd, watching the Tai Chi, exercises, dancing and the locals just going about their normal everyday life. The food was excellent, a huge variety, everything one could possibly want and more. Lastly, the one thing that everyone seems to agree on, the location just cannot be beaten. You are right in the middle of Shanghai's main pedestrian street. It is an experience just to sit and people watch, especially the little trains that run up and down carrying weary tourists.We would highly recommend the Sofitel Hyland to anyone and will most certainly stay there again.	
Jul 2 2007 	Drippy noise	We were on a tour and had no trouble acquiring non-smoking rooms in our hotels, however, after leaving the group and coming to this hotel there were no nonsmoking rooms available - they would cost extra, and the window leaked when it rained. The hotel also charged us for included breakfasts and it took one hour to rectify the bill through our tour guide. Will not go back to China again.	
May 18 2007	Good Location - a bit pricey	This was my second stay at this Sofitel. In 2006 the lobby was being renovated and this year it was all new and shiny :-) I have to say the location of this hotel is great for walking, shopping etc. however its not great for taxis as it took about 10 minutes during busy times just to get out on to the main road. Room was nice and pleasant but nothing to write home about for club rates. Breakfast in the club lounge was tasty and the view was great. I agree with the other reviewer, the staff never told us about the additional items that could be ordered :-( A colleague stayed there with me and she had terrible problems with the temperature in her room. Mine was fine.	
May 16 2007	Sofitel Hyland is fantastic	This is one of my favourite hotels in the World. Location is fantastic. The bar area on the second floor has just been refurbished and it is great. The rooms are modern and the facilities first class. I cannot understand how some people said it was disappointing. I suppose some are just hard to please.The club floor and restaurant offers a great place to work or unwind. The club breakfast is very good offering something for everyone. But the location is what sets this Hotel apart.	
May 6 2007 	Disappointing	We chose this hotel because of its location and we thought the rates thru the hotel website were reasonable for club facilities (free broadband in rooms).However, we were very disappointed with the club room we got as it was small and toilet was TINY! The toilet flush was extremely frustrating as it took a few flushes to clear and there is a minute waiting between each flush!!! The toilet sink plumbing was also bad.At the Lounge was even more disappointing as they only served 2 types of mini canapes 6pm onwards. Breakfast was average for some silly reason the Club staff does not inform guests that there is additional menu to their displayed breakfast buffet. We only found out when we overheard regular guests asking.Overall Shanghai is an interesting city for food lovers but the lack of taxi ques really spoiled our trip. On our last night it was raining and after shopping we literally had to fight for a taxi. Basically most tourists basically become as rude as the locals in order to survive is my conclusion on Shanghai:-( Definitely would not return to this hotel.	
Apr 25 2007	Nice! Breathtaking view!	Stayed for 3 nites as part of a China tour. Nice facility, smallish room but adequate. Billed as being on the best shopping street in China, which could be right, but it wasn't the sort of shopping experience I was looking for in China-very western.The room we were assigned overlooked the river, Bund, and the huge TV tower, and the view was breathtaking, especially at nite. The skyscrapers were lit up like a huge Las Vegas!Room did not have an iron nor ironing board and the hairdryer blew hot air for about 3 minutes and then only cold. Had some laundry done and the prices were not as costly as in other facilities. Breakfast was lavish, with a wide variety of food and some French specialities. Staff was pleasant, bed comfortable.All in all, I would recommend this property.	
Apr 18 2007 	Loved our stay at the Sofitel	We spent 6 nights in April at the Sofitel. The location was superb -- right on the pedestrian mall and within walking distance to the Bund, various department stores, and Renmin Square. We were always within 10-15 minutes by taxi to anywhere we wanted to visit in Shanghai. The concierge/bell boys were always helpful in making sure our destinations were written in Chinese. The taxi card and maps handed out by the Soiftel were very helpful. We even used the subway to go the Shanghai Circus station to see the Chinese acrobats and the French concession.We upgraded to Club Sofitel, and it was well worth the extra money. We got a one bedroom suite: one bedroom, spacious bathroom, and a living room where we had a rollaway bed for our daughter. We checked in on the 30th floor; used the internet there and in our room for free; had cocktails/appetizers, breakfast there, although we chose to have breakfast on the 2nd floor for the wide variety of breakfast selections and the opportunity to see the tai chi and dances on Nanjing Road.We ate at two noodle shops adjacent to the Sofitel as well as a noddle place across the way. They had English menus so ordering was no problem. We also discovered the underground shopping mall at Renmin Square. A wonderful gesture: our daughter's 18th birthday occurred during our stay. The management sent up a delicious birthday cake. We didn't tell the Sofitel it was our daughter's birthday -- they must have noticed her birthday on her passport.BTW, for a short taxi ride away, we went to Dragonfly (in the French concession -- concierge has the addresses) for a wonderful Chinese massage, very reasonable price.	
Apr 17 2007 	Five star location two and a half star hotel	Great location, close to all the stuff you want to see in Shanghai, many within easy walking distance, but the hotel itself? The room amenities were quite basic (even though they were &quot;very pleased to upgrade our reservation to a suite at no extra charge&quot;) and somewhat aged and out of date. The service from the staff was average, but no better. And seriously, on top of $200 US per night for this, they have the stones to - with a straight face - announce they want 3RMB PER MINUTE for molasses-slow Internet access? Come on, this is the 21st century. From where I sit, a 5-star location and a 2-star hotel still doesn't add up to a good deal when you're paying a 4-star price. Try the Ho-Jo down the street instead.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great Location Great Hotel Slightly Expensive...	When arriving at 11am our room was ready. Check in lady tried to sellus a better room off the spot, but since I found my standard expensive enough already, I didn't go for it. Lucky I didn't. My standard room was great, huge, with a sofa area and a large bathroom.Due to my membership in &quot;Sofitel Privilège&quot; a got a nice orchid bouquet and some fruit beside a note from the general manager as a welcome present.Breakfast is extremely nice, great buffet and wonderful atmosphere in the restaurant. Perfect to wake up to! Overall I was very happy with Sofitel Hyland, even though there might be cheaper places to stay in Shanghai. But the location and the product makes up for that.	
Apr 1 2007 	Club Sofitel is worth it	We went to Shanghai during the national holidays in Oct 2006 - as you will see from the photos it is teeming with people at this time of the year. The Hotel is located in a very convenient and central part of the city - Nanjing road and walking distance from the famous Bund.We had a Club Sofitel suite which was very good. What we liked about the hotel: the beds were superb, brand new and tasteful bathrooms, prime location, excellent breakfast (complimentary), canapes and drinks in the evening (complimentary), free internet access. Room service was good, and I tried the spa for the massage which was very good but as others have stated probably quite expensive. Went to the gym which was quiet due to the absence of people - this was the only disappointment. For a hotel in this class, it deserves a better gym.Must do: visit the Bund and have drinks in one of the bars on top of the buildings there (I forget the name - 21 on the Bund?), visit the Shanghai museum, go to Xintiandi for drinks/dinner, and of course shopping. The concierge is very helpful and can guide you. Also make sure you pick up a tourist map from the hotel which has an excellent listing of the places to visit and things to do. I found it very useful.Overall - great hotel, but upgrade to Club class for a better experience.	
Mar 25 2007 	Overpriced but great location for sightseeing but not shopping	We were on a China packaged tour and upgraded to this hotel based on the tripadvisor reviews. (Paid an extra $150 a night for our 3 nights in Shanghai).Since we are Sofitel members we were upgraded to the concierge level and glad we were since other guests were not happy with their regular rooms. Ours was nice but tiny even by NY hotel comparison. Bedding and mattress was the best in our China tour! Check-in and out and breakfast on the club level on the 30th floor which also has complimentatry alcoholic drinks and some chinese snacks at 6:30pm happy hour.Location is good for the Bund and People Square. Nanjing Road is like a little Times Squares with all the lights and stores but is no longer the ideal place to go shopping in Shanghai either for upmarket or discount items. Also gets very annoying to be approached every 50 feet by folks trying to sell fake watches and bags when walking with my wife or offers for a lady sex massage when walking alone. Would not advise going for either offers since I heard some nightmare stories. Also many obnoxious beggars with kids and toddlers in tow. Whatever you do, don't give them any money!!!Overall happy with our stay but thought it was a bit overpriced and disappointed that Nanjing Road is no longer the hub for shopping.	
Mar 17 2007	A decidedly mixed experience chez Sofitel	Stayed four days at the Sofitel as part of an educational tour with MBA students. Had a single room, 11th floor, that hadn't benefited from the renovation process. The carpet was stained, the bathroom fixtures were old and clunky, the closet was so shallow that I couldn't close the door with clothes hanging, the TV never did work, and the clothes I sent through the laundry came back smelling like Hangpu river water. On the up side, if you like the Nanjing Dong Lu experience the location is good. It's an easy walk to the Bund or Peoples' Square. The staff was attentive, and the breakfast buffet had a nice selection. But if location isn't your primary criteria, there are much nicer places at comparable prices (especially the Crowne Plaza Fudan).	
Mar 13 2007 	What a great location	I agree with the previous comments that if you stay at this hotel you have everything at your doorstep. Unbeatable! I and my friend stayed in a club Sofitel room and the check in was so smooth and effecient on the 30th floor. The room and bathroom where large and bright. The Sofitel bed concept was great and I had the best bed ever on a trip to China ( my third visit). Beds in Asian hotels can be very hard but these where excellent. The views are great if you stay on the higher floors but be aware that there is construction site on one side of the hotel and that might be disturbing if staying on a low floor.The service in the Club lounge on the 30t floor was very good. The staff was numerous and tried to help you with whatever problem you had- in my case ranging from finding a local telephonenumber to get my jackets from the tailor. Always friendly and polite. You have free drinks between 6pm and 8 pm and then soft drinks and coffee the rest of the time. Breakfast is buffet style but you also get a menu card with a list of various breakfast items to choose from. The view from the lounge is magnificant. My only disappointment was the spa. I had a manicure with a chineese lady that did not do a job that she was trained for. She could speak no English and I just gave up trying to get at least the same treatment for both my hands. The Spa is quite expensive and my friend who loves massages went to one of the numerous places just outside the hotel and got both massage and a facial for the fraction of the price that the hotel charged.But my overall judgement about this hotel is that it is a very good choice for a city stay.	
Feb 18 2007	great base in shanghai	Stayed 4 nights at the Sofitel Hyland. Great central location on Nanjing Rd., within walking distance to the Bund, Renming Sq., etc. Subway station's just a short walk away. The room I had was quiet and very comfortable. I found the hotel to be a great value for the price. An ideal base for looking around Shanghai.	
Jan 24 2007 	Can't beat the Location	We found some positives and negatives, which are the same as a number of other reviewers but overall recommend it. We just can't go past the location and you can often get it at a good price it seems. Other pluses were that the room was comfortable for the price --(I agree though that it sounds like the club rooms are much better --we had a basic one on a low floor without much view) -- the staff was friendly (perhaps not always efficient) and the Malaysian/Thai special buffet they put on was good as a change. Some negatives included a half hour check in while they rearranged rooms, a long time to process any payments, which seemed to need three people, a strong smell of varnish in the lobby on several days, a very basic (but clean) bathroom and, like another reviewer , airconditioning that wouldn't turn down, despite them telling us they fixed it. (It was the same for others in our family in their rooms too). That would have often put us off the hotel. But overall as long as you're not expecting a 5 star, to us the location and value for money more than made up for the negatives.	
Jan 22 2007 	nice hotel	Stay here for three nights. The hotel is located in the middle of NanJing Rd. Easy access to buses and subway.The room was good size and bed was comfortable.	
Jan 17 2007 	Superb hotel great rooms fantastic location!	We settled on the Sofitel Hyland Shanghai after evaluating a number of options for our winter holiday vacation to China. We knew we wanted to be centrally located (it is 15 min walking distance to the Bund, in the HEART of shopping and site seeing, and very close to the subway) and also stay in a luxurious and relaxing hotel. Look no further, the Sofitel Hyland is it!You can get to the hotel from the airport via taxi for about 145 yuan (takes about an hour). This is pretty cheap (in fact taxis overall are very cheap and we recommend them) and it is probably best to arrive via taxi. Going back to the airport, however, you will want to take either a taxi or subway to the famous Maglev high speed train station in the city that gets you to the airport in about 7 minutes. It is a tourist destination of its own and actually even cheaper than a taxi.Most of the action of the city (in fact all of our trip) was West of the river. There are things to do East of the river (e.g., like the big TV tower) but we do not recommend staying over there, you can easily get there and back. There are nice hotels there, the famous one I think is the new Park Hyatt. Anyhow, the Sofitel Hyland is in the absolute center of the city, on the famous Nanjing Shopping Road. We happened to be there on 12/31 and the New Year's celebration occurs at the front door of the hotel -- this gives you an idea of it centrality.We contemplated a lot about whether to spend the extra money on a Club Sofitel level room and decided in the end to go for it -- we are glad we did! While the entire hotel has been renovated, the Club Sofitel rooms are a tad nicer and they offer you access to the lounge which was really really great! In the morning, the lounge offers a nice free breakfast buffet, in addition to a pretty broad menu that you can also order your favorite breakfast foods from (e.g., eggs, pancakes, french toast) -- these are free as well. There are 3 computers with free Internet and you have dedicated front desk staff in the lounge as well. The lounge is relaxing, you can go there any time of day. If you are jet lagged, like we were, having the lounge is great because it is a place to go early in the morning and relax. In the evening the lounge offers free appetizers and cocktails -- both were yummy and we went there every single night pre-dinner, meeting other guests and talking to the staff.The room itself was extremely comfortable. It was new, stylish, a nice size, and had all the amenities we could want (except an iron, although for Club guests you get 1 free pressing). The shower had a neat window that looked into the room (you can close the shades though). Our room was on the 24th floor and had a reasonably good view.We did not eat the hotel restaurant, so no comments there. We did find the staff to be overall very helpful and had a nice mix of locals and Sofitel managers from abroad.You can always step right outside of the hotel and be in the center of it all, even late at night. You can catch a taxi very easily with the help of the hotel staff. Always have your destination written in Mandarin, though, as most people do not speak English, particularly taxi drivers. The hotel has a very helpful card with its name/address in Mandarin in addition to the names/addresses of famous sites nearby.We highly recommend this hotel -- it is a very relaxing place, and fantastic for business or pleasure!	
Jan 7 2007 	Great Location - Great Hotel	My wife and I have stayed at the Sofitel previously (2004) and on our return to Shanghai booked another Accor property (The Panorama) based on price. We lasted three nights at the Panorama before heading back to the Sofitel. Stayed on the Club Sofitel floors where we received an upgrade to small suite. Nice touches like a welcome back note from the Genreal Manager when we returned after a stay in another city. Staff very firendly and helpful. Love Sofitel MyBeds after beds in other Chinese hotels. Breakfast and complimentary drinks in the Sofitel Club Lounge good and also fast and reliable free interent access.We loved the bathroom layout. Location is great and in the future we will not stay anywher else when in Shanghai.Only brickbat regards the air-conditioning which we could not adjust to a cool eniough level even though it was winter.	
Jan 2 2007 	Great Location	We got a good price by going online and booking direct with Sofitel fro their internet special, which was half price of travel agents or Expedia. The hotel is in a great location with the back door of the hotel opening out onto Nanjing road. Only a 10min walk from Peoples Square and Shanghai Musuem. The public areas of the hotel a very nice and represent a good quality 4star hotel. Our room was very small. It had everthing you would expect, i.e. tea/coffee, TV, safe, a/con, etc, but was very small. The bed was comfortable, but the bathroom was not the usual luxury marble affair, but was a simple white tiled room that needed upgrading. I don't think I would stay here again, but would try one of the other hotels just along fromt he Sofitel, maybe The Howard Johnson or if you have a bit more cash Le Meridien. I expected more from the Sofitel, but at least the location was good.	
Nov 14 2006	very good hotel in excellent location	Stayed five nights at this hotel and couldn't fault it. We had a large room plus a sitting room on the 18th floor with a good view of theNanjing Rd.Location could not have been better.Very comfortable but not as luxurious as some of the newer hotels which are of course also a lot more expensive.Service was excellent,best in China except for Victoria Cruise ship on the Yangtze. Bell boys and other staff were very helpful and efficent,much better than at the Peace Hotel in Beijing. Both hotels are part of the French Accor Group.Good value for money and they only charged us £27 which included breakfast for an extra bed to be put in our sitting area for my son to stay for one night. Breakfast was first class.If you want to splash out on an expensive meal then go to Jean Georges on the Bund for much cheaper chinese food try the Old Station Restaurant	
Nov 1 2006	Average hotel in a very good location	Stayed here for 3 nights and chose it for its central location. The taxi from the airport is CNY150, though we took the maglev train (&amp; a subway journey) on the way back. The hotel is on the pedestrianised Nanjing road, a 10 minute walk from the Bund, and 5 minutes to the subway station.We found the lobby and breakfast area to be clean and modern after its recent renovation, though couldn't help notice a terrible smell throughout. The room was small and rather dated but adequate for our stay. Some of the hotel staff were incredibly rude, entering lifts before we'd even got out for instance. I think this may be more a China thing rather than anything specific with the hotel. Breakfast was fine, if a little crowded if you did not get there early.	
Oct 27 2006 	Great Hotel in a fantistic location	The hotel has been going through some construction for quite a while. We took a chance and were delighted with our stay. This is a great hotel in a prime location on the walking mall. The metro is only blocks away. This location is highly recommended	
Oct 12 2006 	Great location and room	I have stayed in 3 different hotels in Shanghai and this was by far the best location and room. The bed was a little hard to my taste but it seems like most hotels in China have hard bed (from my 6 hotel experiences). The room was very clean and the hotel was right on Nanjin road where all the exciting action is. There are alot of restaurants to go to and from the hotel it is a 20min walk to go on the Bund. There are 2 subway lines close to the hotel and one of them is the major People Square station. I definitely recommend this place and will go back again. For 110$US it is a bargain for thelocation and quality.P.S. As for the renovations they are completed and the lobby is very nice.	
Aug 20 2006 	Please stay here!	I don't get the negative reviews of this hotel. From the moment we walked through the door ( no renovations!)we were treated like royalty. The hotel was clean, exceptionally comfortable and the breakfast had to be seen to be believed. Our room was fantastic, no smells, large, clean and with excellent views of Nanjing Road. The location was exceptional, minutes from everywhere! Taxis called by bellboys, nothing was too much trouble! This was by far the friendliest hotel I have ever stayed in throughout the world. Worth going back to Shanghai just to stay there! Our reservations were processed efficiently and by smiling friendly staff! We just loved it!! It made our trip! Every one we spoke to in the hotel loved it and were going home to recommend it to their friends!	
Jul 27 2006	Frustration at the Sofitel	After a long international flight, we booked a night at the Sofitel Hyland Hotel through a major internet service. When we went to check in at 10pm, the lady at the front desk would not honor the rate that we'd just booked about an hour ago. We had a confirmation number and could still view the receipt online. The best rate she could offer was about US$25 more than the rate we'd booked. She finally suggested that we go find another hotel!!! We were so surprised that a major, supposedly upscale international hotel chain would offer this kind of customer service, and not honor the rate we booked even if it was a mistake. We eventually asked for the manager on duty (a good piece of advice if you have problems in China), who also would not offer us a better rate, but did give us an upgraded room. We finally took it because we were so tired! The next morning, we spoke with the day manager who apologized that the rate wasn't available last night in their computer because of the time difference with their headquarters. She did negotiate with us eventually and gave us back HALF of the money we were owed from the rate we'd booked. :Including our talk with the two hotel staff the night before and the day manager the next morning, we spent about 1.5 hours of our time in Shanghai talking with hotel staff about the problem. They still never owned up to it as their problem, saying it's neither our fault nor theirs.We were in a club room, which looked as if it had just been renovated. The furniture and decor were nice, but the bed was pretty hard (standard for hotels in China). Hotel's location was convenient, right on Nanjing Lu's major shopping area and a few blocks walk from the Bund. Free wi-fi was not included in the room rate, and the hotel's rate was expensive. Make sure to ask before you hook up your computer. Also, the main lobby entrance is being renovated right now, so expect to be rerouted when you check in.Overall, a fairly nice hotel, with very poor customer service standards for an international chain. Make sure to confirm our rate with a phone call if you stay here, and expect Chinese service standards at best.	
Jul 25 2006 	Excellent stay in the Club Floor	I stayed in a suite (#2714) in the Club floor for 1 week. My business partner stayed in a room in the Club floor.Overall, the stay was excellent:The interior of the public areas and of the Club floors rooms is attractive.Location is convenient: 5 minutes walk to Peace Square, 30 minutes walk to Xintiandi, 10 minutes walk to the Bund. The section on Nanjing Road, where the hotel is located, is a crowded pedestrian road. The only problem is the frequent number of people offering foreigners watches, or to go to tea houses (they in fact turn out to be clubs where they try to fix you with escorts and charge you 1,000 RMB for 2 drinks - be careful not to go to these places).The king size bed is really comfortable. The room size is a little small compared to many 5 stars hotels. But is it still comfortable.Service has been excellent during the entire stay. The Club floor staff in particular is excellent, friendly, smiling. It is important to know that the first dry-cleaning service is free (not the first item but the entire bag!) and extremely fast. I thought it was for 1 item only and I only gave them 1 trouser. My business partner gave them his all his clothes in his room. Both of us got our cloths back within 1-2 hours and for free.Breakfast is free in the Club floor. The buffet is very large, the quality very good, the space very pleasant. There is even a more private section.Internet access in the Club lounge is free (2 PCs, and no printer). I paid 140 RMB for 24 hours in the room. It is charged to each specific computer, and not to the room. Internet access to two computers in the same room will be charged twice the fee.The hotel charges 500 RMB for a transfer with a nice car from Pudong airport to the hotel (45 minutes). A regular taxi, requested from the hotel porter, is only 150 RMB. I tried the massage in the 4th floor. It is very expensive (between 400 and 1,000 RMB per massage). I chose a 1:30 hour massage for 8 RMB, I think. At one point, the Chinese massage girl said something to me, which I didn't really understand: I answered &quot;yes&quot; thinking she was asking if I enjoyed the massage. She said that twice. I was in fact being asked if I wanted an additional massage (facial, and feet). At the end of the session, I was charged for 3 massages, 1,800 RMB, which is really expensive. And as a bonus, the following night, the massage attendant woke me up in my bedroom to ask if I wanted new session! I have no doubts the problem comes not from the hotel but from the girl herself. I didn't complain to the hotel because I thought I had been just very naive. But be careful.In 3 years, I have stayed 3 times at this hotel. I have already been very happy with the service in the Club Floor. This year, after tyhe renovation, my stay was even better. I have no plan to change hotel for the moment.	
Jul 18 2006	Loved Sofitel	Stayed there for 3 nights (executive floors).HK$1090 per night.My comments:Excellent location.The location is like: Times Square in New York, The Strip in Las Vegas, Dundas/Yonge in Toronto, Causeway Bay in Hong Kong. Very clean.Nice service.Most staff can communicate pretty well in English.Newly renovated.Must go for the Sofitel Club (executive floors).Highly recommended to those visiting Shanghai for the first time.	
Apr 27 2006	Finally at last they are renovating and refurbishing!	This is the second time I've stayed at the Sofitel and my experience this time was immensly better than my last stay in 2003. They are in the midst of renovating the lobby and public areas of the hotel so there is some disruption to these areas. The rooms have been freshed up with new furniture and fittings. Service was impeccable, as to be expected from a Sofitel hotel. Location is fantastic for those keen on shopping as it is located in the heart of Nanjing Road.	
Apr 23 2006	I would not return to the Sofitel Hyland	I booked this hotel after positive experiences staying at the Sofitel Xiamen and Sofitel Xi'an. I booked 2 rooms, one for myself and my husband for 2 nights, 1 for my parents-in-law for 4 nights. The reservation itself was problematic - I booked through an internet travel agency and received confirmation but when I contacted the hotel on 2 occasions they reported they had no record of this reservation. To cut a long story short, the names had been sent in an unusual way, with 1st and 2nd names running together, despite this I am surprised they could not have found the names by manually checking a list of guests checking-in on the relevent date. It caused a fair bit of panic, since the rate was pre-payed, I was unable to cancel, the agency were uncontactable by phone in China and the hotel reservation department claimed never to have received a booking from the agency before. The rate was not inexpensive for China but maybe because of these difficulties we were upgraded to renovated club floor rooms and received all benefits (although the staff at first refused to let us in for breakfast in the club lounge). The newly renovated club floor rooms are small, dark and extremely stuffy - the air quality seemed very poor and the air conditioning seemed to make no difference. I live in China and am used to the conditions but have never stayed somewhere where the air quality felt worse inside than outside. The view from our room was quite good - we could see the Pearl Tower. The beds are comfortable and bathrooms small but adequate. It was actually pretty unpleasant to stay in the room at all though because of the atmosphere. There was also a chemical smell in the corridors and 2 of us suffered from headaches during the stay, although obviously I do not know if this was related. There are renovations taking place in the main lobby which means no taxis waiting, but the bellboys were helpful in hailing cabs. The location is central, walking distance to Bund but as in the rest of China, taxis are cheap, easy and honest (carry your hotel card around) and I think staying in the French Quarter or even in Pudong would be fine for tourists - and more relaxing. The hawkers on Nanjing road are persistent when walking on my own I was approached several times by men offering illegal substances. In summary, this hotel is old - very old by Chinese standards - and the renovations may help on the surface but the rooms remain small and ventilation terrible so if you want to feel energised and fresh in the mornings - stay elsewhere.	
Apr 13 2006	Good location but...	The location of this hotel is great. However while we were there in April 2006, significant renovations were underway. The main lobby was closed, and many of the floors allocated to function/meeting rooms seemed to be under renovation.Luckily we were out of the hotel most days, as construction noise was very loud in my room on the ninth floor.Some mornings conversation at breakfast was not possible due to the noise. Staff working at the breakfast buffet were disinterested in our complaints, and offered very poor service in general.Reception staff on the other hand were very good.The rooms are quite basic and whatever you do, don't use the mini bar. A small bottle of water cost 45 yuan plus a 15% service charge. In the convenience store in the mall, it was 1 yuan!	
Sep 27 2005 	Super convenient location!	I was travelling on a business trip to Shanghai and stayed at the Sofitel Hyland for a second time.This hotel is near our office but I must admit it was a bit pricey even with a corporate rate (RMB1002.80 for a nite includes 15% tax). The hotel needs renovating - the carpets are dark-colored and need to be cleaned, the curtains look dirty. The breakfast buffet was average but it got boring by the 4th day (they were serving the same thing). The air-conditioning worked fine although I recall when I stayed at the hotel in January 2005 the heat was so warm I had to switch it off at night.However, this hotel is located right on Nanjing Road, in the heart of everything. Shopping, work, taxis, train all w/i walking distance of the hotel (even on high heels the walk was fine). I got my clean sheets, clean bathroom, clean towels, etc. I would stay here again and would recommend it to anyone who wants to stay on Nanjing Rd.	
Sep 23 2005 	I would not stay at the Sofitel Again	The hotel room that was requested when the reservation was made was not available at the time of check-in. They did say they would allow for an upgrade at a higher price. I was given a second rate room that did not smell very good and was very difficult to control the temperature.They charged extra for High Speed Internet Access which was slower than dial-up.The buffet was not included with the room like at many hotels in China although is was an adequate meal.The one good thing about this hotel is it is right on the plaza within easy walking distance of many attractions.	
Aug 14 2005 	despite bad reviews I loved the place	I was a bit put off by the some of the bad reviews regarding the staff small rooms however it was to my relief that non of these concerns were trueThe check in staff were wonderfull and very help full the consiege also very helpful and had a great command of the English language Hotel was in great location very close to shopping and the superb underground The buffet breakfeast was great excellent range of both asian and Western food Reports of renovation noise was unfounded as I never heard any noise Look this is a great hotel in an excellent location and for the price great value indeed	
Aug 8 2005	great location		
Jul 19 2005	Good Service at Hotel Sofitel Hyland		
Jun 22 2005	Perfect location		
Jun 7 2005	Average Hotel		
May 18 2005	Memorable Experience		
Jan 18 2005	not a great hotel but good location...		
Oct 30 2004	Bad Service		
Aug 21 2004	convenient but not a great hotel		
Jun 29 2004	Great location great hotel!		
Jun 1 2004	Good Deal for a hard to beat location!		
Nov 5 2009 	Gute Lage - Zimmer ok		
Nov 1 2009 	??		
Oct 23 2009 	??????		
Sep 29 2009 	Cina		
Sep 25 2009 	magnifique		
Sep 1 2009 	Trevligt hotel på bästa läge.		
Jul 26 2009 	???????????????????		
Mar 18 2009 	???????		
Feb 28 2009 	Cher personnel limite et chambre vetuste		
Feb 28 2009 	?????		
Dec 29 2008 	???????????		
Dec 9 2008 	Bon hotel sans surprise		
Oct 28 2008 	???????????????		
Sep 29 2008 	Sofitel Hyland: Chaude recommandation!!!		
Sep 10 2008 	Tres bon hotel business		
Aug 17 2008 	Bon hotel		
Aug 8 2008 	Eccezionale		
Jan 18 2008 	Super		
Oct 25 2007 	Vier-Sterne-Komfort zum günstigen Preis		
Aug 2 2007	Emplacement magique		
