	Better than expected - comfortable and easy and would go back.	stayed 20 daysGood points-hotel is much better than average Holiday Inn - has a swank feel about atrium and decor in public areas.friendly staffgood size room with stylish decorexcellent business loungeindoor swimming pool but heavily chlorinated and in need of some tlc or revampbad points -hotel appears to tolerate a couple of spivs offering sex with local ladies who hang around on pavement right outside hotel so expect to be asked if you want massage with happy ending with good time ladies everytime you leave the hotel. 2 individuals in particular wre there every day for 3 weeks.Irish bar is very empty apart from a smattering of local ladies.	
Nov 18 2009 	New and nice	This was my first trip to a Holiday Inn for some time and I was positively surprised. The hotel was brand new and of very good quality, not your usual Holiday Inn standard.	
Nov 4 2009 	Good mid-range hotel in Pudong	I stayed in this hotel for 6 nights for a business trip. On arrival check-in was fast and efficient. I had travelled to China on an overnight flight, and arrived at the hotel at around 9am in the morning. I was able to check straight-in, and was only charged a ‘half day’ for the early check-in, and was still offered the inclusive breakfast.The room was of a reasonable size on the 27th floor, and very quiet. Bathroom was also of a reasonable size, with a square ‘two person’ size tub and overhead shower. The ‘flat screen’ TV had a good selection of channels, including CNN News channel and BBC World News.Internet is via cable, and charged at 1 RMB/min (up to a maximum charge of 80 RMB in a 24 hour period). Within the room, the power sockets are configured so that they conveniently take British, European and US plugs.Breakfast is served on the ground floor via a buffet, and offers a 50:50 split between western and Chinese cuisines. Overall the selection was good, and the service received was fast and efficient. There is also a chef on both cuisine sides to cater for individual requests.The hotel has few in house restaurants/bars. Flannagan’s, an Irish bar on the ground floor seems to be popular with single business travellers, and they have a regular live band. Also on the ground floor, where breakfast is served, is another restaurant. However there is no noticeable difference between this restaurant, Flannagan’s and room service in terms of menu options. I did try a Japanese restaurant on the second floor, which I believe offers a sort of Japanese/fusion experience. So you can order usual Japanese sushi favourites, along with western dishes all shaped in small portions (e.g. potatoes/cheese croquets and egg omelette pieces etc). Location wise the hotel is situated on one of the main roads through the Pudong district, and is a good location if you want to be in the area. However, if you need to be in the financial centre, or the main shopping areas, I would choose a hotel closer to that area (although a taxi journey to and from those districts costs only £2-3) but could take a while if you’re travelling in rush-hour and need to use the tunnel connecting both sides of the river.Overall I was very satisfied with the stay at the hotel. If you want to go “higher-end” then there is a St Regis situated right next door to the Holiday Inn which could be worth considering.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great hotel crappy food	Stayed on the 32nd floor, in an awesome room. The best thing was the 2 person bathtub which I enjoyed everynight after walking the dirty streets of Shanghai. The room was very clean and the hotel felt safe. The internet was even reliable, expensive, but reliable.The only down side to this hotel was their food. The room service food was, well, interesting. I ordered pizza, and got one with an egg yolk in the middle even though it didn't say that on the menu. It made me sick even though I scraped the yolk off. The next night they gave me cocoa powder in my pepper shaker. I didn't notice until after I had put it on my noodles.I tried the karaoke bar, which I was the only person there. When I asked if there were other hotel guests there the girl brought out 6 more girls in matching outfits and said &quot;usually girls don't ask for girls&quot; that was NOT what I meant, so I left and went downstairs to the Irish Pub to get a beer and listen to the great treat of a Chinese band doing Van Halen.Other than that, great hotel.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Holiday Inn!	All good, staff, breakfast, rooms and fantastic beds (nice and soft rather than the usually hard beds in most Fast East hotels). We liked this hotel.A little out from the centre but taxis not expensive and lots of local facilities.	
Jun 26 2009 	Nicely redecorated almost new hotel	Most of the hotel is newly renovated, they really did a nice job. Rooms are comfortable, beds are good, bathroom excellent with a large shower / bathtub.Some small issues: Internet - you can buy a 24 hour pass, however if during your 24 hours you log off and then on again, you do not get told how much time you have left. Hence I had 4 times 24 hour charges on my bill, but I only used the system 2 days. But with out argue it was taken off the bill. Skype works, but iChat does not, unfortunately.Speed is average.Coffeeshop food is somewhat limited, breakfast also quite limited and expensive for what is offered.BUT I for sure will stay there again. Favourite hotel on the Pudong site.	
Jun 21 2009 	Good hotel	The Holiday Inn Pudong was a good place to stay during my brief visit of Shanghai in September 2004. From what I remember the rooms were very good (although I was in an Executive room). Good views from the room windows too. Would recommend.	
Jun 5 2009 	Good Hotel but careful on the rip off spa service!	Everything was great except the massage service. This is extortion. They should be ashamed of the prices they charged. 6000 RMB is not acceptable for any type of service.Will not stay here again just because of this.Also, I wanted to swim and the pool staff could not answer my question - they didn't speak english and were not willing to explain anything. I didn't end up swimming.	
May 21 2009 	Great hotel  Location so-so..	Like everything in life it’s about the ratio between what you get and what you pay.Let’s start from the basics: I stayed paying the hotels weekend rate of about $75 (exclusive breakfast and internet connection) for this price it’s a deal hard to beat.. (Their official weekday price is $225+)The room was excellent, elegant, clean and comfortable, a desk for work very useful. Breakfast rich and tasty (was not included), the overall hotel (lobby etc) very elegant and nice.Location is so-so, all is accessible by cab, still in the morning rush hour getting to the center can take 35- 45 Min. For vacation or leisure absolutely a steal for less than $100, business traveler consider what it will take in the morning drive. My recommendation, don’t hesitate to email or call and try to get if for less than $150 (1000-1200 RMB), for $200+ check and compare with other options..	
May 9 2009 	HI Pudong = Great value for money!	great value for money!clean rooms, good location for business travelers.	
Apr 30 2009 	Must be one of the world's best Holiday Inns	From the warmth of the smiles, and the treatment as a special guest of this hotel, the Holiday Inn Pudong stay was darned near perfect. The lobby radiated happy employees. They are well trained and enjoy their jobs. You can tell after just a few moments. So before you even wonder if there is an Priority Club (PC) upgrade or what the room looks like, you feel special.The upgrade was provided. The &quot;Customer Experience Manager&quot; was behind the PC check-in desk and said the management was very happy I decided on their Holiday Inn. He said they were proud of their new rooms and he personally escorted us to the room with the bellman and the bags. (I said to myself, maybe they know I write these reviews, but then after seeing all the recent top five-bullet ratings for this hotel, I realized they just treat their guests right!)The room was superior in the truest sense. A corner room, it was not huge, but comfortable, light and very modern with a huge bath area and tub for two. The staff people remembered my name, albeit in a Chinese way, calling me Mr. Robert throughout my stay. Not just one, but a handful of employees memorize your name or do a really fast check on the computer to make sure they address you personally. Again, they are trained to make you feel special. As a Trip Advisor Destination Expert, I have been in many Shanghai hotels, and this one went all out in customer service.The location in Pudong is a neutral factor in my opinion. You are a short two block walk to subway Line 4, just one stop from Line 2 (downtown and Maglev station to Pudong airport). If you enjoy some good exercise, it is an interesting five to ten minute walk to Century Blvd (Line 2 station), and then down to the Oriental Pearl Tower, Jin Mao and World Financial Center buildings, or up to Century Park. There are plenty of taxis at the front door, something you should not take for granted in busy Shanghai.You are not on the Bund, but then again you are not harassed constantly by touts staked out at every tourist hotel. The Pudong area is modern Shanghai, as safe as can be. Upscale shopping is nearby as well as fashion market shopping at the Technology Museum subway stop.Contrary to another reviewer's comments, there are several nice Chinese &quot;white linen&quot; restaurants within a block. Heji is practically next door, not a storefront but on the 6th floor, and is crowded with locals eating copious amounts of great typical Shanghainese food. Whoops, back to the hotel review...The breakfasts were very good in quality. The hotel's lunch and dinner menus looked very affordable for such a high quality hotel. I will try the in-hotel restaurant next time. The hotel had the fastest internet I have seen in my 12 visits (and maybe 50 hotel stays) in China in the past three years. Lightning fast, just like my DSL at home. It costs 80 yuan, not a bargain but cheaper than some upscale hotels in Shanghai.Which brings me back to the overall quality of the Holiday Inn Pudong. The staff and accommodations will leave no doubt in your mind. You will wish every hotel, not just a Holiday Inn, could reach this outstanding quality.	
Apr 21 2009 	Shanghai City	the hotel is in the city centre and not very convenient from the business perspective. there are not many eateries around and hence not the likings for a tourist.	
Apr 17 2009 	Class Holiday Inn	Had been to Nanjing on business trip and had to visit shangai for the weekend. Stayed in the top floor and room offers all facilities. There are weekend prices and the main attraction of the hotel is the staff helpfullness. The hotel is located at Pudong and central to all the shopping places in Shangai. Taxis are very cheap if we stay at Holiday Inn Pudong and had recommended this place to my friends. Offer evening breakfast but then there is a hotel regis where resturants are situated in the ground floor and 38th floor. Food is good made of Olive Oil.Those who wish to visit Shangai should stay in holiday inn Pudong and ask fot the top floor rooms if available. The room is good enough for 2 people and if u need seperate bed you must tell them well in advance. The rooms are very clean and well maintained.	
Apr 4 2009 	affraid	I arrives yesterday to holiday inn pudong in dongfang road, very late because my flight was ca1950, maybe at 11 o'clock, I am platinium priority club member then they give to me the room in the executive floor, I was thirsty and I take one bottle of white wine, I didn't notice that the bottle was open before, then I drink it and was pipi, this is incredible, then when I go down to the reception for tell them about the problem, they said maybe I drink the bottle of wine and I don't want to pay, I write to u.s.a. for complain about this and I am still waiting an answer, this hotel is not recomendable, very high price, low quality service. Maybe this page will not accept in the fuorum my complaint but I will write it everywhere.	
Mar 29 2009 	Now a very nice hotel	I give this hotel a 5 star rating based on what you get for the price in Shanghai. I am in Shanghai several times each year and I find that this hotel is far better value than the other hotels at which I stay. The hotel has been completely renovated - many of the other reviewers had complaints about the noise during the renovations and I agree with them. I am fortunate that I stay there for business so I was always up before the noise started. The good news is that the construction is finished. The rooms are all newly renovated - The rooms compare to those in other Shanghai hotels which are several times the price. They are very clean, very well designed and everything works. Our group stays here regularly and we find that all of the rooms are now excellent. The restaurant service and food has improved immensely - along with a complete renovation of the restaurant, they also hired a Dutch manager and he seems to have been able to work a miracle in the main western restaurant. The Japanese restaurant on the second floor is still a bit dodgy, so my advice is to avoid that one. They have an Irish bar - Irish name but with a Filipino band - but there is draft guiness and pool tables and it is generally a fun and safe place for a late night drink. Back to why I gave this a five star rating - the staff are always very friendly and helpful and they speak good English. I book this hotel through Priority Club and there is never a problem on check-in and they are generous with upgrades. The hotel lobby and the rooms are always very clean, unlike some very expensive hotels in Shanghai. The hotel is rated as a four star hotel and my experience is that it is a good or better than most of the five star hotels in Shanghai, but at a fraction of the price. I would strongly reccomend this hotel to anybody who is staying in Pudong on business, since it is not in a tourist area.	
Mar 13 2009 	They finished remodeling...i think	I think this was my 3rd time at this hotel. When I was there this time, I didn't any jackhammers or saws. However, the hotel next door was under renovation (probably getting ready the world expo in 2010).The hotel's lobby and guest rooms looked more contemporary. I think they also added some more English TV channels as well. The internet speed was so-so. The hotel's restaurants aren't that good IMO. The breakfast buffet is good for Chinese standards, but would probably pass on it if an IHOP was nearby (there's a McDonalds within a 5 min walk). The Japanese restaurant on the 2nd floor wasn't good. They served Japanese food that tasted like provincial Chinese food.Room service was still pretty prompt. I ordered spaghetti at 2am, and it took them about 25 minutes.	
Feb 24 2009 	Transformed into a first class experience	The renovations have just come to and end and the transformation is fabulous. While the rooms aren't sprawling the careful design gives plenty of room to work and rest. The feeling is now like a 5 star property and not the Holiday Inn that we used to know. With new restaurants, and new club lounge and a whole new feel. Flangans the &quot;Irish Pub&quot; is still there and still a welcome relief and a great meeting place. Staff are friendly and the level of english spoken makes the stay easy. Highly recommended and value for money.	
Oct 29 2008 	great hotel if wasn't under contruction	If you want to stay in the pudong area ( ie east of the river and most tourists should stay on the other side, west of the river, getting in between is a pain ) this is an excellent hotel in all aspects exept the 8am to 8pm construction noise, jack hammers all the time. everything else is perfect but you couldn't pay me to stay here again until the consruction is finished.the staff is excellent	
Oct 28 2008 	Hammerjack Inn	We stayed at this hotel for 8 days. From 8 in the morning to 8 in the evening, Saturday and Sunday included, it was a concert of renovation work tools. Impossible to rest in the day time even in the newly renovated room on the 32nd floor. Before booking check that renovation works are 100% over. Otherwise this hotel would be quite comfortable and as usual in Asia the personel is very helpful.Jean-René Bergé	
Aug 14 2008 	Holiday Inn Pudong great for Western travelers	I traveled to Shanghai alone on business and I knew that staying at a Western hotel chain would be essential. I arrived and had no trouble. The staff spoke english well and were quick to help me get around the city and make recommendations. The rooms and beds are large, which you don't get a lot in China. There was a plate of fresh fruit waiting for me in my room when I arrived. This is a nice touch after a 20 hour flight. Overall, a great place to stay!	
Mar 18 2007 	It's ok.	I stayed here for 3 nights just this week. The hotel is located in the Pudong area, where many new developments in Shanghai are located. We chose the hotel since it is one of the more reasonably priced ones in the Pudong area when our travel agent checked.However what we paid did not include the breakfast which is usually included in most of the hotels i have stayed in. We ended up having to pay approx. USD15-16 for the breakfast. The room size is quite good. There is enough space to move around despite having 2 twin beds and luggage. The bed is comfortable. The toilet is due for renovation. It's still usable but looks dated compared to the room that goes with it. They make up for this by giving a lot of free toiletries like shampoo, combs, etc.What bothered me was that the airconditioning was not working well when we checked into the room. To their credit, the hotel staff promptly came to check when we complained about this. However until the day we left it still was not working properly. I felt that it was a bit warm in the room. We should have asked to be transferred to another room. I guess this did not happen bec. we only were in the room in the evenings after dinner, and since it was quite cold in Shanghai during this time of year, we did not feel hot despite the aircon not working. For the 3 nights i did not use the comforter and just wore a shirt and boxers. The internet connection is not high speed for sure! I paid 80RMB for 24 hour access and the download speed was only around 10 kbps, sometimes up to 15 kbps. This is slow, our office has faster internet connection than that. Thus it's a bit overpriced for me.	
Feb 26 2007 	Ok not great !!	Stayed here for the secong time in a year. Booked through company policy so gave it a try again. The hotel itself is fine and has a good Irish Bar attached with some pleasant bar food available.Room was adequate but I had a very unpleasant smell which I couldn't locate the source. I will proabably not stay here again and will try other hotels in the area.	
Dec 29 2006 	Lovely staff	This is a lovely hotel with large rooms and excellent service. The staff have problem understanding English but are very hospitable. I was on the 18th Floor with a lovely view of the city. It is a little distance away from the Bund but you can get a taxi easily to the bund or back. Advise you to carry a card of the hotel in local language as incase you get lost this will be the only method you could come back as local population does not understand English easily.	
Nov 23 2009 	??????????		
Sep 29 2009 	??????????????????		
Sep 27 2008 	??		
