Oct 29 2009 	Good Hotel in Great Location In Pu Dong	I stayed at the Radisson Century Park Pu Dong for four nights for business. The rooms are clean and comfortable, and large. The buffet breakfast was good. Staff spoke good English. Free internet and satellite TV with a lot of English channels. At $170.00 USD per night with breakfast a decent value in Shanghai. The hotel is adjacent to a shopping and restaurant area with a Carrefour, many small stores, and numerous restaurants. Malone’s American Café has good western food and the Korean Barbeque place was very good. I would rate this hotel a solid 4 stars in a good location and would stay again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Business needs fulfill but not really for tourist	I don't think I have to comment much on the room and service.It fulfills my basic needs. As for the breakfast, it is not to my liking at all especially since I had seen them placing some of the breakfast food as early as the night before. However, there is a no of decent restaurants or cafes nearby. Some days I would skip the buffet breakfast and grab a sandwich or scone from the cafe or starbucks. The gym is well equiped. After a day's work, it is nice to go for a good and cheap massage near the hotel.For me. the conciege is helpful and knowledgeable in directing you to the places where you want to go. Location is not a plus for tourist. It costs about minimium 30 yuan to travel to xintiandi, nanjing road or anywhere around the bund if the traffic is smooth and the driver is not taking you for a ride. Especially since not every driver knows this hotel. It is useful to have directions written to you in Chinese and show it to the driver. The subway will be a better and faster choice if you feel like walking. And don't be fooled by the Shanghai map, it looks further than what you think. Overall this hotel is good and affordable. But if you are a tourist and not on a budget, you might consider elsewhere.	
Aug 31 2009 	Business Hotel with good facilities and "soft beds"	Our company has company-rate at this hotel. I stayed here in August 2009 for two periods of 2 day's as part of china business trip. I have stayed here more often and am alway's pleased to return back. the loby staff is very helpfull, the beds are &quot;soft&quot;, the internet is free of additional charge and the breakfast-buffet is very good; just the basic minimum needs for a business traveler that are fullfilled by this Hotel. Also outside the hotel to the right side there is very good choise of restaurants, where chinees Queen was my faforit, but also Thai and other eating facilities were present.Transportation from Pudong-airport can be done either by Maglev + taxi or taxi (both way's about RMB 120 and takes about 30-40 minutes. Transportation from hotel into town (puxi-nanjin road west) can be done by taxi direct (RMB 45 day-time) or by taxi&gt;science Center&gt;Metro line2 (RMB 16 (11 + 5); in the night the taxi is about RMB 65.Bee aware up to Expo 2010 the whole city is a big road-construction site resulting in multiple trafic-jams, even late evening and night. If you are frequent visiter of the Puxi side for the evening entertainment, you easy have to count for 30min-45min single drive.Of course this is not to blame to the hotel.	
Jul 19 2009 	Good Hotel	Good Hotel. Modern Facilities. Easy access if you are to go somewhere in Pudong. Got a Carrefour nearby, and for the Indian traveler, there is an Indian Restaurant just around the corner..	
May 16 2009 	Decent business hotel	Due to recent budget restrictions my company decided to narrow down the choices of contract hotels in Shanghai. The Radisson is one of the hotels which made the cut. Rooms are clean and the breakfast is good and internet is free.The hotel tries to be trendy but does not quite get there. Most of the staff are trying to be friendly but is not yet very experienced and often do not know how to handle out of the ordinary requests.They definitely have to upgrade their key card system soon. Everytime you get into the lift you see people failing to use their cards to get to their floors. I had to return to the reception 2 times to finally get a key card which could actually open the door to my room.The Radisson is also a little far out from the business centers in Pudong and Puxi.However price is ok and the basic needs are covered.	
Feb 25 2009 	Good enough	Had to stay here for business and my trust in my China colleagues was not misplaced. The location is a little off, nowhere near downtown, but it was near the office, and as other reviewers mentioned, have enough restaurants, bars and shops to serve the expatriate and local community here. The overall decor is nice, like a psuedo W, with overpriced Chinese contemporary art all over the hotel.The room is also nice and large enough, and the cream/white walls, decor and furniture still look brand new. The internet is also free , which is great and rare in most other countries.Breakfast was the typical 4-5 star boutique quality and style. But you are better off with the traditional beef noodles across the street. And venture out for lunch and dinner outside too, much more variety out there.It was also March but still freezing at 5 degrees when my colleagues and I were here. My colleague didn't know it was so cold, and the concierge lent him his personal leather jacket when my colleague wanted to go out. wow	
Sep 11 2008	Good food OK accomodations	Strayed at this property in Sept 2008 as part of a global business meeting held in ShangHai. The food and service were excellent, the buffett for breakfast, lunch and dinner a good mix of western and chinese styles. The room, just so-so. ShangHai is a very humid city (like Miami). The upstairs floors had a distinctive odor, somewhat musty and this carried over to the rooms. Didn't bother me after a couple of days but was strong my first day. The rooms are already starting to show their age / tired decor. The bathroom is nice, but starting to date. The bathroom has a glass wall to the room - hope your spouse doesn't need privacy in the bath or on the john. beds are nice, free wi-fi and internet and decent view over this new area of the city. Great location and nice to have additional dining and entertainment options in the nearby mall. The area is geared towards the expatriate community and the stores / restaurants reflect this (carrefour grocery store, irish pub, etc...)	
Jun 23 2008 	chid design hotel in Pudong	I stayed here on July 07 for Propak Exhibition and hotel is a very good location for the New Exhibition Center.Rooms are very nice decorated with a touch, large and comfortable, see my pictures where you will see glass wall between bath and bedroom.Location is good for business especially for exhibitions but take care because taxi drivers have problems sometime in getting you there.A plus is the mall and shops connected to the hotel as written in other reviews: many restaurants for dinner options (Japanese, CHinese, Indian, Pizza Hut, Italian...) and good to have there a Carrefour supermarket, a beauty parlor and massage center where for 20 € you can have a 2 hours oil massage.NEGATIVE: gym is lower level than good Radisson hotels and even if it is equipped with latest Technogym treadmills (my opinion best machines for that) something is missing.More negative hotel has no steam bath, pools for cooling down and just a small sauna inside man's bath, no relaxation area after sauna.	
May 18 2008 	Great Hotel	Radisson in Pudong Shanghai, is a great hotel to stay at for Business travelers, and tourists.It's a short taxi to the subway. Great price for a real modern, clean hotel. Nearby there is Starbucks, Pizza Hut, and great restaurants. I recommend this to anyone who does not want to get ripped off in Shanghai with over priced hotels.The photos online are really the way the hotel looks, no surprises. Its beautiful.	
Feb 18 2008 	Very Modern Decor	I stayed at the Radisson Pudong on a recommedation from a business colleague. I wasn't really sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel decor is very modern. The hallways are very dark. But once you get to the room, it is a different story. The walls are pure white. All of the furniture is white and smooth. The bathroom is small, but it feels more spacious because there is a glass wall where it adjoins the room. It probably sounds creepier than it is. If you are staying in the room with another person, there is a shade that you can put down. I was by myself, so it really didn't matter.There are several restaurants in the hotel. I ate a dinner a couple of times in the restaurant on first floor and had dim sum in the restaurant on third floor. There are also many restaurants and shops in the area next to the hotel.	
Jan 1 2008 	Designer chic and good all-round service	Stayed here for a week on business. Most of the other reviews have said it all already, but I can confirm their impressions - a chic, designer hotel with good service.Another plus, depending on your point of view, is the location. It's situated close to various restaurants and shops which are in part tailored to the visiting western businessman. There is a big choice of Chinese restaurants with menus in English as well as Chinese, and also restaurants with other cuisines. I would not really recommend the hotel's restaurants - they are vastly overpriced, and in the case of the European-style one, just not good.At the weekend I went to Century Park and watched people flying kites- not a bad way of passing the time if you are jet-lagged and can't be bothered going somewhere in particular.	
Aug 30 2007 	Excellent	Definitely stay at this hotel again if I go to Shanghai. Loved the modern, chic design. Enjoyed so much that I decided to take the time to write a hotel review first time ever. Previous stays at the likes of Four Seasons, St. Regis, Marriott, etc. in many parts of the world didn't prompt me to.I checked in late in the evening, greeted by polite, professional staff at the reception. They were very apologetic for the 3 minutes I was waiting for another guest checking in. Waiting for 3 mins and staff kept saying &quot;sorry&quot; -- that' pretty rare in the mainland. Then I was offered a free upgrade to a suite. (I booked on the hotel's website as they offered special deal for HK$680/night + 15%.) Room is spacious, clean, white and light tone, design is simple yet elegant, comfortable bed. Very quiet -- extra points given for this because it can be very annoying when you find yourself constantly hearing what people next door is doing, even at high-end luxury hotel. This problem absolutely doesn't exist in the rooms here. One flat panel TV in the living room and another one in the bedroom. There's just one thing I didn't like -- one of the corners of the bathroom walls were part made of glass, which means if you share the room with a friend it's embarrassing. Even after pulling down the curtain they are still not entirely covered. Pretty annoying. Oh well, the bathtub and separate shower and a ceiling decorated with paintings compensated for part of that. There's an iron and iron board in one of the closets for those who care. Shoe shine service means leaving your shoes in the basket inside the closet and the cleaning lady polishes them for you. Not the professional kind of shoe shining service you'd expect from Four Seasons.Windows overlooking mainly newly built apartment buildings, from one side I could see a church, from another side I could see the &quot;Big Thumb Square.&quot;Speaking of the Square -- That's a good reference point when talking to cab drivers. At the square, there are also quite a few restautants -- First you'll see one claim to offer Hong Kong cuisine (didn't try so can't comment whether it's authentic or not);Opposite to it is an Indian one (I did see Indian people eating in there and Indian chefs working inside);Then a couple of Japanese one;Two Korean restuarants;Shanghainese, Northeast Chinese,Hong Kong style seafoodPizza Hut,Another pizza fastfood place,HaagendazStarbucksHong Kong style dessert placeTwo western bakeriesAnd there's Carrefour supermarket (opens until 10 p.m.)There's an open area where locals/tourists hang out until after 10 pm. Nice if you like outdoor cafe as there's one at the center.There are also about four restaurants inside the hotel. I tried the one of 3rd floor serving Cantonese cuisine. Modern design, tasty food, well, not the kind of top-notch Cantonese restaurants where you can find a big variety of delicate dishes, but simple black pepper beef stir fry dish and &quot;special&quot; fried rice do taste good. There's also all-you-can-eat dim sum lunch but didn't try.Breakfast room service -- congee not tasty. There's a cafe that offers sandwiches/pastries/coffee at the hotel. Just turn left after you leave the hotel foyer. Next to it is *MY FAVOURITE* fruit store! Great variety of higher-than-average quality fruits. Not easy to find in the mainland, especially that close to a hotel. Open till 12 midnight. Not the cheapest you can get but it caught my eyes the moment I passed by the hotel for the first time.There are also a hair salon, massage place -- Just turn right after coming out of the hotel, it's a two-minute walk at most. The salon charged 38 yuan for blow dry. They'd ask which type of shampoo you want. I asked what's the difference between the two that they offered and was told one is the regular with no extra charge, another one adds extra moisture and cost 20 yuan more. I chose the latter just to make myself feel &quot;safer&quot; as you really don't know what would be in the &quot;regular&quot; one. There's also a hair salon inside the hotel, but I called to make a reservation in the morning, was told to come after 5 mins. I did. Then the lady there asked me to wait for another 5 mins. I did again. When I returned, she said the stylist is on his way coming from the building at the back (apparently the hotel provides residence for its staff). I didn't want to waste any more time waiting so I left. Still that lady was very polite and kept apologizing. Broadband in the room was complimentary. Had a bit of trouble connecting initially. A manager and a tech staff came up 10 mins after I called for help and fixed it. This review is getting too long so I better round up soon. Just have to say it one more time the staff are highly professional -- One of them spotted my taxi bill when he opened the door for me and asked where I came from. I was puzzled at first but he quickly explained it normally shouldn't cost that much: the meter showed my bill was more than 150 yuan. I told him I went to some very remote places and he was relieved. Can you believe these front door staff can be so attentive and care about their customers? Another staff reminded me to ask the driver for a receipt because if there's anything wrong I can file a compaint. These staff are unbelievable -- SUPER!!OK, I'm calling this place my home in Shanghai. Only thing you need to think about is it's on Pudong side, where the international airport and new business district is. It takes longer to go to Puxi (xi=west, dong=east) where the Bund and XinTianDi are located. Depends on what your priorities are. I stayed at the legendary Peace Hotel, left after one night because it's old and stuffy, stayed at JinMao Grand Hyatt, enjoyed it but the staff are cold and indifferent. Stayed at one of the Jin Jian hotels, cost more than 800 yuan/night but nowhere close to what I get from Radisson Pudong. Good luck!	
Jun 3 2007 	Quite Nice !	Stayed here for a mini break. Nice hotel, lovely lobby, modern interiors. Rooms were spacious which was great ! Cool design of the Bathroom, where there was a panel of glass from the Bedroom. Service levels good, with most speaking english.Not bad spread for breakfast on the western side. Chinese side not that impressive. It is slightly out from central. Two options, take the metro from Century Park, takes about 10 mins into the Shanghai Telecom Tower. Cab ride to the metro from hotel is about 10 mins.Or take the cab straight to Central i.e. Bund etc. This wil take longer about 20-30 mins depending on the traffic (and driver !!! Yes, they are quite mad out there, like in Formula 1)Overall quite nice !Must try the Massage Salon close to the Hotel. Took my wife and had a great foot massage after a heavy day of sightseeing and very reasonable and open till 1am !	
Apr 21 2007	Would definitely stay there again	We stayed at this hotel late Jan/early Feb and found it great. Our flight arrived early but they were very obliging and let us in to the room early. Room and bathroom (separated only by a glass wall) were very spacious, had everything we needed and the beds were very comfortable. The staff were most helpful. My husband was disappointed in the breakfast so thereafter we walked round the corner to a beautiful bakery - too tempting!A quick taxi ride to the metro and then everywhere you wanted to go easily accessible. Do make sure you have the destination written in Chinese for the taxi driver or ask the hotel staff to inform them.	
Nov 27 2006 	Wonderful Experience	Just came back from a week in this Hotel. I was visiting for a conference that is held every two years. This Hotel has everything the traveller could ask for excellent Internet access in room for free and a great modern Gym for fittness. The staff are warm and welcoming and 95% of them speak excellent English.Large Luxury Rooms. This is the best Hotel experience I have had in 7 years of business travel in China. Highly Recommended.	
Oct 26 2006 	Radisson Pudong - excellent!	We have just returned from staying at this hotel for a conference and found it an excellent choice. It was new, edgy modern, great service and whilst we didnt use the restaurants the breakfast was also excellent . being on Pudong side of the river was no problem and perhaps even a positve (quiet at night) as it was only a 15min walk to the easiest of metro services that I have ever used or a 10min taxi trip to the CBD	
Oct 10 2006 	brand new great modern 	Just return the other day, and this hotel needs a good review, since I was very impressed by this hotel! The price-quality ratio is more than perfect, I paid a little over 50 €uro per night for a Deluxe Room (without breakfast), which is excellent deal. The room has eveything which one needs, even broadband internet is included in the room price. The bathroom is bright and modern and the rain shower is an enjoyment itself. The large room is equiped with flat screen TV, so everything realy is top-end! Overall the service throughout the hotel is also fine. The only thing which was annoying was the very loud kitchen fan, so get a table for breakfast away from the open kitchen with the Asian food. For someone who is looking for a modern hotel at a great price, got to the Radisson Hotel in Pudong!	
