Nov 11 2009 	Good location for a quick first visit.	I decided to stay at the Howard Johnson as this was my first trip to Shanghai and I wanted to be in a fairly central location. Being a business trip of 3 days, time to see the city was also limited, so the central location worked well. Being right near Nanjing Rd, there are many shops - both individual and in shopping centres, and restaurants to choose from.The staff are pleasant and helpful, assisting me in trying to change a flight booking. Breakfast is the above average for the usual hotel buffet style however the price was a bit on the higher side. The hotel offers free internet in all rooms, which is very handy to have. I had a great view over the East Nanjing Rd pedestrian mall, the rooms were of good size, and the bathroom quite large. Complimentary bottled water is also provided each day, which is handy to have.I had one afternoon with 3-4 free hours, and decided to take a quick walk around the French Concession area. If I were to visit Shanghai again, I would most likely look for something in this area seeing as I have experienced 'central' Shanghai now.	
Oct 5 2009	Great location	Great location near Nanjing Road (though not as good as Sofitel). Great breakfasts choices and tastes. Nice clean rooms. Had a good view of Nanjing Road. Overall great stay.	
Sep 17 2009 	Very Near shoppings park and museum.	Decided to try 1 night with this hotel after few nights stays with Westin. Location wise is great, right next to Nanjing road, nearby People's park where you wil find Tai Chi excercises in the morning. Also the Shanghai museum which is within the park.Staff extremely helpful and also encourage me to join their membership ( free) in order to get room disc and free upgrades. Everything you expect from a 4 star ( i would rate it) and value for money. Henan metro station is closeby. Alot of attractions are within taxi rides of RMB 11 ( The taxi fares in shanghai starts at RMB11)	
Aug 3 2009 	Great location nice hotel	I read some reviews on here and got a bit worried, but this hotel was fine. Found the staff helpful and the location is excellent. Very reasonable price too. I would certainly recommend it.	
Jul 31 2009 	Avoid this Hotel	There is no customer service at this hotel. I had a medical problem and required a doctor; the response was ‘go find one’ from the assistant manager supposedly “there to help you!”. I checked out and went over to the Westin Hotel…a world of difference, better rooms, much better service, and a doctor arrived within half an hour.	
Jul 3 2009 	Ordinary with minimal customer service	The location is great, but nothing else stands out. The rooms are very average (we stayed in a much nicer Ho Jo in Ningbo) and breakfast is not included. This was the only hotel of four during our trip where it was not part of the package. We had some confusion on our reservation, even though it had been made from the concierge counter of the Ningo HoJo, and there was little attempt on the part of the staff the help clarify. We had a fluent Mandarin speaker with us, so language was not the issue.	
Jun 18 2009 	Amazing location in Shanghai	Welcoming lilies in the lobby, free upgrade to the business floor, two steps to Nanjing road, good feng shui in the rooms… We could not ask for more. There is plenty to do around the hotel to blend in Shanghai’s local’s lifestyle. We went to People’s park in the early morning to watch people practice Tai Chi, walked around Nanjing road in the morning where you will find people dancing. There are good and very inexpensive massage places all around the hotel area (I highly recommend Xuanni for US$8 one hour foot massage with Ahen na(#8) and Lej yuanjiu (#9) they are doing some construction on the first floor there, but don’t be scared, the place is on the second floor is quite nice.)	
Jun 2 2009 	excellent hotel with great service	posh hotel, great service, however the adjacent open market as people chase you for marketing, try for high floor for an excellent view	
May 16 2009 	Good stay	The hotel is in a superb location - it could hardly be better. Near the Bund, Nanjing Shopping Street etc,. The hotel is very good - impressive lobby, good modern rooms - many with great views. I got a good deal on the room by booking online. I didn't eat breakfast at the hotel - I thought that it was too expensive - but there are more than enough nearby places to eat breakfast in. I would certainly recommend it if you want to stay in the centre of Shanghai.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great Experience	HoJo was fine. A little pricey but all hotels in Shanghai are a little pricey. HotelService was great. English was spoken by all staff and they were very attentive and helpfulBreakfast was excellent, a very international mix of dishes and a relaxing atmosphere.Check-in and Check-out were fast, efficient, and with no incidentRoomLarge and clean. I found the room a little warm, but I found all the rooms I stayed in on this visit a little warm. I think it had to do with the time of year (April), and a transition from Furnace to AirCon.Television had a mix of international channels. Clean bath with all necessary amenities.Noise was not an issue, very quiet room.LocationVery close to Nanjing Road, lots of shops and restaurants nearby.Walking distance to the Bund and many sites.I will definately consider this hotel again next time I am in Shanghai.	
Nov 21 2008 	HoJo to the Rescue	Wow--was a Howard Johnson Hotel or a Hilton--what a difference another continent makes!My wife and I stayed two nights at the Howard Johnson after ditching our previous hotel (the Bailemen) after one night. We read getting an affordable hotel room in Shanghai was tough and we spent a full morning running down the Nanjing Lu to find an affordable hotel.After trying the Marriott and Radisson hotels, we happened upon the Howard Johnson. At first the receptionist insisted on a price of $1600 RMB, but we negotiated the price down to $1000 RMB per night (it was more than we wanted to spend, but we didn't want to spend the night in another creepy hotel).The hotel was clean and the room was well appointed with marble tile bathrooms and counter tops. Prices for the mini-bar were par with luxury U.S. hotels, but the room was spacious, smoke-free, provided cable (including CNN and HBO), and a wonderful view of the neon nightlife along the Nanjing Lu.We also had the buffet dinner. It wasn't amazing, but is was quite good--with a range of western dishes, sushi, seafood, fresh fruit and dessert bar.We would definitely stay at the Howard Johnson again, it was a welcome refuge from our previous hotel!	
Nov 18 2008 	One of the best hotels I visit in Asia	I have been doing some business travel in 4 countries of Asia. And up to this time, I have to say that this is the best of all hotels I have visited. Very classy and clean room, sharp and funcional bathroom, lcd tv, great attention from all personnel (all of them talks english), the hotel is well located and near (couple of blocks) of Mc Donalds and Starbucks, for those who wants to remementer the taste of home. The only thing I guess they can improve is the menu on their cafeteria; they serve the same thing almost every day, even for breakfast.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great hotel for the price	This was my 4th time to Shanghai this year. Prior to this visit, I stayed on the Pudong side (work related reasons) of Shanghai at the Holiday Inn. If you're coming to Shanghai for sightseeing/vacation, stay on the Pushi side of Shanghai. The neighborhood:The hotel's in a very convenient located. It's right across from Nanjin Lu witch is a touristy area. I found 3 Starbucks and 1 Coffee Bean within a 4 block radius. Nanjin Lu and the surrounding area is great for shopping. There a subway station that you can get to within 5-10 minutes walking. The Hotel:This was my first time staying at Howard Johnson. I would recommend this hotel to friends if they came to Shanghai. The room that I got was clean, didn't smell like smoke, and the view from my room on the 10th floor was very nice. I believe most rooms have a window that faces north (like mine), and overlooks nanjin lu. i was happy with the number of TV channel that were aired in english (about 7).The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and their english was good for chinese standards.Room service is 24hours. Their menu was okay, but was a little shorter than other hotel room service menus.Asides from eating room service, I only tried the hotel buffet which was similar to the other hotels I've stayed in China. It was about $20 US (depending on the exchange rate). The quality and selection of the food was okay. Asides from being convenient, I wouldn't recommend it for the price.I didn't have time to try out the amenities and other services that the hotel offered during my 3 night stay.Overall, I'd recommend this hotel to almost anyone who was visiting Shanghai. The only group that I wouldn't recommend this hotel would be Honeymooners.	
Jun 23 2008 	Not bad nor great	I went to shanghai for business/pleasure. Intel arranged for me to stay here for 1 week. My room a a great view and nice/clean bathrooms. Excellent location!!! The restaurant was crap, I rather eat out. Not really a 5 star hotel, more like a 3-4 star.....	
Oct 18 2007	Wonderful position	This hotel is perfectly located in the centre of Shanghai.10minutes walking distance from the Bound.It's perfect if you are there for 1-2 night. a perfect place where to stay.Rooms are big, clean, with many amenities.Restaurants are good only if you take the buffet....otherwise definetly better all the resturants out in area.	
Sep 26 2007 	Confusing....	The location of the hotel is excellent. However, plenty of little issues that need to be addressed. Our booking was, very straightforward, booked through a travel agent, for 2 connecting rooms (2 adults, 2 kids) and airport transfers. I was told before that there were no connecting room in this hotel, which is amazing considering the size/ number of rooms. We settled for adjoining rooms. As I only received one key, I assumed that the room perhaps was connecting after all. Upon arriving at the room, we discovered that it was just ONE room, with a king-sized bed... Back down to the reception counter to ask for our second room. Ah yes... No adjoining room was available. Not good. Upon departure I noticed they posted the airport transfer charges to my bill, which I settled in advance with the travel agent already. This took 25 minutes to clarify with their reservations department and the travel agent's office. Despite that I provided them with a voucher etc. They really ought to look at their Front Office operation.On a positive note; the breakfast was good, and so was housekeeping.	
Sep 20 2007	Fantastic	We booked a deluxe room and were given a small suite on the 17th floor overlooking Nanjing pedetrianised shopping street. Absolutely fabulous. Room large and beautifuully equipped with wonderful service. Fantastic location - could not be bettered. Restaurant excellent and the buffets were terrific and incredible value (different theme every night). Marvellous lobby and bar with first rate service. Not cheap but very real value for money. Highly recommended. Din't miss the skyline on the Hangpu River about 10 minutes walk. Fantastic by day and wonderful at night.	
Jun 15 2007 	Outstanding	Attending a wedding held in one of the restaurants, our large family group spent 4 nights at the Ho-Jo and we could not have been more pleased. From the reception staff to the doorman to the wait staff, everyone was friendly and professional. The rooms were large and modern. Most importantly, they were immaculate, something not always seen in China's hotels. The bathrooms were large and rather elegant. Some of us had views of Nanjing Road and its brilliant lights. One highlight was the buffet breakfast. There were literally dozens of breakfast choices including both Western and Asian dishes, with a chef to whip up the omelet of your choice. The coffee and tea were fresh brewed and delicious. The location was perfect. Just a block from Nanjing Road, there were unlimited shopping possibilities. A walk to the river took less than 15 minutes. Also, it was a short walk to the subway, giving us access to the entire city. Overall, this was our best experience in China and we would not hesitate to recommend this fine hotel to anyone visiting Shanghai.	
Oct 12 2006 	Good place	Rooms comfortable and well equipped. Great buffet, western style breakfast. Good location for shopping.no free internet though. Comparable to a 3-star US hotel.	
Sep 28 2006 	The 'HoJo' - a pretty good choice!	Having read some of the previous reviews we were a bit worried about the 5 star self rating, and the fact that a number of people complained that despite booking a non smoking room ended up in a smoking room. On the basis of these reviews I rang two nights before our arrival and confirmed our booking for twin beds/non smoking. On arrival we were advised that the hotel was full and that there were no twin/non smoking rooms available. The hotel proposed that we take a king bed room (not suitable for mother and teenage son) or smoking room twin. I was thankful that I had rung to confirm the booking and so could reiterate this in our negotiations. In the end, and without too much difficulty, we were placed in a suite with a roll-out bed for the first night and then re-located to our twin/non smoking room the next day. Throughout our 7 nights staff were friendly and helpful. Rooms were great and equipped/re-stocked with all 4-5 star ammenities, inlcuding robes and slippers (noted by a previous guest as absent). The hotel is well located in the city - particulary in relation to the metro, and cabs (very cheap) were always available outside the hotel. The only downside to the hotel was the very overpriced and poor standard buffet breakfast ($30AU per person). Other options in the local neighbourhhood were not that great either - though we did find a 'french baguette' bakery just a two blocks away.	
Aug 2 2006 	Very nIce hotel 4-1/2 stars	Stayed here 5 nights for business/pleasure. Rooms were very nice. Marble bathrooms (though the toilet sometimes ran if not flushed just so). Bottled water was replenished two times a day in the room. Great location, close to most tourist spots. Fitness center was decently equipped (free weights, treadmills, bikes, rowing machines) and a nice sized indoor pool. Multiple saunas and hot tubs (not quite hot enough). Never saw anyone using it. Breakfast buffet was fine. Nothing gourmet but nice all the same. Staff was friendly and helpful, made great recommendations and would write directions in Chinese for taxis. The staff demeanor seemed to reflect the attitude of whoever they were speaking to. If someone was being overly rude and angry, the hotel person became very stone-faced. However, I found a friendly tone was met with a very friendly response.My only disappointment was how expensive laundry was (US$2 for underwear, $US5 for a t-shirt) though it was quick. I'm sure that there are nicer hotels with better amenities, but this one was very good. Between 4 and 5 stars.	
Jul 30 2006	Mediocre	I recently stayed at the Howard Johnson in the Huangpu District of Shanghai. I found it mediocre despite being rated as a 5 star hotel. While checking in, we found the staff unfriendly. They put us on the smoking floor. We requested for transfer to a non-smoking floor as I am asthmatic and the man behind the desk acted like it was an imposition. He checked his computer and told us curtly that it was impossible as the hotel was fully booked. We were scheduled to stay in the hotel for 5 nights, so I requested we be informed of any vacancies on the non-smoking floors during our stay. While the man (his name was Michael) replied in the affirmative, he wore a heavily burdened expression as if our request was totally unreasonable. We never heard from him again. The breakfast buffet was unsatifactory. I fould the choices wanting and the food was on the bland and oily side. I would think twice about staying at the Howard Johnson again.	
Jul 10 2006	Excellent hotel fantasitc staff good breakfast great location	This hotel exceeded our expectations from the start, however in order to remain objective I will put forward the areas that need some improvement. The check-in was efficient and the rooms were grand, commanding and spacious. The hotel has all the facilities of a 5 stat hotel - restaurants, gym, concierge, pool and more. The hotel decor is very grand and quite Chinese in style which very much suits the city.The breakfasts were good, the fruit selection however was not as good as it could be. The selection were the &quot;basic&quot; fruits, once on the road we found more local fruits and more exotic fruits I would have liked to seen on the buffet. The concierge were so so helpful and were very efficient and went above and beyond their duties. The club floor needs some improvement as the nightly cocktail selection is not quite as good as other hotels. The location of the hotel is very good - 5 minute taxi to The Bund, French Concession, Nanjing Pedestrian Mall, Old City and all within walking distance.Would stay again very happy. No problems.	
May 8 2006	Surely not a 5 Star Hotel	the room is good but the toilet inside the room got flooded easily.unlike some 5 star international hotels which we have visited in other parts of the worldi, this hotel does not provide bath robe or sleepers made for kids.. the spa facility on the 6th floor is very poor especially the decor and the facilities. For example, i had to wait for over 10 minutes before there was hot water in the shower areas. There was only one bottle of what appears to be shower gel in each shower room. The bottle was not labelled and one had to guess what it was. If that was indeed shower gel, then something else which one could invariably find in 5 stars hotels are obviously missing. It seemed that the the entire spa facility was inherited from the previous hotel without any substantial improvement works as the decor and the shower facility look old.Aapart from some cotton tips and a tissue box, there wasn't any other toiletries such as face cream, lotion, in the women's changing room. I understood from my husband that there was also no razor or shaving cream provided in the male changing room. the choice of food in room service is limited and some of the food is very expensive. for example, a bowl of corn soup costs RMB95 whereas the best Chinese restaurant voted by Talter Shanghai only sells it at RMB38. generally, the staff speak fairly good English but when my 8 years old daughter called up the service centre (they do not call it housekeeping) and asked for a tooth brush, the staff tried to correct her English by saying &quot;you mean a teeth brush?&quot; and when I said &quot;three people&quot; in reply to the receptionist's question at the coffee shop before she sat us down, she tried to correct my English by saying &quot;you mean three persons&quot;.there is no priority for taxi even if you are a hotel guest and you have to queue up for taxi behind non-hotel guests. we witnessed a fight between some local people and the hotel valet parking staff which became physical whilst queuing up for the taxi.there is a system in this hotel that they will lend only one brolly for each room whilst it is raining. So even if you stay with your spouse and each of you may be heading different directions, you have to work out with your spouse who is going to use that brolly and who is to be soaked in the rain.one thing worthy of mention about this hotel is the answer given by a lfit attendant when we asked her how many stars this hotel has. Her initial answer was this was a 5 star hotel and when being asked further why no sign was put up to tell its guests how many stars this hotel has, her answer was the hotel was built in accordance with 5 star standards and they are applying for it to be so branded	
Apr 29 2006	Enjoyed the Howard Johnson	This hotel exceeded our expectations. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. The resaurants were very good; the morning breakfast was exceptional. The hotel staff are very accomodating and helpful with directions, etc. The hotel is conveniently located and is a very good location for walking around the city of Shangai.	
Mar 31 2006	A Good Hotel Experience	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and was satisfied with the room and service. It's not the best hotel in Shanghai, but it's not bad.The lobby is very nice with seating areas for coffee or drinks. Food from the restaurants and the sandwich/chocolate shop was good and reasonably priced. The concierge is very helpful here - they happily accomodated all our requests and wrote our destination in Chinese on a card for us to give to the cabdrivers. Laundry service is a bit pricey but everything was returned promptly.The room is a decent size, as is the bathroom. Water is NOT filtered here. The closet is very small and you cannot close the doors with a suit jacket hanging, which is inconvenient as closing the doors extinguishes the light. There is an in-room safe.The beds are the hardest I have ever seen - like a cement pad! Linens are nice, towels are fine.Internet access in the business center is pricey, but local calls can be made for a reasonable charge in the business center. Be warned - just to pick up the phone in your room and dial an 800 number will cost you Y$35.Location is good for the Pu Xi side. Sometimes cabs are plentiful, sometimes not.My only complaint with this hotel - they told us we had a non-smoking room. As we went to our room, a hotel worker ran in in front of us, gathered up all the ashtrays, and said &quot;Now non-smoking!&quot;. You have to bully your way into a non-smoking room - only the pregnant people in our group got an actual non-smoking room.	
Mar 28 2006	Great hotel excellent service	I stayed at this beautiful property for 6 nights and really enjoyed it. The rooms were modern and nicely decorated with dark woods. The service was overall outstanding. The employees welcome you, open doors for you, and even call the lifts for you. Also the gym was spotless and well equipped.The Bund is walking distance from the hotel and numerous shops are right outside. The only negative is the insanely inflated prices for the bar, so you should walk outside to a minimart and buy beer for almost nothing.	
Sep 28 2005	Better than the JW Marriott	Half of our tour group of 50 people were dropped off to stay at the JW Marriott. I explored the JW and was feeling dismayed that my half of the group was headed for the Howard Johnson Plaza instead. Those feelings were dispelled as soon as I entered the HoJo's beautifully appointed lobby which was being decorated for Christmas. My husband and I had two double beds in our room which over-looked busy NanJing road. The room was spacious and comfortable with a tub/shower combination in the bathroom. We had the breakfast buffet at both hotels and the HoJo's beat out the JW in variety, freshness, and ambiance. The location of our hotel was also much more convenient to the city's amenities! This Howard Johnson is nothing like the HoJo's back home! I'd stay here again!	
Jul 19 2005 	It's like a state-owned enterprise - avoid	The decoration is good if uninspired. Lots of hotel like this all over China. Nothing special here. But service was just terrible.We had one executive suite and 4 rooms. But we were never told of the $72 special beforehand, so we paid around 30% more. Later, we saw the special prominently advertised at the airport when we were leaving Shanghai!On arrival around 5 pm, we wanted to have a meeting over tea and snacks at the coffee shop for 8 people before we went out to to a trade show. They won't let us have a large table so we can't sit together, saying those were booked for buffet dinner. We were an hour before that and promised to leave before their dinner time. But, no is no. We asked, then, if they can put two small tables together for us. Again, no. When we demanded a reason, the reply was an incredible &quot;We don't do that sort of thing in a grand hotel like this.&quot;We returned late and hoped to catch supper at the Chinese restaurant. Although we were 15 minutes before last order time, they won't let us in. Back to the coffee shop. For 4 of us, they gave us only 2 menus to look at. We requested 2 more, but were ignored by the waitress. So we talked to the manager, who first said he had searched around only there is no other menu around. We told him that can't possibly be right because there were 12 tables of diners and what if any one of them needs a menu? He thought about that, and then gave us a tale about &quot;another department&quot; having borrowed all the menu, even though it was dinner time. Even he felt embarrassed telling it. A minute later he changed his story about having to update the menu, again during dinner time. This was preposterous when a glass of Evian water was $6. We ended up complaining to the hotel's night manager, who of course apologized. He said &quot;now I know what your problem is.&quot; I simply told him, &quot;No, but you know what your hotel's problem is now.&quot;Howard Johnson should go back to doing the budget segment, even in China. In future, we shall avoid this hotel at all cost. Or at least send someone from North America to take a look at this!	
Jun 18 2005 	Not your Usual HoJo!	This might be the best kept secret in town for the location and value. Don't get scared off by the HoJo connection, it is a very lovely hotel opened only since 2003. It has one of the best location in Shanghai, just a few steps from the famous walking street - Nanjing Road where you can find everything from Pearl City(great prices and selection) to Silk King(custom made clothing in a day); Pizza Hut to local delicacies. An easy walk to the People's Square and Shanghai museum to the west and 20 min. walk to the Peace Hotel and the Bund to the east. You can even walk to the Yu Garden where the old city is within 30 min. When you first walk in the hotel, the beautiful lobby area immediately tells you it is not your usual HoJo - grand entry way with Italian marble floor. Hotel rooms are modern, spacious and nicely decorated with high speed internet connection; if you can upgrade to the jr. suite, you even have a nice sitting room with TV and other amenities. It also has a very beautiful full service spa and gym. Breakfast is very good with both eastern and western hot and cold selections. In addition, there is an egg station cook to order. Hotel staff are generally helpful and friendly. Once I stay here, it is hard to go to another hotel in Shanghai - you just can't beat the location, and for what you pay for, it is a superb deal!	
Sep 19 2004 	They try so hard......	I have stayed in this hotel several times, and each time I get more satisfied than the last. This is not an ostentatious hotel, and neither is it of top-class quality. I am attracted to its superb location (right next to Nanjing East Road). The staff try very hard to please, and I do see their sincerity. But somehow, they just lack that little bit of inspiration you see among service providers at world-class hotels. In terms of facilities, this hotel is more than adequate. To me, this is very much a 4-star plus hotel (though they say it's five), and it attracts lots of Americans familiar with the HoJo brand (and expecting it to be similar to at home, only to be pleasantly surprised). It also attracts a fair bit of local travellers, i.e. Chinese businessmen and tour groups. Not that I dislike such stuff, but having some exclusivity does helps, and this case, it lessens the good experience somewhat... Still, overall an impressive act. Recommended for those seeking a decent place without needing to pay through their nose.	
Sep 1 2009 	Ottima scelta		
Aug 28 2009 	????????????		
Mar 16 2009 	Excelente hotel de corte occidental		
Feb 24 2009 	???????????????????		
Feb 11 2009 	??????		
Aug 16 2008 	?????????????		
