Sep 6 2009 	Express indeed	For US $120 more or less for 3 nights stay, its value indeed! Be ready to deal with the staff, some do not speak english...prepare to talk chingrish and communicate like talking to a baby. That we dont mind, its one of the adventures you go through when you're in mainland China. Things turned out well though. Left our luggage with them when we travelled to Hangzhou. There is also a free internet in the lobby.Nonetheless, the Holiday Inn Express has all what you ask for from the hotel, sans the excess (pool, ref, mini bar , room service et al) Breakfast was fine - it came with set meals, basic eggs, hard boiled eggs in hot tea, sausages &amp; bacon, congee, simple veggies and breads. Also comes with coffeee, teas, juice.Rooms are small but clean. Bed and sheets are great too. Hotel also has free laundromat. The hood's safe even at night. Its situated in front of the creek and the location is not commuter friendly. Some Shanghai cabbies do not know where it is. It is also near Carrefour. It is suggested that you ask the front desk . It is also around 10 to 15 mins walk to the nearest train station. Cabs in Shanghai are also cheap. If you get hungry in the middle of the night, there aint many joints open nearby. Front desk offered a McDonalds delivery but we declined. We're in Shanghai and we'll eat McDo? :(	
May 25 2009 	Hotel Review - Holiday Inn Express Putuo Shanghai	Nice Hotel at an affordable rate in Shanghai. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The breakfast is basic. The rooms were noisy from all the new construction especially early in morning. Short walking distance to many restaurants and Carrefour. The only drawback is access to taxis, this is my second time in 2 years staying at this hotel and many taxis do not know where it is located. As well taxis do not hang around this hotel, so tell the hotel if you need a taxi in advance.ThanksMartin	
May 20 2009 	worth to stay	a memorable stay in shanghai, the cleanness of the lobby and room is the most satisfied.	
Feb 28 2009 	Not the best location in Shanghai	Hotel is 8kms from central area and taxi drivers find it diificult to locate.Failed to call a taxi to the hotel but managed with difficulty to return.Taxis are very cheap however.Construction work taking place on both sides of hotel.Access to main road is rough and takes 10 mins.Rooms are spacious,double bed clean and very comfortable.Electricity can go off from time to time.Some western style food available in cafeteria.Difficult to find restaurants within walking distance although there was a good one at the China Greeen hotel [about 20mins] also Starbucks in the same vicinity.	
Sep 29 2008	Hated the Holiday Inn getting out ASAP	Construction Site! Do not stay here, huge diggers operating throughout the early hours! plus this hotel is Miles away from Shanghai City, Taxi drivers have a job finding it. I'm moving out today after 2 terrible nights pre-booked 380rmb not worthy!	
Apr 14 2008 	new hotel	i have stayed at this hotel for 5 nights, i should say that the hotel looks quite new specially the interior of building is quite in a new shape.the rooms are in a good size all having a writing desk and a small sofa. you receive comlimentary tea and coffee plus two bottles of water every day. also the bathroom is in a good state.talking about the breakfast, we had this included in the room rate but i should say it wasn't the best breakfast, you had less choice but both chinese and western. just like most of the hotels in china the staff had a real language difficulty.the main down-point on this hotel is the location, eventhough it's quite close to the metro on line 3 (5 minutes walk) but you have to go through a poor area and maybe for a tourist it doesn't look great. also the hotel is located at the end of a narrow road which most of the taxis think it's dead end.all in all i liked this hotel. specially the price was right for the quality.	
Mar 22 2008 	A Standard Business Hotel	This property is not located in Shanghai city. It is a 25 minute car ride from the city during non-peak hours (11pm). During peak hours, expect a longer drive.If you are a tourist to Shanghai, I do not suggest you stay here as the distance is unbearable. Hotels in Shanghai city are not as expensive as HKG, so i suggest you give this hotel a miss. You will not regret it as the distance can be rather daunting. Traveling after a long flight, you do not want to go through bad traffic throughout your stay.Breakfast is very miserable. Rooms are clean, but very tiny.	
Nov 27 2007	Great Hotel ... Out of the way though	This property is a solid 3.5* hotel, located in the suburb.Rooms: very new, clean rooms, sheets changed daily, triple sheets, giant shower box, bright, and curtains that overlap so you can sleep in properly. Bottled water provided daily.Excellent free buffet breakfast: fruit, veggie, toasts, Chinese congee, chow fan noodle are available as well as three main courses to choose from (beef noodle soup, fried rice, and western style - eggs, hash brown, and bacon).Free internet: three computer stations are available in the lobby as well as free wifi.Location: It's a bit out of the way. Most cab drivers cannot find it without the hotel name card. The check in agent will give you a card when you check in and use this to show the cab driver. Cab is about 30RMB to Nanjing Road and 60RMB to JinMao in Pudong side. Ride to Maglev station is about 70RMB.I'll stay here again if the price is right.	
Sep 26 2007 	Good service but getting expensive...	Was forced to stay this hotel for almost two weeks due to unexpected travel glitches. Overall, I enjoyed stay in this hotel. &quot;Price&quot; was very reasonable. It was only RMB330 nett including free breakfast and internet a night. This rate now went up to RMB380 nett. The hotel is very new and provide shuttle services to Jongsan Park station (Metro Line 2, 3, 4) four times (8:00, 8:30, 9:00, 9:30) during week day.Also, the hotel's &quot;Great Room&quot; restaurant offers a number of set menu for both lunch and dinner, and they are around RMB 20 to 30. The hotel staffs said that it used to have laundry room but got rid of it. Too bad.. Also, one of the biggest Carrefour is just across the street although it take some time to figure out how to get there.However there are some areas of improvement1) Location: Very remote area, and hard to find. Even cab drivers have trouble. Use &quot;Uning ru&quot; and &quot;Kwangpusi ru&quot;2) Renovation??: The hotel is constantly in construction...3) English??: Although hotel staffs tried to understand but most hotel staffs have very limited ability, and just speak in Chinese. Leverage &quot;survival English&quot; like &quot;shuttle&quot;4) Too many group travellers: Well can't help but...Also, I think that the overall price of this hotel will increase rapidly. Already RMB50 increase..	
Sep 24 2007	Above Average	Positives:1) Clean, modern looking rooms2) Clean bathrooms - good showers.3) Free Internet4) Front desk will call cabs for you5) Free breakfast - though mostly Chinese-type breakfast. There are eggs and toast as well.Slight Negatives:1) Taxis don't normally know the location of the hotel even with an address. Would suggest to bring a map that indicates the location of the hotel. Keep in mind there are several Holiday Inns in Shanghai so may be confusing for the taxi driver. Cab ride to Nanjing Road about RMB25-30.2) Water has funny smell. I used the free bottles of water they provided to brush my teeth.	
May 27 2007	EHI Experiance	I enjoyed my two week stay at the Express by Holiday Inn in Shanghai. The hotel is new and very clean, it was also very quite. Some people do not like the location but taxi's are easy to come by in Shanghai and this hotel's rates were reasonable. The buffet breakfast was good. The staff that works at the front desk speak very good English and are very helpful. The air conditioning in the room did not work great but was not terrible. I have been told by people who travel to China often that the air conditioning in most places does not work very well. The internet service on the computers in the business center also do not work very well but I was able to get into my e-mail most days I was there. I would reccomed this hotel to anyone who is visiting Shanghai and does not have a problem traveling around via taxi cab.	
Nov 12 2009 	???????????????		
Sep 29 2009 	????????????		
Jul 23 2009 	????????????		
Jan 23 2009	???????????????????		
Jan 22 2008	hôtel très correct mais inconnu des taxis mêmes		
