Oct 31 2009 	Good Price w/ standard	Not a convenient location, however, you can find many restaurants along Panyu Road. Room is clean w/ standard faciliites. The room price is very ok but Internet is charged at RMB 120 / day.	
Oct 25 2009	Crown Plaza Fudan Shanghai	This hotel is excellent for large tour groups like SmarTours. We stayed three nights. Great buffet breakfasts. Rooms are large and very clean. Only disadvantage is distance to the center of town. Since we were in a group, we were bussed to the attractions. A taxi would be required otherwise. Next year the city is hosting Expo 2010. Lots of construction in progress right now including a rebuild of the Bund. Would suggest waiting till after the Expo for a visit.	
Oct 1 2009 	Luxury Hotel	One of the best hotels Ive ever stayed in. I stayed here for a month I was in Shanghai with work. All parts of the hotel are top class. You can chose from 4 different Breakfast ranges, Chinese, Japanese, European and American. Hotel food was best in Shanghai but came at a high price. If you have the money or if your goighere o business its the only option.	
Jun 7 2009 	Exotic Shanghai	I have stayed in there Pudong property, it's a lovely 5 star property in the out-skirts of Shanghai. Very close to free trade zone. Excellent value for money	
May 12 2009 	Good Hotel has all the regular features of a solid business hotel	I stayed here for two nights (May 8-9, 2009) on a business meeting. This also happens to be the crew hotel for several major airlines.The first thing I like about this hotel is it's location. It's very easy to get a taxi (doorman will get it for you) and there are plenty of small to medium sized restaurants nearby that feature both chinese, western and other international fare.Check-in was easy and efficient. My bags were taken right to my room by an attendant. The hotel was in good repair and I didn't see any visible signs of wear and tear or things that were not functioning.. One of my favorite things about the whole check-in experience is that beautiful red fabric back-drop that is to the rear of the front desk.. very beautiful and elegant..My room was fairly large well equipped. It had all the features you'd expect.. a large desk, internet access is available in the room (at a charge), full international TV, coffee/tea maker, iron, etc. Nice big bathroom with tub/shower combo. Everything in the room was clean and nothing was broken or inoperable.As for the hotel itself, it has a large healthclub right on the premesis-- for a small charge-- pool, sauna, exercise machines, etc.. You could get a full workout here without missing anything.. There is also a fully equipped and staffed business center on-site. Computer rental, internet access, printing, mailing, faxing, translation, etc.. you need it-- they'll get it done.. There are three restaurants as well.. of course the requisite main chinese restaurant, a western/international cafe, a coffee bar with small pastries and sweets, plus a quasi sportbar-like place that offer lighter fare and drinks.. However, in my opinion, in a town like Shanghai, that is arguably famous for its cuisine, you really should take the risk and explore the cities diverse culinary side..My room was prepaid on a company account, so I can't speak to the rate. The service from the hotels' staff was friendly enough.. My one complaint-- such that it is-- is the staffs' lack of what I call &quot;forward thinking&quot;.. for example, I take my first cup of coffee with cream. If I ask for a refill of coffee, I would expect that the server either bring a cream/sugar offering (assuming s/he remembers my initial serving) or would ask &quot;would you care for cream or sugar?&quot;.. that may seem trivial, and on the surface it is, however, I use is as an illustration as to what I mean by &quot;forward thinking&quot;.. anticipating the guests needs-- before s/he ask.Overall, I'd rate this hotel very good for it's ammenities, room features and cleanliness.. While the level of high(er) end hotels has literally expanded like 10-fold in the past several years-- and the bar is now very high-- I still like this hotel.. it retains some local shanghai flavor without becoming just another gigantic, sterile, business hotel... and the location is very good for walking around and exploring.	
Apr 9 2009 	Good as usual	Stay there very often. Service on the exec lounge seems to depend on the people, some crews are very good, other talk among each other so loud that the guests cannot talk to each other. Rooms are nice, bathrooms quite small, but OK, no separate shower unfortunately.Nice job they have done in redesigning the lobby. Just missing the Italien restaurant.Overall - great	
Jan 17 2009 	Poor sound insulation	1.Sound insulation is very bad between rooms. I could clearly hear the person in the rooms next to me not to mention the TV, going to the toilet etc.2.Strange vibration through the room sometimes like a boom car is passing very annoying – maybe a train, or a cinema but I couldn’t figure it out but it was there and I was on the 22nd floor.3.Room was very cold when I arrived, outside temperature was 0 celcius and the room about 10 celcius. Put the heating on high and it took about 6 hours to get the room warm.4.Taxis are a problem – I had read in other reviews and I didn’t think this would be a problem but it becomes one when you stand in a line out in the cold and wind for half and hour waiting for the bellboys to wrangle up a taxi.5.High pressure sales to upgrade when you book-in that I have never experienced in a hotel before – quite strange but be ready for it.6.Internet very good.7.Room service not bad.8.Staff ok but a little controlling but then again this is China.9.Kettle in room which was great.10.Very clean but sterile rooms.11. The room was not good value also they slipped in a donation to Project Hope in the final bill - I hate hotels that do this. Also, I was silly enough to agree to a room upgrade at checkin but I wasn't thinking straight as I had been on a plane for 38 hours. Did the booking on the internet and then they charge a 15% what i think is a service charge(I'm pretty sure this is not a tax but just a way to charge more without you being aware when you do the booking.)Cost were Package rate per night Cyn 959Room Revenue Svc++ Cyn 144Project Hope Cyn 5Room Upgrade Cyn285Room Upgrad Svc Cyn 43Internet Cyn120Cost per day Cyn1,556	
Sep 29 2008 	A godd Hotel	I spent 8 days at The Crown Plaza Shanghai, and chose this Hotel as it was close to places I intended to visit during my stay. The Hotel is not located in the Toursit area and is about a half hour cab ride to The Bund and main shopping area of Shanghai (Nanjing Road).The rooms were modern, quiet and very clean. I found all the Hotel staff very helpful and friendly. The Restaurants in the Hotel are OK, breakfast is the usual buffet, but I found the lunch and dinner menus did not have large choice of food. There are a lot of small independent restaurants close by, and a couple of good massage places to have cheap foot massages, a must after walking all day. Overall a very enjoyable experience.	
Aug 28 2008 	Decent Business Hotel	Compared to a few other hotels I've had to stay in Shanghai, the Crowne Plaza is a good selection.The location is in a fairly quiet street, near Huating Lu, good for shopping. I was not able to check any of the services the hotel offered, as I was mostly in and out of the hotel late/early, as my schedule was tight.I had a deluxe room, which was nice but average - the best thing was that I could open the window, not very common in high-rise 4* hotels, so I was able to turn off the aircon and grab some fresh air.The restaurant serves a decent buffet and some a la carte, although the service is a bit slow and clumsy. Breakfast also offers the standard fare and the overall price (around 100€ all inc) is a good deal for what is offered.The only drawback was the awful processing of my check out. It took them almost 15min to get my bill printed and, although I had pointed it out, that I neeeded it invoiced to my company, they got it wrong TWICE.NOTE: The KLM airline crews also stay here.	
Jun 29 2008	Better Than Expected	We stayed at this hotel as part of a group tour of China. I was a little concerned about staying here at first, because on a map it seemed kind of far from the places we'd want to visit in Shanghai (i.e, museums, the Bund, the Pudong area, and the Old Town). One of the advantages, though, of going with a tour group, is that the tour company provides a driver, and although this hotel is too far from downtown to walk there, it took us no time to get there with our driver or by taxi. The location turned out to be pretty convenient actually -- there are number of little restaurants and shops in the area, a convenience store around the corner, a really good gelato shop two doors down, and an ATM right across the street. The other fun thing about this hotel is that some of the elevators have glass backs to the outside of the building, so you can get a view of the area on your way to and from your room. The business center is really nice and open late, which is convenient. The breakfast is good, serving both eastern and western breakfast foods, although the selection was somewhat limited compared to other hotels we used on this trip. The rooms were nice, and the beds were comfortable.	
Apr 2 2008	Pretty Good Hotel	Intro- I have stayed at this hotel during many visits since 2005. Due to my changing work locations, I just stuck to the &quot;old formula&quot; of staying in a familiar location.Location and Logistics- This specific Crown Plaza is situated on a secondary road (Pan Yu Lu) which connects to the Yanan Elevated Road (S). - It is in an almost central location, in an area which is quite accessible to some of Shanghai's main sites.- It is however a problematic place to stay if you want to regularily commute in and out during morning or evening rush hour. The reason is because Pan Yu Lu is a 2 way-single lane road with medium range shops on either side.Rooms and Design- Rooms are quite spacious. They are equipped with the usual standard stuff like a Safe, Kettle, (nice) Toiletries etc- Internet is available but at a charge.- The Design is quite nice to the eye as well - good tan/brown shade finishes which make a cold day outside feel nice from inside.- They have a good range of TV Programmes as well.- The lobby of the hotel is so-so. The Breakfast area in the morning can get a bit crowded in the morning but the food is good and always fresh.Service/Safety- This is a good secure hotel with pretty stiff security and CCTVs all over the place.- The checkins can get slow sometimes since the hotel hosts regular flight crews which means bottleneck checkins at usually 2 counters working simultaneouly.Amenities- Theres a coffee shop run by the hotel just outside called Star walk Cafe. With a Starbucks opened up nearby, thats a plus for &quot;fast food&quot; type coffee lovers.- I haven't checked the gym or pool but I was told its pretty good.- The hotel actually shares a compound with a large cinema hall as well!Opinion/Pros/Cons- Pan Yu Lu can be a tight slow moving road at rush hour. It may even make your arrival time from airport extend by 30 mins! Total commute time from Pudong Airport in a taxi is around 90 minutes.- The hotel at night is not really in a very hip or trendy area with much nightlife around and its not a walk away from the famed Nightspot Tongren or Heng Shan Road.- Pan Yu Lu is however a very 'fully equipped' road with all kinds of shops for shopping medium range products like a range of clothes/DVDs/restaurants which are open at normal hours. This includes a 'legal' massage place suitable for all family members across the road.- The hotel is situated at a spot which is quite close to the Xui Jia Huai Shopping intersection and good distance from the Jiangan Temple (by Taxi).- Overall the hotel is a nice stay and quite comfortable but as someone mentioned...its a bit boring for some reason. It may be well packed with visitors but somehow still doesnt &quot;rock&quot; or isnt memorable.Cheers	
Mar 29 2008 	Good hotel so-so location...	Both the service and the rooms at the hotel were good. The location of the hotel is in more of a residential district. It surrounded by several shops and restaurants which was convenient, but since it is not in the &quot;touristy&quot; parts, you will need to know some basic mandarin to get by.	
Mar 21 2008 	Basic. Clean. But boring.	I booked online so I could be with some business associates I had come to meet. I booked online and got a fantastic &quot;weekend package&quot; deal including breakfast for US$ 110 so very worth the priceThe rooms are large, clean, well stocked (toilet prodcts, mini bar etc) but the hotel advertises a Japanese restaurant, Charlies bar etc ... however ONLY the one Crowne Restauarant and very small lobby bar. So if you are looking for a busy hotel with many options dont expect that. Ify ou just want a central Shanghai well-located place; sure this is good as a base for business meetings etc Also if you ae here for tourism this is not the hotel as not walking distances from the bund or other major sights.	
Feb 18 2008 	a impressed hotel during my trip to China	during the last Chritmas' and New Year's holiday, I traveled to China with my families. Booked by my Chinese friend, the Crowne Plaza Hotel offered an excellent services to us which gave us a memorable impression. The staffs are very friendly to our foreigners, in particular, some of them can speak English such fluently as they could answer my any request in English. The services are value-added in terms of its lower price. I wish I could enjoy their services next time when I have opportunity to China again.	
Feb 14 2008 	A good face-lift	My recent stay in new renovated Crown Plaza Shanghai was a wonderful experience. Booked through hotel directly with a resonable rate because of the winter pomotion, efficient check-in as usual. It's not a new hotel but staff is very friendly and willing to help you wheneven you need. Room is nice and clean, with all facility and space you expect for a crown plaza room. Only one thing I may suggest is a bigger plasma TV which is becoming standard for most new hotels in Shanghai.The most impressed is the renovated lobby area, It really give the hotel a better image when you step in. Reception told me hotel is building new club rooms next door, hopefully I can try it next time I visist shanghai since crown plaza is my favrorit hotel in town	
Nov 26 2007 	Needs some work	I have stayed at the Crowne Plaza a number of times over the last few years and have to say some of the rooms are starting to look quite tired and shabby.I was initially put in a room (on the sixth floor) with very little furniture and quite a threadbare carpet. I had to contact reception to get international dialling on the telephone. After an hour of incessant noise which sounded like it was coming from renovation work on the floor above, I complained and was moved without a fuss to a much better room on the 18th floor.The reception staff are all very pleasant and check-in and out is very efficient.Eating in the hotel is not recommended as the standard of food is not brilliant. Admittedly we went for mainly western food but even so I would have expected better.The lobby, bar and restaurant areas are due for rennovation later this month (Nov 2007). And judging by my experience some of the rooms are currently being refurbished. However with the choice and standard of similar hotels in Shanghai, the Crowne Plaza needs to improve.	
Sep 27 2007 	Cut short my stay and moved for good reasons....	This was my most unfortunate stay with an Intercontinental Hotels chain property around the world. My stays at the China Holiday Inns have been much better. And of course, the Intercontinental Hotel stays have been great to exceptional.The check-in was ok, upgraded to a deluxe room, which was not deluxe in any sense. It was a very dated (early 1990s designed) room, nothing special or deluxe about it. I cannot fault the room for providing a quiet place to sleep on a western-style bed. However, if you are expecting more hospitality, go elsewhere.The staff is, well, just not trained in the IC chain style. Smiles and greetings are sparse and efficiency is lacking. One of the biggest faults is the lack of taxis. As many Shanghai travelers know, a taxi is generally a cheap, easy and mostly fast way to get around. This hotel is at least one km from the closest subway station, so you cannot fall back on public transport for a quick trip.The hotel was designed with no taxi queue! There is no place for taxis to park and wait for the lucrative fares coming from an &quot;upscale&quot; hotel. I talked with several taxi drivers, through an interpreter, and they said the hotel is too inconvenient for them to regularly service. Hence, the only taxis are those which are dropping off passengers. If there are no dropoffs, there are no cabs. This is a &quot;business meeting&quot; type of hotel, with many people lining up at once to get a taxi. One afternoon at 4 p.m., I waited for 20 minutes until I gave up and began to walk the streets. The hotel sent some bellcaps out to the street to lure in taxies, but they were passive. If you have ever seen the effort some doormen put out to find a taxi, you will laugh at this Crowne Plaza's attempt. A complaint to the front desk got indifferent shoulder shrugs and little effort to satisfy the guest for a basic hotel service. Translated loosely into English their (several front desk people) body language said, &quot;So what's new?&quot; For a traveler accustomed to warm Chinese hospitality, this place was cold as ice.I suffered from sticker shock on the internet charges of 120 yuan (over US$15 a night). This is the highest charge I have seen after maybe 20 hotel stays in China in the past 18 months. (Many are free, of course.) The breakfast buffet, for those not getting a &quot;free&quot; breakfast, was about 175 yuan per person, over $23 at today's exchange rate. Breakfast for two at the Crowne Plaza=almost US$50. It was not a spectacular spread, and they advertised their dinner buffet at the same price. It is price gouging to charge so much to guests looking for a western breakfast. (For China, the US$50 can buy a wonderful dinner for two at a white-linen restaurant.)Many times I pick up the &quot;vibes&quot; of a place, good or bad, upbeat or depressing. This property had sufficient negatives in convenience and costs that I checked out after two nights of a planned five-night stay. When checking out, no one asked why I was checking out early, if I enjoyed my stay, or gave me a comment card. Perhaps if they would solicit feedback from their customers, they would find out why it is not a hospitable place to stay.	
Aug 4 2007 	Average at the Crowne Plaza	We spent 6 nights at the Crowne Plaza Shanghai in early July 2007. We had just stayed at another Crowne Plaza in November 2006 on the Pudong side, so we thought we knew what to expect. It is a long ride to and from Pudong airport, so prepare for that when planning your stay. It is about 20RMB by taxi to central Puxi. First impression of the hotel was all right, but upon inspection it looks tired and worn everywhere, including the hotel band. We were on business and we had club level rooms booked. The rooms were ok, nothing to brag about and especially not the club-level I expected, quite small, worn out and the view was terrible. The club lounge was also a little tired and what surprised us the most was that there were no windows in the lounge. We ate at the hotel Chinese restaurant, which was quite good, but there are better and cheaper choices even on the other side of the road, just turn right and cross the street. We had a few beers at the hotel bar Charlies, nothing to tell our grandchildren about, very loud music by a terrible band and the price of beer was astronomical by any standards, a pint of local beer costing about 55RMB! Breakfast was fairly all right, but limited in choices.What upset me was that they charged one of us 134Euros directly from the credit card with no explanation, which we only noticed when we got back. Still trying to get an explanation, but so far no answers... Overall, not terrible, but not good either and the last part didn't help either. The Crowne Plaza on the Pudong side was so much better, but sooooo far away. Will be staying at another hotel chain the next time.	
Nov 11 2006 	Great staff fine hotel	This Crowne Plaza, one of three in Shanghai, is actually quite out-of-the-way on a back street off one of Shanghai's main shopping streets (although all the shopping is a couple of miles down the road at the other end). There is no Metro stop close by, which would make things difficult except for the plentiful supply of cabs, which are very cheap. Do be sure your driver knows where he's going though - some in Shanghai don't seem to be aware of the basic tourist spots! Inside, it's a comfortable international business class hotel, with several restaurants and bars. I recommend you book a room on the club floor for the extra space and comfort, the dedicated breakfast area and the priority check in on the upper floors. The room itself had a decent bathroom and was large with a comfortable bed. The internet connection was fairly slow, despite claiming to be 100 Mbps, but the TV stations were a good mix of CNN, BBC, some movie channels, etc. My real memory of this hotel will be the exceptionally helpful and friendly staff, however. I was unfortunate enough to be the victim of a crime in Shanghai (nowhere near the hotel, I should add), and two of the staff went out of their way to help me, accompanying me to the police station, translating for me, and generally reassuring me. I couldn't have thanked them enough, and highly recommend this hotel on the basis of those staff. It's a comfortable base, and a pleasant refuge from the bustle of this electrifying city. Incidentally, the crime I was the victim of occurred on Nanjing Road close to the Bund. It seems, from my research afterwards, that many others have suffered similar experiences in Shanghai. A man approached me on a Sunday afternoon and asked me to help him speak English. This happens a great deal in China. I resisted, but he seemed genuine and in need of assistance. I accompanied him to his choice of venue: an Egyptian bar off Nanjing Road, near the top end by the Bund (which he assured me was a coffee house, but was clearly, on entering, a red light bar). This resulted in me being asked for sex by prostitutes, and when I refused being presented with a bill for nearly 3000 Yuan (around 250 GBP) for drinks they falsely claimed the girls had consumed. I was threatened by male bouncers and not allowed to leave until I paid up. I did so and left, after which I called the police. If you are a vicim of crime in Shanghai, always call the police on 110. They were really helpful, found a translator for me over the phone, visited my hotel room, and eventually took me back to the bar where they got me most of my money back. The police take these crimes very seriously and will be helpful. Two further tips: don't speak to anyone on Nanjing Road, and avoid the Egyptian Bar just off the main street. It's full of appalling criminals.Enjoy the rest of Shanghai, though: it's a great city.	
May 4 2006	Better than ever	I was a regular visitor to this hotel until they began the renovation work a couple of years or so ago when the daytime noise became too annoying. Having tried other hotels such as Sofitel and Hua Ting in the meantime, I was relieved to learn that the work was completed and I had no hesitation in returning for a short stay in April 2006. The rooms and service are up to the best Crowne Plaza standards and good value (at least for Shanghai) at about USD 120 per night ,particularly with the upgrade I usually enjoy as a Priority Club member.Although a bit out of the way from the main shopping and business areas, it is located in a very quiet and pleasant neighbourhood with lots of nice restaurants within walking distance. In fact if you don't like hotel breakfasts there is an excellent cafe with Chinese and Western dishes immediately next door by the cinema complex.If you don't fancy long taxi rides through the Shanghai traffic it is simpler to get a taxi for a 5 minute trip to the Xujiahui shopping area (several large stores and shopping mall) where there is a fast subway service to Nanjing Road and Huaihai Road shopping districts.Unless you have a lot of business in Pudong area I would recommend this hotel to anyone - it is also very close to Hongqiao Airport which is much more convenient for domestic flights than Pudong Airport.	
Jan 4 2006	Good value nice place	We stayed at this hotel for 9 nights. We paid $81/nt for a single king bed and in advance. When we got there inspected this room, it was fine but, we paid an extra $25/nt and upgraded to a better king room with many extras including one breakfast(only one, regularly about $20, and not that good. if you are with someone else, you will probably eat on the street), free happy hour, 2 shirt pressing/day, 23rd floor usage where the happy hour room was located, internet, free drinks, good snack foods and a meeting area. It was worth it to upgrade, especially since even at $100 is cheap for a nice hotel. We used the business office twice but they are not very helpful, but they try. I wanted to locate a company but they had no idea what how to help or did not understand?? There is construction going on in the hotel but not near our room and I heard a hammer occationally in the lobby. While I was at the counter, a visitor was complaining about the noise, so they just moved her to another room. Over all the price and the service is a good value. The location is the French concession where there are good places to eat and places to see. Across the street is a good place for massage (one hour is RMB 70).	
Feb 3 2005	horrible construction work!	I stayed at Crowne Plaza in Shanghai in December 2004 with my mother-in-law. I have often chosen Crowne Plaza hotels in Asia, because usually the price/quality ratio has been relatively good. However, this time I was very disappointed because there was a big room construction work going on, and we got our room just below the construction work. The noise was just terrible and plaster was falling from the ceiling. I immediately called the reception and asked if we could change the room (after 8 hours' flight + jet lag you need to rest). The change was not possible, we had to wait for the next day!!I fully understand that construction work have to be done sometime, but there should be a warning at the hotel website (in this case the work was done betw. 8:30-18:00 so it didn't disturb those who were on a business trip, but for tourists it was a nightmare). Additionally, the german girl at the reception just said that &quot;the walls are so thin nothing can be done&quot; - that did not make us feel any better! They could have given discount, free dinner or something.But there was a lot of positive things as well, both rooms were newly renovated and kept very tidy, breakfast was very nice (+ lot of variety) and there were a lot of shops &amp; restaurants in the neighbourhood of the hotel.Transportation to shopping streets takes time, the ring road was congested and it took 20 mins to walk to the nearest subway station.	
Jan 9 2005	A Good Value 4 star	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in November 04. It was very busy at the time but at check in they still managed to find me a non-smoking room which my agent had forgotten to request. The hotel, although not new, had attractive decore and was extremely well maintained with every amenity expected for its 4 star rating. My room was also attractive, spacious and very well appointed with efficient air conditioning and good tea and coffee making facilities. The room service and breakfast were also of very good quality. My only criticism was its position on the western side of the CBD but nevertheless, it was a very pleasant area with some interesting shops and restaurants nearby. If you dont mind not being central it offers good value for a 4 star property and I'd definitely recommend it and stay there again.	
Jan 21 2009 	??????????		
Jan 3 2009 	Pulito e confortevole		
