Oct 22 2009	Good Value Hotel but ...	We just returned from Shanghai and our stay at the BestWestern Ruite.We agree with previous reviews that the hotel is a bit out of the way, and there is no eateries near by except for the restaurant within the hotel itself. Having said that, the new subway line (only a block away) is now open. This made it very easy to get to other parts of Shanghai. Depending on where you are heading, you may need to make 1 or 2 transfers though. To get to Pudong or the Bund, it would take 2 transfers and approximately 30-40 minutes.As for the restaurant in the hotel, they served surprisingly good meals. For example, the beef soup noodle was generous, tasty, and reasonable by western standard - this, coming from Chinese Canadians who are accustom to good meals.As for the hotel itself, the lobby looked a little dated, but our room looked more up to date. Make sure you book and ask for the &quot;business&quot; rooms.The bathroom was a good size with a tub. Air conditioning worked great. The bed was on the hard side, but I didn't mind that. Internet was free but was on the slow side. Breakfast, not bad, was also included.We arrived via Pudong International Airport, which is a good 60 minute taxi ride through heavy traffic. We left via Hongqiao International Airport for Beijing. This ride is only at most 20 minutes ride from the hotel.I booked the hotel using my travel points. So I guess it was good value - if you don't mind the location.	
Jun 15 2008 	Interesting experience	I have just returned from Shanghai BW hotel. It was really a good hotel with reasonable price. Room was clean and comfortable, however the bed was so hard. They welcomed really kindly. There were couple of issues there: they were not speaking english very well, so sometimes the communication was confusing. Breakfast is about 58 RMB, which is really expensive I think, and there is no too much options.Hotel is located in the southwest of Shanghai, out of the main attractions. You can use taxi to the Indoor Stadium metro station - approx. 15-20 min and max 18-20 RMB the cost. With the metro you can reach every attractions and the cost is about 4 RMB.Ask the receptions every time for a taxi card where they can write your destination in Chinese.It is really important, because almost nobody speaking english.	
Nov 21 2007 	great hotel	I stayed at this hotel in Nov 2007 as it was recommended to me by the Tennis Masters Cup ticket agents in Shanghai. I was told that it was one of the hotels near the Qi Zhong tennis centre.The only negative aspect of this hotel is that it is in the middle of the HongQiao industrial zone!!! To get to anywhere near ( subway, shops etc) you need to take a taxi and it was no where near the tennis center. I ended taking a taxi there the first 2 days ( 30-45 min trip, depending on traffic ,60 - 70 RNMB one way) and then took the shuttles to and from the pick-up points around Shanghai once I got my bearings. I was told by the managment team that there will be a subway station 2 minutes' walk form the hotel byt the end of this year.Otherwise, I had no complaints about this hotel. Great hotel, clean, large, modern rooms. It is also part of some art initiative and so there are pieces of modern art scultpures, paintings, displays all over the hotel. Hotel is sophisticated and well decorated. All rooms have either wifi, internet access, cable tv. Breakfast was both continental and Chinese. There is a full service restaurant there as well specialising in Chinese and Italian cuisine- not very expensive. Staff very friendly and helpful, esp for translating destinations to taxi drivers in chinese. Beware that the average person in Shanghai speaks very little english but the young people are speaking more English now. It is a good idea to learn a few phrases in Mandarin.I would definitely stay there again once the subway station has been completed to make it easier to get into central Shanghai.Arrived at Pudong intl and took the line 3 bus at the airport to the Yin He ( Galaxy) hotel then took a taxi from there to the hotel. Hotel is definitely nearer Hong Qiao airport and taxi there cost about 45 RNMB. I checked out one day after I arrived as I had to fly to Beijing for 2 days and my luggage was stored and I was upgraded to a bigger room/ business room when I returned to check in the 2nd time around.All in all , great , modern, classy hotel best suited for businessmen who have come to do business in the hundreds of factories in the area. Very quiet and all rooks sound-proofed. Having said that, there were many tourists at hotel as well. Shanghai is a great city and will definitely visit again.Enjoy the stay and , by the way, the pics of the hotel are accurate.If anyone wants to contact me about the tennis masters cup , feel free.	
