	Simple hotel - Good location	We travelled for a quick business trip to Shanghai and stayed at this hotel because of its location. It is located in the Bund, walking distance away (6 or 7 blocks) from Nanjing road (the main shopping avenue).The hotel is very clean. The room was small but had a 42'' plasma (with Chinese TV only) and a computer on the room with free internet. The window could not be open. The bathroom was small but OK.This hotel is ideal for leisure travellers with little time to waste on taxis or subways (Shanghai's traffic can be really messy). I would not reccommended it for long stays or business trips.Mrs Zhang in the front desk was very helpful and friendly and speaks really good English (which is not easy to find in many Chinese places).Bottom line, it's a 3 star hotel, nothing fancy about it, and you get exactly what you are paying for.	
Nov 2 2009 	Room was great staff were rude and incompetant	If you are looking for just a room and don't need any help from the hotel, then this hotel would be perfect. The room was clean and comfortable (after travelling throughout Asia, the bed was a welcome change from usual hard pads). There were no windows in my room, which may not be ideal for couples, so I would suggest inquiring beforehand. I used the laundry service and I was quite pleased with the results. I wouldn't suggest the breakfast they serve. It's a cheap buffet, but they have tastier options outside. The location was nice, being situated right next to the bund and walking distance to the nearest subway station and mall. The wireless internet wasn't working properly for the duration of my stay.This was the last extension of my trip, so I needed some help from the front desk for things. 1) I needed to make an international call. It didn't work. I was told to confirm the number and dial 011 first. I went back to my room and tried again but couldn't get it to work. I went back downstairs and waited in line again to be served. They then made a call to someone and told them to activate my phone. So I went upstairs and tried again. Didn't work. Then I went downstairs and waited in line again. I asked them to confirm what I have to dial to get out of China, and they told me 0011. So I went back and tried it, but it still didn't work. Long story short, I waited in line 5 times just to find out that the numbers they were giving me were wrong and they didn't bother to activate my phone first.2) I needed help booking a day side trip. I asked them if they provide the service. The woman looked like this was a huge inconvenience and said I should go there myself to book it. I told her I didn't speak Mandarin and thought I needed some help. She assured me that they would speak English there. I also told her that I wanted to book it all in advance so that I would get a seat, but I didn't want to spend a day journeying to the ferry port just to book and come back again later. She assured me that if I went the day of when I wanted to go, I would get a seat. I asked her if she was sure, and she assured me I would be fine. Sure enough, I make the journey there and not only was the day trip that I wanted booked solid for the next two days, but all the other ones as well. Wasted an entire day and never got to do the side trip.3) Wanted to exchange money, was told to come to the desk whenever I wanted. I came at 5pm and was told the exchange desk is only open from 9 to 4pm. I was seriously low on yuan and had to spend the night in the hotel because of it. 4) Asked for a map, was told that it would cost me money. I showed them a rather simplified map that I had and asked them to point something out on it, and they told me that just pointing out the spot would also cost me money. So I guess the room charge is exactly that, a room charge only. Don't expect any help from the staff.	
Oct 15 2009 	You get what you pay for!	This hotel is in a good location but its quite odd. The rooms are really tiny and uncomfortable and some of the staff are unhelpful, but for the location its good value for money and I think you would struggle to find a better hotel for the price in a location so central.We only stayed for four nights and it was okay. It did the job and served its purpose. We were happy to move on though. Four nights was definitely enough for us.	
Aug 4 2009 	A Dump	Based on tripadvisor reviews i booked a roomin this hotelwith a window. turns out window here means a fixed opaque glass pane. therefore no ventilation. with august temps rising above 30 degree celsisus, the hotel regularly switches of the central off or has a faulty AC system meaning around 3 a.m. you may wake up sweating and feeling suffocated and the fixwd glass 'window' can't be opened. they do nothing about it and the reception don't speak much english. room lighting is so bad that you feel you are in adungeon somewhere. everything feels damp and clammy. breakfast and bar/restaurant is overpriced. everything around resembles a huge construction site especially the bund. there are no location advantges by staying here as taxis are cheap and with so much construction, you can't really walk anywhere on the bund. go somewhere else unless you want to experience the black hole of calcutta	
Jul 22 2009 	Great location Great staff humid rooms	Stayed at this hotel from the 14-22nd of July for business. had booked a room through agoda and got a good price for the basic room. From Pudong airport, i took the maglev to longyang rd. then the metro line 2 to Nanjin rd. east (cost 50+4 rmb) in total. The hotel is located a 10 minute walk from the metro station. Perfect location for access to the city in my view. two mini markets are located 1 minute away, and you can choose among a japanese/chinese, plus two chinese local restaurants within 2 minutes walking.RoomsFrom the other reviews of this hotel, I was prepared for the small room size, so this was no problem when i saw that this was actually very true. Unfortunately I was disturbed the first night, by the aircon, which is directly above the head of the bed. Even while off, there was a strong draft sound, throughout the night from the airvent, which made me ask for a new room the following day. I got a new room with no problem, that was a bit bigger, and here the sound from the airvent was a little less disturbing.. Only real criticism I have of both the rooms is that the humidity in the room, felt very high, through the 7 days I stayed here. Even though the hygrometre showed about 55-65, my clothes in the suitcase was cold and wet, even though I had not unpacked it. Same thing goes for the bed and linning. I have a theory about the hotel in general is using a bad centralized airconditioning system for the rooms. Staff and other servicesThe staff present during my stay was very friendly and treated me well. English knowledge is okay for basic inquiries. I never used the restaurant or any other services the hotel offered, except from the FREE wireles internet, which was a great thing. Only the wireless connection is free, LAN costs 30 rmb a day. The hotel in general is nicely decorated and has dimmed light.PS. If you do not already have a plan for your visit, I recommend getting a personal guide. I can personally recommend Aron, who has helped me: shanghailocalguide.com. Another tip is to make a survival list with the 10-15 most basic Chinese words and sentences and take it with you every where. Best regards C.B.Pedersen	
Jul 21 2009 	Past its prime	You can tell this used to be a grand hotel. Not anymore..When we first checked in we got to our room, a tiny cot with no window, even though we booked with window. As the error was corrected we got to a slightly larger, as dated and dirty room. Extremely hot, dirty bathroom and dated interior.On the plus side, the location is pretty good, and I guess it is hard to find a hotel this cheap as central as it is. If you can handle bug bites, then go for it!	
Jul 21 2009 	Decent but could have been better	The hotel is reasonably well situated, but since I was on vacation I would have preferred being rather in French Concession area. Nanjing road is just too stressful with so many aggressive sales men during day and hookers during night. I stayed for two weeks, so I got to know the surrounding place very well. There were no cafes or bars anywhere nearby. You had to walk at least 15 minutes to find the nearest Starbucks. Subway station wasn't too far. Beds were hard. Room was decent, but small with no windows. I had the most basic kind of room. So although, it's a decent deal for the price, I would have rather paid extra 10-20 euros and gone to a better hotel.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great value great location clean and friendly staff	Really nice hotel in a great location, near the subway, and the main sites. The staff are really friendly, the room was a good size, and had good facilities. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who was a nice but great value hotel.	
Jun 29 2009 	Good for business travel and GREAT LOCATION	Good overall hotel, and very clean. Excellent location, walking distance to the Bund, Nanjing Lu, metro station, and to plenty of cabs. Art Deco decor. Not overly content with the service, small room with no window, small wardrobe, small bathroom.	
Jun 18 2009 	Comfortable Rooms in an Ideal Location	At first the hotel was a bit hard to find as there was extensive renovations going on in the area, no fault of the hotel. It is on Dianchi Road behind the Peace Hotel which is right on the Bund. To get there we took the Maglev from Pudong Airport and then took the Metro line 2 from Longyang Station to East Nanjing Road Exit 3. The hotel is 5 minutes walk from there in the direction of the Bund just ask someone in the area for directions.The room was small but very comfortable, it was clean; there was a kettle, coffee, tea hair dryer and free internet. It is reasonably priced given the location, do keep in mind it’s a business hotel. Again the Bund is just a 2 minute walk around the corner and the famous shopping street Nanjing Road is a 5 minute walk away. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful.	
Jun 7 2009 	Comfortable rooms and great location	I usually pick hotels based on location first. This hotel is suited perfectly as it is right next to the Bund and a short walk to the metro. The only thing I ask in a hotel room is to provide me with a comfortable base to return to, since most of the time I will be out sightseeing. The Manhattan Business Hotel provides exactly that.I booked a Common Room. It's a very small room with the king size bed taking up most of the room. There are no windows, which didn't really bother me. The only thing is that you can't tell if it's morning or night except by looking at the clock. They put plenty of mirrors which give the illusion of more space and also helps with the lighting. The room is a little dark. I could have used brighter, white lights.The bathroom is small, but clean and has new fixtures. It is hidden behind a sliding mirror door. You only get a shower stall and not a tub, but I only take showers. The towers are new and soft! I can't tell you how many times I've gotten worn out scratchy towels at hotels.There is also a small armoire to hang your jacket or pants, and there is a small safe inside. There is also a small desk and a wall mounted LCD tv (it was a 26&quot; tv I believe). I usually only watch CCTV-9, the English language international channel when I'm in China, so I don't miss HBO or other American channels. I wish they had managed to fit in a small refrigerator though. Not that crucial as there is a Family Mart a block away.Wi-fi worked perfectly for my netbook. They had two connection points on the fifth floor, and either one worked great. The signal was good (3 out of 5 bars for me).For around $45 a night, this room was perfect for me. If you traveling with another person or family, I'd definitely get a bigger room, but I would definitely book this hotel again. You can't beat the location and value.	
May 30 2009 	FANTASTIC	I travel extensively for business and pleasure. This hotel's room gave me much pleasure and relaxation. The room quality, size, offerings far exceed the cost. In fact the Executive Suite with the amazing Jacuzzi tub and outrageous huge shower, fantastic size room with so much room to &quot;hang&quot; out and relax in made me feel like a very rich celebrity but on a realistic budget. Location was great. Shopped and was able to enjoy the &quot;bund&quot; even though I only had one night to do it in. Loved it so much am going back next week for this next business trip. Very unusual as I enjoy staying in different hotels everytime. This hotel offers an incredible amount for the price. Service was fantastic.	
May 2 2009 	No Window	Good location near the Bund area. 5 min walk to enjoy the spectacular view. go at night prefer on weekend, when they light up all the building. Great. Staff is friendly, with a Spa on the ground floor, the services is quite pricey thou. You could get less expensive spa else where. The room is extremely small with a big plasma TV, so it quite difficult to enjoy the TV and it got NO WINDOW.	
Mar 31 2009 	Superb Hotel with a great location in Shanghai	I stayed at the executive suite for six nights and found the hotel just great!! Very friendly and professionell staff with a superb location just off The Bund. My suite, which I got for about 90 dollars, was really worth the money. You had to walk for 30 seconds to reach The Bund and one minute to reach Nanjing Road East. The Hotel was really really clean. The bed was pretty hard which is always get case in China! Recommended!!	
Feb 24 2009 	Good location comfortable yet daggy hotel	I stayed at the Manhattan Bund Business Hotel for a couple of nights in February 2009. None of the maps I viewed prior to booking gave an accurate indication as to its location - so FYI it is located behind/next to the Peace Hotel (North). Dianchi Rd runs parallel to Nanjing Rd for one block between Zhongshan Rd (The Bund) and Sichuan Rd. And the hotel is about a 5min walk to either the Bund or Nanjing Rd. And about a 10min walk to the nearest subway station.None of the reception staff spoke much English, but enough to get by (barely). My room was an Executive Suite, and it was HUGE!!! with lounge/receiving area, work area/desk (and computer) and king sized bed &amp; 42&quot; LCD. The rooms however were very daggy, and it looked like they were styled in the 1970s. The bathroom was big, and included a spa bath, and an awesome multijet shower. High speed internet was available via a wired connection (and computer) in to room for 10yuan for 24hrs access, or free via wi-fi - however the only place in the room I could get a strong signal was on the floor just inside the door (not very convenient, considering how big the room was). Contrary to other reviews, the rooms do have windows; you just can't see out of them as they are frosted glass - not that there is a view anyway. The buffet breakfast was extremely good value for 48yuan. I never had dinner at the restaurant as there was a multitude of places to eat nearby. Drinks in the in room fridge were also quiet cheap for a hotel, yet still not as cheap as at the mini mart at the end of the street.The only things I didn't like about the hotel were:- The only tourist maps they had of the area were in Chinese - No English maps at all.- The lack of decent wifi signal in the room.- Communication with the reception staff was difficult as they had little English skills. Even asking what the days weather was to be got to be a chore.All in all, for the price I paid for the Executive Suite (~AU$150/nt) I got a very good deal, and if I ever go back to Shanghai, I would strongly consider staying here again .	
Nov 19 2008 	Better than 3 star hotel	I would say this is another good hotel to stay, it is about 5 min walk to the metro station, the station is in 1 plaza exit at no. 3 if you fly to Pudong airport you can get out by maglev train (40 yuan) then get the metro at Longyang station metro line 2 (green line) then go to East Nanjing station 4 yuan get out at gate no. 3 then walk down to the Bund ....might be a little difficult to find the hotel so i just ask the people around there.  There is a family mart near the hotel, and some place to eat breakfast and dinner. This hotel is near the Bund which travelers must go to see and take picture here with the Orient tower. When we got into the hotel, the room is small but they put lots of mirror in the room so it's look bigger, in the room every equipment is there, kettle, coffee, hair dryer, a big LCD tv. The bahtroom is very small no tub but it's clean and it's ok if you just want to take a shower. The room is clean and bed is ok ....blanket should be more thicker and also there is only 1 pillow for each people and it's very flat. If you didnt stay in the room much you will not be complaint about the tv channel which there is HBO and CNN only for you to watch and the rest is Chinese channel. Anyway this hotel is cheap try to book by agoda website. I will say this hotel is almost 4 star hotel.	
Aug 23 2008 	Good hotel has its quirks	I stayed at the Manhattan Bund Business Hotel for a couple of nights. I got to the hotel late, due to a late flight - I checked in at 2am, but had called before to let them know, so it was all fine. The reception staff are efficient, although not all of them know English - one day, I talked to a very fluent guy and a very fluent lady who gave me information. The next day, the receptionists did not know English and had to resort to calling the English-language Guanxi telephone line to resolve my query (I was asking for directions).The rooms are small and have 1970s decor, which is charming in its own way. The bathrooms are ok, but are a bit small in size. There is an in-room safe and net connection (wifi and wired). The service was good - I left the room in the afternoon on the weekend, and it was cleaned before I got back. When they figured out I was a foreigner, they left an English-language paper, which was considerate.The room had free net connection via an in-room computer, and several high-speed wifi which I connected to with my laptop. These were very good. My gripes about the room were:1. No fridge2. The bedsheets had a tear in them on the second night3. The underside of the sink tap was encrusted with I don't know what....obviously not cleaned too well4. No desk....in a business hotel, how are you supposed to do work with no desk?The bar and restaurant was empty throughout my stay. However, it has atmosphere, due to the 1970s feel, and the barman and bar-lady are friendly and really helpful. Beer is 25 Yuan a bottle, which is expensive for China, but not that expensive for hotels in China. I didn't try the food here, as it was expensive and anyway there are lots of places around the hotel to have food. I didn't try the massage and sauna as I heard that these are kinda expensive. A business centre would also be helpful....The location was good - a minute from Nanjing Road, 5 minutes from Nanjing Road East metro (line 2), and a minute from the Bund. The area is very safe, even very late at night. Yes it is dark, but I didn't see anyone dodgy around here. And it's easy to catch taxis from outside the hotel, as there is always one (or two) waiting. There is also a small supermarket, and a Family Mart, on the corner near the hotel, for essentials such as toothpaste, bottled water, snacks and baozi (although the baozi I saw were kinda old!).	
Aug 7 2008 	Good deal. Good location. Little old!	I saw the reviews from Trip Advisor so booked it through Expedia. The location is great - only one block over from the famous Nanjing Road, the Bund, and plenty of shopping! The only downside is the again the location as it's off the main road, so the evenings can be a little dark walking back to the hotel. At night, it's definitely a little scary but if you with someone else (ie. spouse) should be OK. There's enough people out at all times of the day that it's not bad.The restaurant on top (8th floor) could be better. There's no free breakfast with the stay which is very disappointing. Prices are alright by Canadian standards but pricey for China.The room is very small. Be enough for two at most! There's no minibar fridge so we couldn't have cold drinks when we wanted, which was often during these summer hot days!OVerall I was ok with the stay but would look for something on the main road next time but you can't beat the price!	
Jul 16 2007	Good location small basic rooms	Although close to the Bund &amp; Nanjing Road, you will want to upgrade/book a large room if staying here for more than one night and want a level of comfort. As per other reviews, the basic rooms are TINY. Our 1st room, the size of a walk-in closet, had a tiny non-operable shaded window &amp; the decor, while “Asian exotic&quot; with dark colors was a bit dark and depressing. As we and our bags barely fit in the room, we paid several hundred USD more (for a week stay) to upgrade to a larger room -so much for a budget hotel. The larger room had lighter décor and a large operable window, a King-size bed, mini fridge, hot pot, desktop computer, large flat screen TV &amp; small shower (no bath) within a very tiny bathroom. The carpet, dirty and stained, was not vacuumed during our stay. Housekeeping was very inconsistent in terms of cleaning the floor, counters, replenishing water, &amp; providing a newspaper, etc. Laundry service was good &amp; reliable. Despite its name, by no means is this a business hotel; no clock in the room, no on-site business center, wireless internet rates are confusing and convoluted, and printing docs at the front desk is quite a task. The desk staff speak VERY little English. The hotel restaurant on the top floor was always empty, as well as a bit dark and dismal, but ok for a quiet drink. Great location if you want to be close to the Bund (near the entrance to the Psychedelic tunnel) but next time we will stay closer to the Sofitel area in the Nanjing or French Concession area.	
Apr 27 2006 	Nice hotel great location 	I've been staying on business in Shanghai on and off for a couple of months now, and have had an incredible amount of trouble finding a hotel that (a) wasn't going to rip me off and (b) had service approaching the usual international standard. I tried the Manhattan Business Hotel on the Bund (historic riverside area of Shanghai) on the strength of a Japanese guidebook review.Turned out pretty well. It's just off the Bund main drag, just off Nanjing Lu (the main commercial thoroughfare of Shanghai) and two minutes walk from the underground/subway. Historic looking building, friendly front of house staff, and I got a suite for 777RMB ($100).Broadband in the room, nice shower, lots of free mineral water.Breakfast was good - freshly made real coffee, orange juice (as opposed to orange squash served in the last 4* hotel I stayed at in Shanghai), and nice service (a waiter spotted I wanted some toast, and made it for me in the buffet toaster- without a word of request from me).Only one downside is that for some strange design reason, none of the rooms have clear windows - all frosted glass or no windows. And they don't open. Weird.It doesn't have a swimming pool, exercise room or Michelin starred restaurant. But if you want a reasonably priced centrally located hotel with friendly staff, I'd recommend it strongly.	
Aug 26 2009 	Buena ubicacion		
Jul 21 2009 	hotel comodo ma niente di eccezionale		
Jul 21 2009 	??????????		
Feb 23 2009 	?????????		
Jan 16 2009 	Excelente ubicación		
