Jul 10 2009 	Good hotel	Good hotel, good price, good location.The only problem is the smell of the restaurant.	
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent location large rooms	The location was too good to be true. Barely a minute's walk from the West Nanjing Road metro station. We took the Maglev train from Pudong airport, changed to the metro line, got off at West Nanjing Rd station, and walked to the hotel. The same in reverse while departing. The short distance from the metro station, and the central location of the West Nanjing Rd area itself, meant far less time commuting to anywhere. This was the most important requirement as a tourist.The rooms were quite large and comfortable. There were no instructions on how to set the lock on the safe, and it took several visits of housekeeping people before even they could decipher it ! The air-conditioning was a bit on the warm side. Otherwise, found the staff very helpful, and enough people at the front desk spoke English. Exchange rate offered by the hotel for currency exchange was also good. Whenever requested, they checked out show timings, ticket availability etc for us on the phone, and helped us.The breakfast was average. My only grouse is that I had booked this place months in advance at 580 Rmb/night for 4 nights. A week before going there, I noticed that the internet quoted rates had dropped below this price. When I told the hotel about the same, and requested for a reduction, they refused (the same happened at our Hong Kong hotel, he reduced the price by much more than what we asked for).Otherwise, we found the hotel clean, and would consider staying here again.	
May 12 2009 	Great location average hotel	The hotel has a fabulous location just off West Nanjing Road and 50 metres to a tube line. I cannot think of a better location in Shanghai to base your trip, there are lots of restaurants nearby and the best street for shopping in Shanghai (if you are a women that is) starts 50 yards from the hotel (MaoMing Road). For this reason and the very cheap price of the hotel it is certainly worth considering especially if you plan to be out exploring the city and not spending a lot of time at the hotel. The hotel is okay the rooms are clean but slightly worn out, ours had a few marks on the walls and the towels were a bit worse for wear etc but it passed my wife's bed linen and toilet inspection so it must have been clean. We had a large room with sofa and desk. The airconditioning was poor it was really just a fan system which was not great at night when the room became quite stuffy.The staff were okay but didn't speak great English. The breakfast was poor, to the point that on 3 of the 5 mornings we opted to go out to the excellent cafes just outside the hotel and pay for breakfast. I wouldn't worry too much about this as a good breakfast from the bakery across from the hotel can be had for a couple of pounds. The lobby is small and there are no amenities apart from a small business centre with cheap internet access.Overall the hotel is okay, but it has the advantage of being very cheap compared to most Shanghai hotels and has a wonderful location. Arrange transport in advance if arriving by train, as it is impossible to get a taxi and most car won't know the hotel or street.	
May 4 2009 	Stay here if its only a bed you want for the night	I booked a triple room and found two 1 1/2 size beds when we arrived so we requested another bed which we had done this in other hotels previously. As this bed took up too much space we asked for it to be removed and good job we did because it was at an additional cost but I was told this after 2 nights even though it was booked as a triple room! We were only informed of this because we were annoyed with the staff again because the room was booked as a triple including breakfast but we were only given breakfast vouchers for 2 people and told to pay extra if the third person wanted it! So be careful as you may book one thing but not get it and be charged extra for things without them informing you. Also the staff are not friendly or helpful and speak very little English and the restaurant waitresses speak no English at all!! The lobby constantly smelt like sewage for the 4 days I was there. The room was a good size though but the bathroom was the size of a small en-suite. The location is good very close to Nanjing Road. This hotel is good for someone who only wants a place to sleep and is not fussed about the service they get as it is not a very good one.	
Apr 25 2009 	OK place beware of some things	Great location (line 2 door 4) on nice walking street with plenty of shopping, clean, and room good value. Close to all the high end shoppes. However beware the following: The hotel is on master air condition system. You are only hot if the management says you are hot. The interior rooms (no windows) have no A/C and are extremely stuffy when A/C is off, quite uncomfortable. Also... breakfast included is quite lousy food, just greasy fatty stuff and overall poor quality, not worth eating in my opinion, even for free. For the $$ ((about 460 RMB) a great location and OK place, internet worked great and was included.	
Apr 24 2009 	If only the toilet flushed...	This hotel would get rave reviews from me and my husband if it wasnt for the toilet situation. Let me preempt that by saying that a working toilet is essential to us when we stay in a hotel - if that wasnt important, we would have just gone to a campsite.They put us in this &quot;matrimonial room&quot; and the toilet didnt flush. We stayed a total of 4 nights in the hotel and after the 2nd night, we asked to change rooms and they were able to give us a new room, which was great. The toilet in this room flushed slowly but it did its job but it did stop working on our last day there. But we were already leaving so we didnt bother complaining about it. They have issues with their plumbing for sure. This was in November 2008 so they might have fixed it by now.There were a lot of good things about this hotel. Breakfast was nice and hearty; we were a hop and a skip away from a subway stop and surrounded by little restaurants and mall and fast food places. The staff were pretty accomodating and friendly, and our hotel rate was pretty cheap - around 50 USD a night. So like I said, this would be a stellar hotel if it wasnt for the toilet.	
Mar 24 2009 	Good hotel but ask yourself what's more important--proximity to metro or comfortable bed?	POSITIVES: very convenient/close to MTR, nice location, cleanNEGATIVES: most excruciatingly uncomfortable and hard bed I have ever slept on, somewhat thin walls, slow internet accessBOTTOM LINE: good for 1 night stay if you are extremely tired, so close to public transport, and good fried dumplings near Yang's	
Oct 21 2008	Ruitai is a hem	Initially, I wanted to stay somewhere close to the Bund. I am so pleased that I didn't; the Bund is dirty and crawling with people.I booked the Ruitai because it was situated close to the West Nanjing metro stop on line 2 (it's just around the corner to the left), which is just two stops from the East Nanjing metro stop, the closest to the Bund, and one stop from People's Square, the main interchange for lines 1 and 8. From W Nanjing to E Nanjing costs 3 Yuan.The hotel is starting to show signs of age, scuffed furniture and slightly marked carpet; however, the rooms are large and very spacious (I booked a deluxe room for USD80 breakfast included). As is to be expected in Chinese hotels, the bed is firm plus but is super king sized. Staff are both friendly and helpful.The bathroom is fully equipped with toiletries and a shower over bath. There is also a small fridge in which to stash your food and drink. And on the subject of drink, if you're a wine drinker, Marks and Spencer have opened up a store on W Nanjing Road just around the corner from the Ruitai - walk out of the hotel, turn right into Taixing Rd and then right again into Nanjing Road, walk about 200m and there is M&amp;S. In the food department they have a small offering of well-priced wines. As for food, turn left out of the hotel and head to the end of the mall – Starbucks is one of the last stores on your left. Cross Shimen #1 Rd and continue down Wujiang Lu until you see on the left hand side the yellow sign of Yangs. There are two, go to the one furtherest away. Here you can get the best fried pork dumplings in all of Shanghai. Go to the cashier and tell her how many you want, pay then join the queue. As a guide, four are more than ample for dinner and at 4 Yuan total, that’s cheap eating.Shen’s Restaurant on the second level of the hotel is so so but cheap. If you don’t speak Mandarin, they will find an English speaking person to guide you through the menu. I had some kind of chicken hotpot with rice and a 500ml bottle of beer for 49Yuan. Downside, the chicken was laden with bones.All in all, great location and more than adequate lodgings.	
Apr 17 2008 	Wonderful and Convenient	We weren't too sure what to expect of the hotel based on the extremely cheap rate posted and some mixed reviews we read. However, we went in open minded and were extremely pleased with our experience. We arrived at the hotel after a long train ride from Beijing. After lugging our bags through the Shanghai train station and a couple minor detours, we found ourselves at the exit of the West Nanjing Road subway stop. There was some construction going on so it was a little difficult trying to figure out where the hotel was. Once we found a street sign we were on our way and about one short block later we were at the hotel.The staff was extremely friendly and spoke much more English than others we had encountered on our trip. We arrived at 8am (long before check-out) and the staff was more than willing to help us out. They checked us in in advance, let us eat breakfast in the hotel (it was included with the room) and stored our luggage while we explored the city. When we returned to the hotel that afternoon, we were told we could go to our room and it was MUCH nicer than anticipated.The king sized bed was probably one of the cleaner, more inviting beds I've ever seen in a hotel (at least in hotels within this price range) and the size of the room was pretty overwhelming. We had a huge TV, plenty of room to run around (not that we were running around) and a sitting area with a desk, chair, armchair AND ottoman! Another perk -- we opened the shades and realized we were in a corner room with a huge wall of windows! Granted, it wasn't the best view (who really enjoys a view of a city alley anyway), but it was something.The bathroom was immaculate and we had complimentary bottles of water and some nifty disposable slippers. Everything was clean and the staff was very prompt in their services. We called the front desk one day about laundry service and almost immediately after hanging up the phone, someone was at our door waiting to take the bag.One thing I found a bit odd...we left the room one night for about an hour around 6 or so to get food. We came back and the bed was made and our breakfast vouchers were on the nightstand. A bit creepy, but we weren't missing anything. The jury's still out on whether or not this was a good or bad thing. One thing I must add: each room has a little LED display outside that says whether or not you are in the room (you have to keep your key in a slot in order to power anything in the room). So maybe the staff was just being nice?	
Jul 28 2007 	Good location I would recommend it	I booked the Ruitai Jingan hotel because of its location: close to the city center (a 15 minute walk takes you to the People's Square and Shanghai Museum), and extremely close to a subway station (with very good connections to all destinations in Shanghai: I really recommend using the subway). I had the impression that I received good value for my money: a nice and large room, a clean hotel, and a staff that answered the (few) questions I had. Breakfast, which was included in the room price, was very good: a wide choice of (hot) items, a salad bar, and bread with marmelade was available. The only disadvantage I had was the location of my room (not a city view), but I didn't really mind that since I was only on my room to sleep.	
Jul 19 2007 	Very dated and tires	This hotel was part of a package sorted out by our toour operator as a part of an organised &quot;China Excursion&quot; package. This was by far the worst hotel I have stayed in for a very long time. The hotel is nice looking from the outside and when all said and done the rooms were large tidy &amp; comfortable (except for the mosquito's). The view over a stagnent river wasn't so hot. We had booked a &quot;superior&quot; room and were given a basic room because they were decorating the superior rooms. That I could have accepted but the staff didn't tell us we weren't getting what we booked. One of the reception staff demanded a deposit before we were even welcomed to the hotel and manners seem few and far between. Our representative who picked us up for a tour the following morning even said that this hotel was so far out they didn't normally pick people up there ..... in fact when we finally obtained a map from reception the hotel wasn't even on it. The buffet breakfast was ok but served in a &quot;ballroom&quot; that had seen better days. Down a sweeping staircase only to find that the carpet and table cloths were frayed. The service was so so when the staff could be bothered to stop chatting to each other and assist guests. The piped music in the halls that seemed to start at stupid o'clock was only ever the BeeGee's or Abba and I would liken this hotel to a 1970's throwback. The hotel information stated that there was a safety deposit box in every room .... this is NOT the case and you would have to use reception. The outside areas were tidy and clean but positionally it was too far away from &quot;anything&quot; to be a consideration for our next visit.The staff badly need some customer training and how to smile would be top of my wish list.	
Jun 2 2007 	Good location	Stayed for 3 nights in May 2007 at Ruitai Hotel in Shanghai. The location was excellent, just across the subway station and very close to the west part of Nanjing street. We payed 80 USD/ room/night including tax and breakfast.The room we got was very big and had a wonderful king sized bed. Large windows, nice furniture and complimentary mineral water daily.Just two minuses: the first one - opposite the hotel there was a huge building in construction and it was pretty noisy from 6 AM to 7 PM and the second one - toilet was broken, having water running on the bathroom floor. As long as we stayed there it was not repaired, the cleaning lady just putting a towel to absorb the water.Breakfast was ok, having both Chinese and western food. Reception staff speaks English.As the second minus was just our bad luck, I recommend the hotel to anyone who is looking for a nice location in the centre. You can get easily to/from Pudong airport there using the Maglev train and then the subway no. 2 (West Nanjing / Shimen Rd station).	
Apr 24 2007 	Great location great hotel	Great hotel in a very handy location in the city centre - right next to Metro station and so very easy to get about to all the sights. Room was amazing - huge with big bed - and very good value, we paid about £38 per night for the room. Breakfast was included in the tarif and there was a good selection of both Chinese and Western food. Staff were friendly and helpful.	
Feb 22 2007 	Good location but I expect more from a Ritz Carlton	I chose this hotel because I like Ritz Carltons, and to be near my business travel appointment.The room was fine enough - spacious with traditional/Asian furnishing, excellent housekeeping, etc. that you expect from a Ritz.. I get a little annoyed when a hotel at this price charges for internet access.I usually look forward to at least one meal in the Dining Room signature restaurant whenever I stay at a RC, but this one was a disappointment. The food was good enough, but my experiences at other RC's were more impressive. At these prices, I'd like to be impressed, not just satisfied.The public rooms are fine enough, but felt a little more corporate and austere than I prefer.The take-away: there's not much to complain about, but I'd prefer staying at the nearby Pudong Shangri-La. The guest rooms are a little nicer at the Ritz, but I prefer the ambiance of the Shangri-La and will return there on my upcoming visit back to Shanghai.	
Feb 6 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised - central and convenient	We were looking for a hotel to stay in that was conveniently located near a subway station, as our plan was to head to Pudong Airport by train in the morning. Upon check-in, we were upgraded to a higher class room than our reservation was originally made for. This was a pleasant surprise. Our room was wonderful and clean, large with huge windows that overlooked Nanjing Lu (though somewhat noisy, yet typical for this area). The rooms had complimentary water, free wired internet access, and you received a free hot breakfast (generally a combination of Chinese and western fare). Staff even spoke English (though limited) which was great.Outside, you don't have to walk more than a block to get to the subway station on the #2 line. This is one stop west of the People's Park Station. You will find many food/drink options from Starbucks to local street fare in the shopping alley outside the hotel. Fun shopping in these alleyways! Plus, Nanjing Lu is just outside the hotel, and you have all of your more upscale shops along this road, if that's what you prefer. The Portman is only about 2 blocks away. I suppose we had such a pleasant experience because we were not expecting much, and received much more than we anticiapted. Regardless, this hotel was a great find for the location, and we are definitely returning in the future.	
Dec 9 2006 	A great hotel	Stayed for 7 nights - hotel is in great location on the No 2 subway line (Shi Men Rd stop (now known as West Nanjing) is only two minutes walk away)Street market from 1400-2100 in the mall outside the hotel.Had a room on level 7 (11 floors) - king size bed - nice and firm.Shampoo, soap, bath foam, tooth brushes &amp; bottled water provided - and replaced each day.Ate breakfast in the hotel each morning - full buffet with plenty of choice.Used internet service which is situated on level 11 - 5 RBM for 15 mins.Currency exchange at front desk - same rate as at bank. But be aware that no exchange is offered on Sunday.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellente suprise!		
Jul 13 2009 	???		
May 4 2009 	Es mejor dormir en el suelo que en la cama		
