	Excellent experience	We thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. My partner and I spent 8 nights there on vacation after a planned business trip was cancelled. We'd stay there again for either reason. The location is excellent -- 2 blocks from the Jing'An Temple metro station, in walking distance of People's Square, the French Concession and other tourist sites, and a short taxi ride to most of the places tourists go.We found our room at an amazingly low price for a Ritz -- easily less than half of what I'd expect to pay in the US and elswhere, so we were willing on arrival to upgrade to the Executinve Club level. It was worth it. This gave us 24 hour access to very helpful staff, snacks and drinks, and free business services, including internet access, plus breakfast in the morning and happy hour in the evenings. I'd highly recommend the splurge, especially since there is a charge for internet in the rooms.The rooms were up to luxury hotel standards in every way and offered good views of the city. Some on this site have described the hotel as &quot;cold,&quot; and I guess it's in the eye of the beholder. (I'm sure my mother would agree.) I found the hotel to be elegant and beautiful.The hotel is part of complex with 2 resiodentail towers for expats and a small shopping center. It was a bit too much like home for my taste (Tony Roma's, California Pizza Kitchen), but I have to admit I liked having a supermarket selling western items there, and I did go to the Starbucks. There are actually restuaurants there for many tastes, and I ate at a very good Chinese restaurant that seemed to attarct locals as well as foreigners.My only concerns -- service was inconsistent regarding the little things, like turn down, and newspaper delivery, which always occurred, but differently each day. The concierege desk could best be described as unengaged -- one sentence anwers, quick recommendations rather than asking a few questions to find out what might be best for the custormer, that sort of thing. All in all though, this was a very nice place to stay.	
Oct 31 2009 	5 stars hotel	Excellent for everything, room is big and clean. However, internet is charged at RMB 120 / day, seems a routine for most of China hotels. Close to Plaza 66 and located at busiest street. The buffet breafast is good with many choices.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great location terrible internet not bad for only 80€ a night	The best thing about this hotel is its location &amp; the amount of useful services just outside the front door of the hotel in its own shopping complex - several restaurants, a nice massage place, a pharmacy, Starbucks, supermarket. This was great for business execs like me always in a hurry. The rooms were pretty standard, it was actually my first time to stay in a RitzC &amp; I was underimpressed. The Meredien and JW Marriott on Nanjing East road are nicer, but not in such a good location.Both myself and my co-worker had problems with the cleanliness of the room when checking in. I was totally suprised at the cheap rate on the internet - less than half the price of the Meridien 800 RMB including the buffet breakfast.The worst was the internet access that only worked about half the time and even then was abnormally slow. Staff tried to pass this off on the government blocking of sites, but I used access in the airport lounge on departure &amp; had no problem there.Hard to say if I will stay there again on my next trip to SH - the internet problem really got on my nerves.	
Oct 17 2009 	What Age ?	Ok, there are little tell-tale signs of age (like the design of the lift lobby &amp; the architecture) but the Ritz always live up to her reputation. Great maintenance and good service. It is centrally and even have a train station (Line 2, Nanjing West station) when you want to beat the gridlock of Shanghai traffic. LobbyThe position of the reception is a little awkward. You have to go through the main entrance, past the lift lobby (to the rooms) and turn right. You have to FIND the reception for check-in.Rooms*Very Spacious in both bedroom and bathroom*Flat Screen TV*5-star toiletries amenities*Very plush mattressBreakfastIt has a good western and oriental spread at Tables.I would absolutely stay here again !	
Sep 25 2009 	Close to perfection	We very much enjoyed our three nights in the Ritz-Carlton, built in the late 1990s and almost venerable by local standards. If you don’t have business in Pudong, the location on West Nanjing Road is good, opposite the 1950s Soviet-style Exhibition Hall and a short taxi ride from Renmin Square. We had an excellent view SW over the French Concession. The hotel is at the centre of an upmarket apartment/office complex and shopping mall and has all the amenities of a five star plus establishment.Our Club room and bathroom were spacious and elegantly furnished and we liked the slightly retro decor in the hotel generally.In-room internet service is pay-as-you go, an irritant, but there is free access in the Club.Service in the Club and elsewhere was impeccable and we had an excellent dinner in Palladio, the hotel’s Italian restaurant. The airport arrival and departure service is expensive but greatly eases the experience.This is one of the best hotels of its type we have stayed in, anywhere, and we strongly recommend it.	
Sep 23 2009 	A very good hotel with exceptionally good service	I have just returned from 5 days in Shanghai whilst staying at the Ritz Carlton.The hotel is in a fairly central location with a good selection of shops, restaurants and bars encircling it's entrance with further more bars and restaurants within 2 minutes walk.As you would expect from a hotel of this standard the facilities are great and the fixtures and fittings still look like new even though the hotel was refitted a couple of years ago.I stayed in the Club Level section of the hotel, slightly more expensive than the normal rooms but with the addition of Club Lounge facilities which includes business facilities as well as 6 separate dining options throughout a 24 hour period, coupled with unlimited beverages of alcoholic and the non variety throughout your stay in the Club Lounge.The service was faultless with the personal touch of even remembering your name (with all those guests names to remember I was amazed).The rooms I thought were clean and comfortable but nothing outstanding for the money paid.Drinks were about average for a 5* hotel as was room service, but if you took advantage of the club room you can save yourself a fortune but would miss out the nightlife.All in all a quality hotel which I would use again but not before I try out a couple of others I visited whilst in Shanghai.	
Sep 16 2009 	Excellent Business Hotel with Ideal Location	I stayed at the Portman with my wife for 5 nights in September. The location of this hotel is near perfect. It is two blocks from the Jing'An Temple subway station, there are plenty of taxis outside, and it's central location means it is relatively close to most neighborhoods. The latter point is important to us because Shanghai is in a constant state of traffic gridlock. Yes, there are better and newer hotels on the Pudong side, but they are not as convenient to shops, restaurants and nightlife. There is also a small market beneath the hotel that sells western food and drinks that caters to the expat population living in the two service-apartment buildings which sandwich the Portman.The room is spacious, with a flat-screen tv and a good-size bathroom, with a separate glass-enclosed shower. Our rate includes internet and breakfast, but I agree with other reviewers that the internet, if paid separately, is expensive, not to mention very slow. The breakfast has good western and asian selections. Service is sporadic. One day we were offered tea and coffee (ordered from the waitstaff but included in the buffet) and another day no one asked if we wanted them. Like most Chinese service, you just have to be pro-active and flag down the waitstaff if you want something.Overall, the experience was great, a wonderful business hotel in a central location.	
Sep 9 2009 	Comfortable but Cold	This was the last stop of a 2 week trip to China and the most pricey hotel we booked (also stayed at Regent in Beijing, Sheraton in Guilin and Yangshuo Mountain Retreat). We received a terrific rate using Agoda that we accessed via TripAdvisor's comparison pricing that was significantly less than the quoted rate on Expedia, Orbitz or others for a deluxe room with breakfast included. Only problem was that the hotel had no record of the prepaid reservation when we arrived and spent several (about 15-20) minutes looking for the record of the reservation despite our copy and then finally agreed that we were entitled to a room there. The room was large with excellent toiletries in the bathroom and had a lovely separate glass shower and deep soaking bathtub. Buffet breakfast was huge and included Chinese, Western and Japanese specialties , though the tea and coffee service was slow and servers often had to be searched for. The entire &quot;feel&quot; of the hotel was cold and impersonal. In addition, there was a substantial daily internet charge that seemed inappropriate for a hotel that is so expensive to begin with and the cost in the Business Center was ever higher. The location of the hotel was terrific--close to the subway and there was easy access to inexpensive taxicabs as well. This hotel was clearly elegant but had a generally &quot;cold&quot; and not charming feel to it. I prefer charm.	
Aug 24 2009 	It is very perfect hotel.	I think there is perfect food and services there.And the I like the envirenment there.	
Aug 23 2009 	Very good business hotel	I stayed at this hotel for my first trip in Shanghai on business. The hotel upgraded me and my colleagues to a club room. The room was very spacious, nicely furnished and had a nice big bathroom. The service at the hotel was very good, and the staff were friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel is fantastic (Nanjing Road West, near Plaza 66) - lots of shops and restaurants in the vicinity. If you wish to venture to other areas of the city this can easily be done via taxi which is very cheap in Shanghai.	
Aug 20 2009 	Excellent food excellent service!	Every thing is good! I felt very comfortable in there.	
Jun 26 2009	Lub It	This hotel has been around for a while, and even though the exterior is charmless, I was very happy with the newly renovated rooms. I still like it for its location, service, and also very importantly, its been around for so long that taxi drivers will definitely know how to get you there. With almost any other destination, you literally have to guide the taxi driver on a street-by-street basis to your destination.	
Jun 23 2009 	Where everybody knows your name	The Ritz Carlton hotels just exemplify great service. I have stayed for business twice now at this hotel and the reception is always amazing. There is a staff member waiting to pick you up at the airport and then when you arrive they are waiting and take you directly to your room to check in (no front desk waiting). This is so welcome after a very long flight. Through out the week I was also greeted repeatedly in the lobby by staff and by name many times. The staff is so available for a quick question or help.The rooms are impeccable, and the bathrooms are always lovely. Amazing large tub and shower. The beds are very comfortable and wonderful flat screen t.v.'s. The gym was very nice and had a lot of equipment available. I never had an issue finding a machine to work out on. Food and restaurants are great. The hotel has a great buffet breakfast. In the Portman plaza there are also some other great places where you can get some western food. I'd recommend Element Fresh! You can also shop many malls in walking distance. Its a great area, a lot of business and expats here.	
Jun 22 2009 	Doesn't quite live up to expectations	I've stayed at the Portman Ritz Carlton before while visiting Shanghai and had the opportunity to stay there again this month after a break of about 6 years.While there's been a distinct improvement in the rooms, there's been a distinct drop in the service levels.At check in, the staff attempted to shoe horn me into a twin room even though a king bed had been booked and confirmed under the guise that the hotel was 'completely full'. Twenty minutes later, a room with a king bed had magically become available.The room itself was very pleasant. Good furnishings. Great bath with an waterproof pillow attached to the top. The shower had a good range of temperature and pressure.Food options were limited but there are a couple of international outlets like California Pizza Kitchen right outside the hotel.Breakfast is currently served at the Tables restaurant and the restaurant has to be accessed from outside the hotel due to renovations in progress. The breakfast selection is standard with nothing particularly to pique the curiosity.The airport transfer is very expensive and I wish cheaper but equally convenient options were available.In all, a decent hotel but completely lacking in the service one would expect from a Ritz Carlton.	
May 10 2009 	High quality business hotel	Use this hotel regularly as it is located near my office. High standards of staff service, rooms good size, and usual business services available. secure. Near restaurants of various styles and price levels, convenient for business district. Drive from or to Pudong airport can he hair raising.	
May 8 2009 	partially renovated hotel is full of amenities but showing its age	Service is typical of China, which is not that great compared with other Asian countries where hotel service is among the best in the world. Restaurant food is ok, but not great. The complex has everything, including a starbucks, HSBC, Paul's French bakery/ restaurant, pool, etc. However, with all the new hotels in the major Chinese cities, this one is starting to lag (though at one point in time, this hotel set the standard in Shanghai). Hotel is +/- 20 years old, and has been thru 1-2 renovations already. However, some parts are still looking old, such as the hallways with brown/rust colored carpet and out of date furniture. Location seems a bit out of the way from the new center of town, which seems to be closer to the Huangpu river.	
May 7 2009 	Finally Renovated but I didn't like the decor	Pros- Great Location- Great public areas- Rooms were finally renovated- Still the best breakfastCons- Hate the new colors- Service is nice, but nothing spectacularI've stayed here several times over the years for work. So I've seen its many sides throughout the years. The hotel was recently renovated and that's the good news. The bad news is the new coloring was not as nice as it was 6-7 years ago. The brownish room coloring gives it an old feeling and made me feel as if I was 75 yrs old. Bathrooms were impressively updated with full marble and glass and that's a good thing. In fact, the brown-colored bathroom themed seemed to match the room decoration. That may have been why I didn't feel fully comfortable sleeping in the rooms.Good news is the public areas are still spectacular. All these years, the public areas were always immaculately clean. The restaurants, while nice, are overpriced. Buffet meals were excellent (still on of the best buffet breakfasts in Shanghai) and the dinner buffet is more geared for the western business travelers. The location is great as it's on Nanjing road, yet not located in the heavily congested parts of East Nanjing Road. Service was good, yet slow. Check-in process had some language barriers (us Americans speak a bit too fast sometimes) but no major problems. Food service in restaurants was good as well, even though it was only for the buffet services. Note, RC Portman is expensive, as you would expect for its brand. So not a great value, especially compared to the Le Royal Meridien. I think both hotels are equal and the preferences are largely dependant on preferences. Le Royal Meridien is newer but the hardware does seen a bit too modern for my tastes. I do prefer RC Portman's location because driving here isn't as bad as trying to get to Le Royal Meridien's prime Nanjing location in downtown Shanghai.	
May 7 2009 	Comfortable Puxi-side luxury hotel in a calm(er) part of town	Overall, this hotel offers a luxurious experience at a competitive price. While the property is compact, it still manages to have almost everything a business or pleasure traveller would want. While some might argue that you won't get a true local flavor by staying here, the relative calm and order of this property will quickly make up for it. Finally, for first-timers who don't mind spending a little more, the limo service is the smart way to go for getting in/out of the airport. Some points that I hope are useful:-Streets / sidewalks aren't as congested as other parts of town-Standard rooms have plenty of space for two with lots of hidden treats strewn about. Lots of closet space and drawers for long-term stays. Even with the discount rate, we were able to score a 29th floor room.-If you expect to rely on public transportation, this area might disappoint. There are indeed a couple subway stations within walking distance, but the hotel itself is just far enough that taking a taxi will almost always be the better option.-If you intend on walking, factor in about 40 mins to get to People's Square (with a couple hair-raising road crossings on the way). -A lot of expats reside in the area, which could be good or bad; it also means many chain-store options: the downstairs Starbucks is definitely convenient, but the high-end boutiques within and around the hotel (along with their prices) aren't any different than those you'd find in other international cities.-Check-in/out is a quick and orderly experience; while you might experience some line cutting, just be assertive and your time won't be wasted.On a personal note, this was my first trip to Shanghai and I opted for this hotel over the Radisson New World. I noticed that the prices were just about the same and were both in the part of town I wanted to stay in (i.e. Puxi side / Nanjing Road). My main concern had been the lack of transportation options, but I found Shanghai taxis to be quick and efficient (as long as you have your directions written in Chinese ready), and I never felt like I was being cheated.	
Apr 15 2009 	Lovely hotel right on Nanjing Road	Since being renovated, hotel rooms are very nice. They are spacious, with a fabulous bathroom. We stayed on the Club Floor. The lounge was great, with wonderful views. Food was tasty in lounge and in Cafe.	
Apr 10 2009 	A piece of home in Shanghai!	I stayed at the Portman while on business with a large group. The Portman was extremely comfortable, as you would expect from a Ritz Carlton. The beds gave us great sleep after long days! The rooms and bathrooms are extremely large which is always nice. The hotel itself is in a Western business park with everything from Starbucks to California Pizza Kitchen. After traveling in Asia for 2 weeks, we did succumb to CPK one night, and it was nice to have that American option. The hotel was in a great location- we never waited more than a few minutes for a taxi, and there is no reason not to take a taxi when they are dirt cheap! The breakfast is incredible, it was included in our room rate and there was an incredible selection of food- American and Chinese. Room service was also very good. The only complaint that I would have is that our power went out numerous times. We had a faulty hair dryer- even if it was not on, it would blow a fuse if you opened the drawer it was in. They were pretty good about sending an engineer up quickly, but after the 5th time it was getting pretty frustrating. I was constantly in and out for meetings, so there was no time to change rooms, although they never gave us that option. If I was to go back to Shanghai I would definitely consider staying here again. You don't get a very authentic Chinese experience, but that was OK for me on this trip. Shanghai was wonderful- the city is incredible and I would love to go back.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great atmosphere with an incredible energy and buzz throughout the hotel.	Lobby Lounge has great teas, perfect for the afternoon. Great atmosphere. Comfortable. A new favorite place for afternoon tea. Would definitely recommend friends!	
Mar 25 2009 	great hotel!!!!	I visit Shanghai 3-4 times a year and try to always stay at this hotel. great location close to shopping and bar/restaurant areasnice sized rooms and very well kept hotel in general. The gym is also above average. service is attentive and very helpful, they could do something about the internet service which can be slow and there is no wireless	
Feb 26 2009 	Very good hotel	The hotel is quite old for Shanghai but I think the rooms must have been redecorated very recently. They're very good. Big bathroom, LCD TV and DVD. There's a shopping center outside with a western supermarket, Starbucks and that sort of thing.I've stayed here a few times. I don't mind staying again.	
Jan 13 2009	Very Nice	Very nice-truly first class...loved the western food available in the same location (good for first time visitors). Excellent service and very helpful. Not for folks who want real local color-all upscale places nearby-but fun to see. Great for the price.	
Jan 5 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	The hotel does not disappoint, although compared to the new Beijing Ritz the room is smaller and pricier. However it is still up to the Ritz standard. Professional staff, large clean room with nice amenities. Very helpful front desk and concierge service. I did not dine at the hotel restaurants. Within walking distance there are plenty of nice restaurants, likely with much more reasonable price tabs.	
Jan 2 2009 	Brilliant. Great Place	I stayed at the Portman on business. It compares favorably with the other hotel in Shanghai that I have stayed in (Hilton). Very large rooms and quite reasonably priced due to our company deal with them. Excellent location in Nanjing Road. Very nice bar to enjoy live music and drinks. Not so sure about the restaurants. can get better value elsewhere. Th Chinese restaurant is too fancy but rubbish in terms of food quality. I didnt try to Japanese place.Good swimming pool. But it was deserted.	
Dec 8 2008 	Nice and comfortable hotel	Stayed at the Portman a few days ago for a friends wedding. Had high expectations of the hotel as its a ritz, the hotel met all my expectations. The room was a good size, bed was comfortable. Check in was fast and efficient even though they spelt my name wrong so it took longer to find my reservation. Room service was fast and the food was good. The Japanese restaurant however was not good and very pricey for shanghai standards. would not reccomend it. Location is decent, lots of very high end shops in plaza 66 which is right next door. Overall the hotel was above average for the hotels Ive stayed in shanghai.	
Nov 29 2008 	Top choice in Shanghai	Was in Shanghai end of October for an exhibition, and stayed at Ritz...the rooms are really nice, and over-all excellent service.I have taken a few photos of the rooms for everyone to see. The room I booked was I think around 50m2.The Jazz bar is quite good if you want to wind down and stay in for the night.Only downside is the elevators, as it is always a huge fight to get in during mornings and around dinner time...the hotel should really do something about this, as most Mainlanders don't know the concept of lining up!	
Nov 26 2008 	brand new!	Brand new! Yes, The Portman has just completed it 's much awaited renovation. I did of course called the hotel to make sure that it's true before booking a room there - last thing I want to hear is the never-ending drilling and hammering. I have always preferred to stay here as the location is central and usually takes me less than 20 minutes to get anywhere and everywhere in Puxi area. But avoided the hotel during the early months this year because of the renovation. Rooms are nice and the club lounge area is super spacious! Love it!!! Oh - they also bombed their previous coffee house and transformed it to a nice contemporary all-day dining.	
Nov 1 2008 	The best hotel in Shanghai	After staying 4 days in the &quot;Pennysula hotel&quot; in Beijing, we were very happy to be in Portman where was/is/will be a true five star hotel both in price and in service. The room was lovely with all the good quality amenities. The service was better than excellent. We were at the executive club floor, the staff were extremely helpful and attentive, I went there the last day to tip Simon Wang who was extremely helpful and friendly, but he was not there unfortunately. We ate at the Chinese Restaurant, which is excellent as usual. Good taste, good portion and reasonable price. The Italian restaurant however is another story. It's excellent as usual, but the price? Put in this way, you need a small mortgage to eat there.Generally speaking, we had a much better time in Shanghai than Beijing. Portman has always been our favourite hotel since our first stay in 1998. Good location, good service and good food.	
Aug 1 2008 	Brand new hotel with good location	After remodling, the room is great &amp; the location of the Ritz Carlton could not be better.Service is phenomenal.	
Jul 30 2008 	Not as great as expected	Before my trip i was excited to stay in a Ritz Carlton, and my expectation was way too high! However on arrival i was disappointedThe lobby was very average, the room was below average with not much of real luxury as we get in Indian 5 star hotelsService was good, with the staff being responsiveOver all i would not recomend the hotel	
May 2 2008 	Love the check in - love the Club	I just think this place is the greatest! I had booked a Club room and a sedan from the airport. As I walk out of Customs, I am greeted by the usual smiling airport representative, who this time informed me that if I so desired he would complete my check in process while we waited for the car to come around!! What a great set-up!!! Mind you the car is alsways there in few minutes, but now; instead of just standing around waiting I could get all my check in process completed. When inquiring if this was a new Club service he said &quot;Not at all, just an additional service, so you can enjoy your time in Shangha more&quot; I was floored! When is Ritz opening an airline????	
Apr 30 2008 	A little out of the way but a great comfortable room!	I was prepared based on reviews here that the hotel was a little out of the way and it was. The hotel described it as a 5 min. walk from the Line 2 W. Nanjing station but with big luggage in tow and sore feet it was more like 10-15 min. It was very easy to find, though! Based on later taxi rides I definintely would have taken a &lt;$2 cab ride from the subway station to the hotel. We arrived from the rail station around 9am with crossed fingers that they'd let us check-in and it wasn't even mentioned - we were given a fantastic room with a great view of the Shanghai Exposition Center across the street. The bed was ridulously comfortable and the room was well appointed with nice decor and a large flat-panel tv with multiple English channels. The bathroom was decked to the nines and was designed very cool and trendy. Within moments of getting to our room our tickets to the Shanghai Acrobats were delivered. We were delighted to find out the acrobat theatre was on level 4 of the hotel - we had no idea before checking in! A Starbuck's, California Pizza Kitchen, Tony Romo's, pharmacy and grocery store are all located in the Shanghai Centre complex and all in all the hotel is not too far of a walk from the busier area of Nanjing, Yu Yuan Gardens or Jade Buddha Temple. There is a dim sum restaurant across the street named Bi Feng Leng (or something similar) that was a great treat - ask for an English menu! Concierge was very helpful, it was easy to catch a cab and overall I truly enjoyed my stay.	
Apr 22 2008 	Love Portman Ritz	Just came back from Portman Ritz Carlton. I love the hotel. The renovated room is splendid and abundant ammenities are available. Service is excellent, the concierge is very helpful in helping you to find the places that you are looking for. Location is at nanjing xi lu which is in the location for upscale designer brand malls-- excellent location to the metro line 2 which is 2 blocks away from the hotel. One downside of the hotel: it is still undergoing renovation work in some floors so expect to hear drilling sound as early as 7:30am. But overall this is the hotel with splendid room, excellent location and outstanding service. I will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 29 2008 	Good service; updated rooms are nice	This is my second stay at the Portman Ritz-Carlton in Shanghai. Service was top-notched during both of my stays. During the most recent stay, I was in one of the newly updated rooms. Very nice, indeed. The hotel definitely needed the upgrades. I was satisfied for the value of the hotel.Also, during my stay, I was not feeling very well. During breakfast I asked the server if there was a pharmacy nearby. I was pleasantly surprised when later that day there was a &quot;get-well&quot; card from the hotel staff in my room. Nice touch! By the way, the hotel is located in an area which caters to ex-pats. There is a pharmacy there, and a medical clinic next to it.The overall location is convenient to shops and restaurants, albeit a little pricey given the prime location.	
Mar 24 2008 	Nice hotel - bad service	Stayed 2 weeks in this hotel. The location of this hotel is very good: In the center of Shanghai on Nanjing W rd, the hotel includes all kind of facilities from a Starbuck to a very good swimming pool. I had to deal with 3 issues that make me think that this hotel is a bad choice:- Value for money is not there: 380 RMB for breakfast (50USD). Room rate 1300 RMB (for a simple room).- Personal in the lobby is unfriendly and glance at you - No security, anybody can use the lift and reach your room. This is an issue if you consider that you can enter the hotel from 3 sides.There are plenty of alternative in Shanghai offering the same and more for a lower rate.	
Mar 2 2008	average hotel	i stayed first time in this hotel more than 10 years back from those days till now shanghai has had an amazing development and this property didntnow is an average hotel with maybe a great entrance for the same price you have much better options in pudong and puxi also i dislike location restaurants downstairs are not an option and there is not really good options walking distance other than bi feng tang	
Jan 30 2008 	Not so impressed with this hotel	Stayed in the Ritz-Carlton for the weekend in Shanghai. Note that they are renovating the rooms, club lounge, the all-day restaurant and the ground floor outside, so there is noise both from the top and bottom of the hotel.Most rooms have however now supposedly been renovated, which means a 'larger bathroom' and a flatscreen TV.On the surface all seems fine, but there are niggles that make me wonder about this hotel. First they charge for internet, up to 96 RMB per night. I plugged in my Mac and it didn't work, so I ring the business centre, and they say that &quot;our network doesn't work with Apple computers&quot;. In fact at the end I had the 'duty manager' and a business centre woman with breath that could have killed small children in my room, and I fixed it myself with entering the data myself into the network settings.Breakfast was the budget of a small African country, so I went to Starbucks round the corner - where there is also a HSBC and a very nice little supermarket full of imported goods. I left the shopping in my room because it was being cleaned. When I came back the shopping was gone, and it took hours to be returned, with no explanation or apology.The standard room is very small, but reasonably well fitted out. but again, a mistake - they put in a DVD player, but it plays Chinese DVDs only. And the TV is stuck to the wall, so I could not plug in my computer.Not sure whether I would stay here again, it was a long walk to the metro, and surrounded by shopping centres rather than anything touristic.	
Jan 11 2008 	Newly Reno Rooms Perfect	I arrived here Jan.3 and stayed for 2 nights. I was treated royally and given one of the newly renovated king rooms. It was impeccable. I have stayed at several Ritz hotels in United States and this one superceded the rest in all respects. The swimming pool is long for good length swims. The health club amenities are first class in every respect. The room service was second to none the most rapid I had anywhere in the world. When I asked for help with their internet connection I barely hung up the phone and a very well spoken English speaking Chinese duty manager was at my service. I stayed one night on the 18th floor and the other night on the 20th floor. The bathrooms were comparable to the suites at the Bellagio and the fine details like the Wall Street Journal being delivered in an exquisitely woven bag was impressive. A very big bowl of fresh fruit was in the rooms both nights with two bottles of well needed water. I found every attention to detail in the room and the hotel excellent. The American ones should take a lesson from what is presented here. As I found with traveling worldwide you are best to eat local foods and stay away from the American attempts. I did try a deluxe hamburger one night and found it was as bad as the one I once had at the Hilton in Amsterdam so it was again not a wise choice. Oriental influenced fish, chicken, and pork dishes were finely presented in the Tea Garden. While I have had better food in some 5 star hotels I really had no complaints with the traditional Chinese foods cooked and served here.	
Dec 30 2007 	There's better...	Good luxury hotel where you can meet executives or 'famous' people. But it's not really central (need to walk a few blocks or take a cab to be in the city's shopping and restaurants areas). A much better place to stay is the central New Jin Jiang Tower hotel in the French Concession district (not to mix with the older Jin Jiang Tower) which became my favorite hotel after 4 trips in Shanghai.	
Sep 28 2007 	Not worth the money	The hotel is very well located and offers quite a bit of shopping within walking distance but fails to meet the expectations that come with the prices they charge.PROSGreat location and friendly staff. CONSThe rooms decor is older and needs updating. The TVs and other equipment in the rooms is also in need of some serious investment. If you have the option, skip the $40 buffet breakfast and talk a walk outside. Not only is the breakfast $38 to $40 including service but its not very good.I was very surprised that a Ritz-Carlton hotel that had 3-4 security personel in the lobby at all times allowed prostitution to be openly sold on their lobby and second floor bars. After 10-11 PM or so, prostitues (at least were high class) could be seen hanging around the lounge, bar and elevators.Overall, I wouldn't recommend it based on the cost and inability to meet the standards it sets with those prices.	
Sep 28 2007 	Good somewhat indifferent experience	I first stayed at the Portman back in 1992 when it was still a Shangri-La property. It was later acquired by the Ritz Carlton chain,and I have stayed a half-dozen times over the last two or three years, including the last couple of days. In 1992 it was state-of-the-art, and the pride of Shanghai. With a veritable explosion of five-star properties in recent years the Portman is finding it tougher to keep up.The lobby is magnificent in that it gleams with the quality of a Ritz combined with a bit of Far East mystery. The bar area is attractive and comfortable, and though cab lines are often long, the front entry is unique and its own mini-city.The rooms range from decent to good, but are a bit outdated in several respects, ie, telephones are from the early 1990's and sufferclarity problems, some rooms have old shower/tub combo units that aremore Marriott that Ritz, other rooms have coffee makers and the like.Or not. Go figure. None of this variation is rate-related, mind you.Th interesting thing about the Ritz chain is that, while I am a frequent guest at several around the globe, if I have a pet peeve it is usually that they are all too similar, devoid of local content. While you can generally rely on high quality surroundings (some a little dusty perhaps), they have a tendency to be a bit boring in their 'sameness'. In the Portman's case, I find the opposite to be true: a unique property with local flavor, but lacking the standards - and even guest attentiveness - of a typical Ritz. Stay at a Ritz in many locales more than once and you are greeted with a hearty &quot;welcome back!&quot;. At the Portman they struggle to find your reservation, are a bit indifferent, and overall perfunctory in attitude. They have no clue whether you have been there before, and often do not scan down the screen far enough to find special request info without you having to point it out. I will say the wait-staff and the room service staff are solid.Overall, I like the property, but I am sampling others (I go to Shanghai four times a year). On my last trip I hit the Four Seasons.Pretty good!	
Sep 14 2007 	Luxury Service Standard Room	I stayed here for 7 nights in room 4407. The location of the Portman RC makes it very convenient to the United Plaza and Plaza 66 office buildings in Puxi. There are also a lot of shops and restaurants in this area so nothing to complain about the location. The service was very good, which I suppose is to be expected as it is a Ritz-Carlton hotel. The staff address you by name most of the time, always helpful, etc. My room was on a high floor (the 44th of 45) and was very nice, but showing its age. Apparently some rooms (called &quot;Shanghai rooms&quot;) have been remodeled with larger bathrooms and plasma TV's. My room was not in this category and I don't know how they determine who gets one and who doesn't as I was never offered a choice and didn't learn about this until after reading about it later. The TV was very small and the bathroom of average size without a separate shower like many luxury properties have these days. Still the room was very nice in general. I would say my only point of dissatisfaction was the prices charged for laundry and the minibar. Usually doing your laundry at a hotel, even a good one, in Shanghai is relatively inexpensive but the Portman RC charges prices comparable to hotels Tokyo. A shirt costs around $7. A coke from the minbar around $5. I don't like hotels, especially ones that are supposed to offer the highest levels of service, to charge high prices for these kind of little extras. The room rate, which I know in advance and agree to before arrival, should reflect the level of the hotel and they shouldn't try to gouge you for the little things after arrival. Still the Portman RC remains a good choice for people having business in the Puxi side of Shanghai. Not sure I would stay here again if it wasn't so convenient for my business.	
Aug 19 2007 	Pretty Good but could be better	I have stayed at numerous RC properties around the world. This one has the type of service expected, but nothing that goes out of the way to be beyond your expectations. We stayed Club Level for 4 nights, and found the food to be somewhat repetitive. The staff was very helpful with directions for taxi, but did not have great information for trips outside of Shanghai. The hotel is in a really good location, with easy access to the Bund by train (5-8 min) or taxi (15 min). Also, really good shopping within walking distance.	
Jul 4 2007 	Wonderful Service	My daughter and I spent about a week at the Portman Ritz in early June and returned for several days in late June. We had a Club Level room with access to the Lounge on the 43rd Floor.If you don't need to be near Pudong for specific business reasons, the location of the Portman Ritz is fine. There is shopping nearby, you can walk (20 minutes) to the French Concession or the museums in People's Square. It is a cab ride to the restaurant district on the Bund, or Xintandi or Taiking Lu or LuLuan gardens but cabs are cheap if slow in rush hour traffic. For informal light meals, there is a charming Chinese sidewalk restaurant right across Nanjing Road from the Ritz and also an Element Fresh (Swiss chain) right next to the hotel. There are subway stations about 3 blocks in either direction from the hotel. and the subway in Shanghai is very doable, the best way to get to Pudong as well as to connect to the MagLev (high speed train) for the trip to Pudong Airport. I cannot say enough good things about the staff at the Club Lounge. They were unfailingly helpful with all sorts of things....restaurant reservations, airplane reservations, reservations at other (non Ritz) hotels in other cities, a credit card problem...no request or problem is beyond their scope of work. They greet you by name and remember you when you return. I would say they are about the best-trained hotel staff I have ever encountered. Our double room was fine, recently renovated and decently equipped. Don't be put off by the unappealing entrance court of the hotel complex, but do be careful where you walk as the drop-off area is chaos for pedestrians. The breakfast and other snack food in the Club Lounge was excellent. The room service was very good as well. One night we ordered our late night supper to be brought up to the Club Lounge which is open and staffed 24 hours with a computer station, wireless internet, and a bottomless supply of Perrier. The health club was very good with plenty of up to date equipment. The indoor-outdoor pool is not resort-like, but pretty nice for an urban hotel. When we went on to the Peninsula in Beijing a couple of weeks later, we realized how the Portman Ritz had spoiled us. The Club Level Lounge at the Penisula closed at 11 and shut off the wireless internet at that time. Unbelieveably, even the hotel-wide Business Center shut at midnight. We were travelling without a laptop for this segment of the trip and this was a real problem. Don't these people know know that midnight in Beijing is noon in New York? The Portman Ritz may not be the most beautiful or dramatic hotel from an architectural point of view in Shanghai, but it definitely would be my first choice for return trips.	
Jun 25 2007 	Not bad	We stayed here May 2007 and it is one of those Ritz Carlton's that is not really a RITZ. It is clean and has everything that you need, but it is older and the furniture in the rooms is slightly beat up, the decor is a little dated. I enjoyed my stay because I am usually looking for clean and convenient, which it was. But, I would not pay top dollar to stay here. I liked the location - close to everything but is a little quieter (if there is such a thing in Shanghai) neighborhood.	
Jun 25 2007 	Better than expected	After having read some of the other reviews, I was a little bit scared. Had to choose the hotel as I was visiting a friend living nearby. I chose a Shanghai Rooms and I can say the hotel was better than expected: great service, nice lobby (a little dark and stretched but very elegant), nice rooms recently renovated (very nice bathrooms). Laundry service was excellent (my shirts has been packed as they were brand new), nice food with a very good Sunday brunch with free Champagne. The hotel is based on a main shopping street, 15min from the Bund and very close to other nightlife areas.One regret: I only spent there two nights...	
Jun 21 2007 	Seems over-rated	I am staying at this hotel on business right now. The rooms are very nice like you would expect at a Ritz Carlton.There is something wrong with the elevators, since we have had long waits to get on one of them. Maybe they are programmed wrong or there are not enough elevators, but the waits are just too long.With our group of four travelers, half of us are booked in Club rooms, the other half regular rooms, so we cannot meet for breakfast, since the Club room breakfast floor 43 is only available for Club rooms. None of us understand why they split us up this way, and management does not seem to care.Hotel management seems oblivious to any concerns of guests. I am not sure why they are like this, but this does not seem like a five star hotel at all.	
Jun 6 2007	worst concierge service	The hotel is perfect for the location. The rooms are large and well re-furnished.But the concierge service is the worst . They have no clue of any restaurant in the city or show happening in town. They don't speak english very well and sometimes they can be very rude.	
May 19 2007	totally exceeds expectation	We read some of the previous reviews and we requested a shanghai room via email to the hotel. To my surprise, the staff called me all the way from China to confirm my details. I was very pleased to their quick response.When we arrived, we got upgraded to the exeutive suite. The room was very spacious, clean and was everything you can think of in a 5 star hotel. The linen of the bedding was the best. The blanket was soft and so comfy. You'll feel like you're sleeping on the million dollars.It was located in the heart of Shanghai City which is very convicenient and close to all tourist spots. So if you are looking for good location, this hotel won't disapoint you. I was glad that I didn't choose Grand Hyatt as it was too far away from everything. On the last day, my husband got sick and it's such a relief to know that there is an English speaking medical centre in the hotel. The services of staff was fantastic.The hotel got eveything more than you need and I will definitely stay there again.The only low point for me was the feather pilow was too soft. So if you can't sleep on the soft pillows like me, please bring your own.	
May 7 2007 	This is a Ritz?	OK, so I live in Atlanta (former HQ for Ritz Carlton and home to three of their properties), so my expecations are high, but this feels more like a Marriot (pulling up to the door feels *exactly&quot; like the Marriot Marquis in Atlanta) than a R-C. God help the pedestrian trying to cross the taxi area! Navigating the lobby is ridiculous, as the central elevator area makes it hard to walk through when it's crowded. Room size and amenities are OK, but the furnishings feel a little worn out and not up to RC's normal luxury standards. I do like the light controls on the nightstands, and turndown service was better than at many properties. Based on a fellow travelers reccomendation, I'll try the Four Seasons next time.	
May 7 2007 	Depends which room you book	I stayed in the hotel for 3 days for work purposes. Originally I was given a simple room which was old and dated. I was very disappointed as I expected that the &quot;Ritz&quot; would be nice.As I got to my room, it was still not ready for me, as it was been cleaned. I waited for 30 minutes, and then i went back to my room. The key to the room was not working. Again, I went downstairs to get a new key: again, it didn't work! So for 45 minutes i was trying to just get to a room which was paid for after a 12+ hour flight.I was then given an upgrade to a nicer room, which was just perfect!!! it had marble sink, massive plasma TV, and a great decor. So depending on the room you book- you may have a great holiday, or a pretty disappointing experience.	
Jan 19 2007 	Great Location Great View Great Service	We spent two weeks at the Portman Ritz-Carlton. We had a wonderful experience and enjoyed every bit of it.We arrived on Dec 30, 2006 with our (almost) 3 year old daughter. The light arches at the entrance made the hotel a very welcoming place. The bell man was very helpful. After he delivered our luggage, he stayed and told us where to park in the future and how to validate parking etc.We stayed on the 34th floor. The room is comfortable but nothing fancy. However, the view has more than made it up. Our windows directly overlook the Shanghai Exhibition Center. The holiday lights on the historical building looked spectacular. Too bad that we didn't take any picture of it before the lights were turned off on the Jan. 3.The location was convenient to many good shopping and dinning spots. Simply walking on the streets outside of the hotel in the evenings (when it is not too cold) was very enjoyable. It is two blocks away from the nearest metro (subway) station.On New Year's eve, after seeing the Shanghai Acrobatic in the Theater on the 4th floor, our daughter was hungry. We ended up getting room service for her. She got the full Ritz-Carlton treatment for an order of kids meal. Lucky for us, she only did that twice during our whole stay.The breakfast buffet was dependable, but could use more variations (especially when you have it for two weeks straight). However, it didn't bother the kid at all. She enjoyed her daily rice congee with pickles and fried eggs with bacons occasionally.The lobby staff and restaurant managers would greet our kid and spent time talking and playing with her every day. When we mentioned that our kid's birthday was coming up in February, the staff sent a birthday tray with her name on the cookie to our room. On our last day, one of the staff bought toys (most likely with her own money) for her. The Ritz-Carlton lion is now one of her favorite.	
Jan 16 2007 	Terrific Hotel - Ignore the Negative Reviews	I stayed at the Portman Ritz Carlton - Shanghai twice in January 2007, and I highly recommend this hotel. First, the location is unbeatable, and world-class shopping and conveniences are immediately outside the front door. The lobby and other public areas are very modern and stylish, with a Chinese flair. Thus, I can only imagine that these areas were very recently updated based on certain negative reviews that are on this site. I do know that the SHANGHAI rooms are the most recently renovated; thus, make sure you are guaranteed such a room when making a reservation. A business colleague that did not have a Shanghai room was disappointed since the room needed updating. Every staff member I encountered was bilingual to a point. I strongly recommend this hotel, particularly if you must have comprehensive business services available. Finally, I upgraded in order to have Club Level access, and the food, beverage, service, and privacy were well worth the extra juans/RMBs.	
Jan 6 2007 	love this hotel!	Stayed the second time at this hotel and the services are just perfect! Liked everything!	
Dec 20 2006 	Great workout room	Stayed in a recently renovated &quot;Shanghai&quot; Room, very luxurious, very Ritz-Carlton. Service was great for Shanghai, but nothing compared to say Tokyo or Hong Kong. Slightly offhand attitude of some staff, but in general, more than satisfactory. Concierge was very efficient and helpful.The private hotel transport (an Audi A8 or the Chinese equivalent i think) was very good, and reasonably cheap (about $25 per hour) and while about 5 times more than a cab, still a good deal. Great for a night out on the town with someone special.What was outstanding, however, were the workout facilities. All Life Fitness equipment including a large number of bikes and treadmills, as well as a full range of weight machines.Sauna, steam room, two jaccuzis, swimming pools, squash court all in top condition. Best of all was the service of the staff. Constantly replacing water bottles, handing out cold wet towels etc.Also, every bike and treadmill has a personal LCD TV with full cable tv. This hotel is a good option	
Oct 22 2006 	Excellent Service Good Hotel	I'll start with the bad. My room at this property was probably not to Ritz standard. It was probably a bit nicer than a typical Sheraton or Marriott. Primary negatives were the dated bathroom (still nice) and rather firm bed (though bedding is quite nice). So no real complaint, just not quite what I would expect at Ritz-Carlton. All business amenities are provided or available.On the major plus side, the nominally disappointing room condition was more than made up for with very excellent service, as should expected with this brand. I was here for 5 nights and as such got a good picture for the quality of housekeeping, dining, laundry, bell, etc. All top notch. The hotel gym is also excellent, for those bringing their workout clothes.Internet access is charged by the minute, capped out at 100 RMB/day. The location is about 3 Km west of Bund. Taxi to virtually any attraction is 12-20 RMB (&lt; $3 US) and fast, so don't get hung up on location complaints. Taxi to PVG was about 200 RMB (~$30).	
Oct 21 2006 	Loved the Ritz-Carlton!	We had a wonderful experience at the Ritz-Carlton Portman. We got a great deal through Travelocity for about $250 a night. The entrance has an impressive design and the furnishings are hip. The rooms are very beautiful. It's everything you'd expect from a five star hotel. The staff is professional and helpful. The concierge helped us get a private tour guide and driver to take us around the city for a day. It was definitely worth it! Our tour guide was excellent...she spoke English very well and customized the day around what we were most interested in. We liked her so much, that we hired her a second day to take us shopping. The only downside is that there are not enough people at the concierge desk. There were a few times when I called and no one answered and when we went down to the desk, we had to wait about 5 - 10 minutes before we could talk to someone. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 5 2006 	Luxury all the way	The Ritz-Carlton is on the West side of the river and near to the main shopping street - Nanjing Road. The executive club rooms are luxurious and very well-equipped. The staff in the executive Lounge all speak excellent English and are friendly and very helpful. The Bund waterfront is easily accesible by taxi and the Tourist Train (a Disney-Like experience whose flashing-lights are not for epileptics) is an easy route to the sky-scrapers of Pudong on the opposite side of the river. Great breakfasts and a very happy Happy Hour. We stayed four nights - and wished it had been longer.	
Aug 7 2006 	great hotel	The trick is to stay at the newly renovated Shanghai room or club level, slightly more expensive (my company has a corporate rate) than the standard room (everyone on this site complained about) - new rooms are better decorated, with separate shower stall, beautiful bathrooms and Plasma TV. I personally like Portman, it's a convinient place to stay for a foreigner who does not speak chinese (don't need to carry a hotel card with the name in chinese, every taxi driver in town knows &quot;portoman&quot;), service is efficient (they always greet me on the curbside if I order airport transfer and have all the papers ready to sign, no wait in line for check in). Also, very convinient to have everything you might need at hand and with staff speaking great english - airline offices, western run medical center, banks, wine store, element fresh, pharmacy, post office, etc. I have stayed at other 5 star international hotels in Shanghai and none of them can beat Portman on location front.	
Jul 12 2006 	Worn and old hotel in a city with many new and luxurious options	I have long preferred to stay with the Portman, given its location, service and well-established reputation in Shanghai. This last visit shattered my earlier opinions.The hotel is looking worn and old and in desperate need of a makeover if it is to survive competition from the Four Seasons, JW Marriott and other five star brands appearing across the river in Pudong.Some particular disappointments: 1) the Internet LAN cable is too short to reach the bed, and WiFi is unavailable; 2) the shower head was old and rickety; 3) towels, although large in size, were quite rough on the skin; 4) amenities are generic and cheap; 5) staff was inattentive (nobody was in the lobby to take my suitcase at check-out, or to bring it to the taxi stand); 6) the very old television’s remote control did not work well, requiring me to jam my fingers into the buttons to change a channel.For leisure travelers, the hotel is not a suitable choice given its location and focus on business guests. For business travelers, consider the Four Seasons or JW Marriott as strong alternatives.Until the hotel completes a significant renovation, I would avoid this place and spend the money at a property with more value for cost.	
Jul 7 2006 	Terrible	This is not a nice hotel especially for a Ritz Carlton. I have stayed at multiple Ritz Carlton's worldwide and this has to be the worst. It is &quot;tired&quot; and needs major updating from everything from the Lobby to the rooms. Skip staying here and spend the money at the JW Marriott or the Four Seasons in Shanghai. This hotel needs a major renovation and until it has one I will not stay here again.	
Jul 6 2006	Gracious old hotel - a pleasant stay	We were a bit stunned when we first arrived at the hotel... this is no standard Ritz Carlton. The hotel is huge and thus impersonal, i.e. lack of the signature of the personal touch at other Ritz Carlton. Language problem could post a barrier... although most of the service staff could speak some English, they would get lost if you try to get into details. However, they were snobbish enough to provide more attentive service to foreigners over &quot;locals&quot;. I am an Ethnic Chinese, and thus was always put at the end of the queue trying to get enquiry at the concierge. But other than that, I'd say the reception and concierge were still courteous enough. We stayed at a standard room and didn't find the room to be &quot;small&quot; as read here previously, but the furniture were indeed very dated. However, this &quot;antique-ness&quot; did disperse this feeling of the old Shanghai, just like a very gracious old lady. In fact, I did quite fall for the atmosphere after the first day.The only complaints of the room would be the dimly lit room (ok in the day time with the sun shining in) after the sun gone down; and the small bathroom which had a leakage in the toilet bowl (service was swift though... it was repaired during our short trip out to dine), and no separate shower cubicle.The gym was well equipped and opened 24 hours (I hope I remember right), and the swimming pool was of good size comparing to other hotels in Shanghai. There was even a mini-supermarket attached to the block which sold some good quility deli, but at a price of course!With its excellend location, this hotel is still on my list of choice hotels for my next trip to Shanghai.	
Jun 27 2006	Very Poor Service	When we arrived at the hotel we were met outside our limousine and a man said he would take us up to our room. The room he took us to was not the room we had booked and not up to our standards. We were tired after a 24 hour trip so we spent the night in the room and the next morning I went down to complain and was offered a limousine ride to the airport. I refused and was told the room we had booked was not available. I told them they should have notified us that the room wasn't going to be available so we could go elsewhere. I should note that the reservation was made over six months in advance on their website. We were eventually moved to a higher floor but still not the correct room and offered a 10% discount WHOOPEE! Needless to say we won't be staying there again this year. So the message is if they meet you at the car it is bad news since they want to deal with you in the privacy of a room and not at the front desk.	
Apr 20 2006 	Can't wait to go back	What service! I didn't want to leave. I recently stayed for 9 nights on a Club floor and enjoyed every single aspect of my stay. Can't wait to go back. Great staff. A special mention goes to Mr. Ralph Grippo the GM and also to Angela and Andy at the Club Lounge.	
Feb 19 2006 	Great for business people	After reading other reviews I was a little concerned about staying here, but thankfully my fears were unfounded. Our business partners booked the room under their corporate rates and that helped. My one-bed room was plenty big and impecalby serviced. Nice touches like complementary bottled water replenished daily and ice delivered with turn-down were welcome. The staff was very helpful. Free coffee in the lobby each morning (until the handy Starbucks opened) suits my needs! Be sure to try the on-site Element Fresh for a nice, reasonably-priced breakfast and the Long Bar for a pre-dinner Guiness (buy-one-get-one during happy hour). Just across the street is a great typical restaurant with outdoor tables...not fancy, fairly crowded, very good food and prices as well as totally local crowd.This hotel offered everything I need for a business trip home base.	
Feb 13 2006 	NOT REALLY A RITZ	Very poor example of a Ritz Carlton. Staff is very nice and more than accomidating, yet the rooms and the facilites are VERY outdated and look more like a nice holiday inn then a ritz carlton. I didnt want to beleive the other reviews and try for myself, so I booked three nights at the Ritz. When I arrived and found my extra small club room, its a squeeze for 2 beds, I canceled my remaining days and booked at the hyatt.If you have stayed at other ritz carltons, come over and have a drink at the bar, but stay somewhere else, you will be dissapointed.In addition, the food and facilites on the club level are very poor. Nice room, but selection and quality of food are POOR.	
Feb 9 2006	The Ritz Rules!		
Dec 3 2005	Not up to Ritz Carlton and other 5 star Shanghai standard.		
Oct 18 2005	As a travel agent i woud not recommend this hotel		
Sep 2 2005 	`Better than the reviews of read		
Aug 30 2005 	Very Nice Stay!!		
May 25 2005 	Ho hum		
Apr 8 2005	Nice Hotel		
Feb 28 2005	So So		
Jan 26 2005	Too Tired		
Nov 25 2009 	???????????????		
Nov 15 2009 	?????????		
Nov 12 2009 	????????????????????????		
Oct 12 2009 	?????????....?		
Sep 29 2009 	?????...		
Sep 1 2009 	??????????????		
Sep 1 2009 	???????		
Aug 13 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 1 2009 	???????????????		
Jul 27 2009 	????????		
Jul 26 2009 	???????????		
Jul 17 2009 	?????		
Mar 10 2009 	??????????		
Mar 5 2009 	???????????		
Feb 26 2009 	?????		
Dec 31 2008 	???????		
Oct 25 2007 	Spitzen Hotel - Spitzen Service!		
Dec 24 2006 	fantastico		
