Oct 14 2009 	Lovely hotel and great value	This is a very nice looking new trendy hotel. The service is OK. The rooms are roomy and clean. If you have business in the area this is a great value hotel.The pool is long and narrow - the best I have seen for a Hotel to do laps.	
Feb 8 2009 	One of the best business hotels in Shanghai	I travel to Shanghai moderately often on business. The Parkyard is ideally suited to people doing business in the Zhangjiang industrial park (Lenovo, Flextronics, Valeo, and many other international high tech firms). It is a bit off the &quot;beaten path&quot; if you are headed out at night for dinner with clients and colleagues, but the organic restaurant in the train station next door has excellent food and is fine for casual dining (and I'm really picky about Asian cuisine).The hotel is almost new, with a solid 4-5 star level of furnishings and decorations. The layout tends to a cross between German modern and contemporary Chinese serene. Unlike some other expensive Shanghai hotels, staff is generally well trained (except the shoe shine service, which was horrible ... the put lots of polish on the shoes, but then didn't buff it off!). The heath club really is a health club with a nice lap pool, exercise room and quality &quot;real&quot; massage service. Breakfast is very good, if sometimes crowded. The house coffee is not good, use the automatic capuccino machine instead.The only caveats; there are a block of rooms along one side of the hotel that are situated along a very noisy/busy sidewalk (I think it's ChenHui Road). There's a 8' privacy wall, but it doesn't help if you want to sleep in. Always request a room with a window to one of the interior courtyards.Price: I think it's one of the best values in Shanghai, even when you factor in the cost of a taxi to PuDong or PuXi.	
Nov 3 2008 	Quite nice just some small little problems...	I stayed in this hotel 3 times since Oct 2007. As the previous poster pointed out, it's a new hotel and is very close the Zhangjiang industrial park where some international companies are located. I stayed there for the same reason.It's also very near to the subway station, about 5 mins' walk, to the right of the hotel.As far as the hotel is concerned, the bell hops are all very polite, helpful and cheerful. Two of them remembered me and when I last stayed - that was quite impressive!!The hotel is a business hotel with only one restaurant which serves breakfast and dinner with a limited menu. The breakfast is good with a great variety. Now dinner is average and pricey so just step out of the hotel and walk to the food and entertainment area next to the hotel (literally next door - subway, starbucks, Chinese restaurants, etc)I like the fact that the lobby is chic, minimalistictic and smells good all the time. The rooms are spacious with the same minimalist style. Internet is free of charge and works very well.The only problem with this hotel is HOUSEKEEPING - for my 1st and 3rd (most recent) stay, I needed to call the housekeeping back to do the clean up again. There was hair, watery stain and patches of sticky stuff on the writing desk this time.The manager was very apologetic and explained that it was because they were running full house, which could be true. I was eventually upgraded to an executive suite because there was no other room available that night. In that room though, the phone didn't work.These small little issues prevent me from giving this hotel a rating of 5. I do look forward to staying at this hotel again because the staff is friendly (except for the staff at breakfast).By the way, if you are coming back to the hotel from Puxi area, make sure that you bring the hotel's address. Most drivers on the other side of the city doesn't know this hotel. Tell them it's next to the subway station. I will post pics later...hope this helps!	
Dec 30 2007 	Great place to stay for ZhangJiang	I booked several nights for a business delegation to Pudong, and this was an ideal hotel for our needs. There was great attention to our every request, and the staff were beyond helpful. The hotel is new, and since it is at the last Subway stop in Pudong, relatively quiet (i.e., no tourists) - which was, again, perfect for our group. As it was located right next door to the Zhangjiang station, our commute to Puxi and other locations was simple and efficient.	
Jul 23 2009 	Hotel Parkyard Shanghai.		
Apr 17 2009 	Non credo lo consiglierei...		
