Aug 17 2009 	Nice hotel	Ivy boutique hotel is lovely. Only problem we had was finding it after we got off the metro at jin'ang temple station. The hotel map made it look not so far away - however this map is not to scale!! Also others had said it was about 15min walk from the station...This is NOT true lol. The road the hotel is on is actually VERY long - as are the majority of roads in Shanghai! But after some disorientation in the rain and being very tired dragging luggage through the streets negotiating the traffic and other pedestrians. Took us around an hour in the end and we ended up doing a full circle! lol Didnt help that we didnt have nor could we remember the number of the building being 700-odd when we were at the 100-odd end of the road!!! Take a taxi! About 11Yuan within the area anyway. But anyhoo, hotel itself is quite nice. Passageways have quotes from films to add to the designer feel. A sitting area on our floor with clouds floating above and ornamental decor again added to this. The Ivy shows a movie each night on their big screen in the longe area - turned out to be the same move every night - Gone with the Wind - with no sound! Decor continues with the room theme...Rooms are nice, with coloured see-through screen separating the bedroom and bathroom! Little touches like the toiletries bag with many bits and pieces and the artwork on the wall. LAN connection for those who have laptops and wi-fin in the lobby area. Breakfast was a choice from chinese and american - some congee on the former and eggs and bacon from the latter. Coffee was goood! Staff very helpful and pleasant. Overall lovely hotel. Location could've been a little closer to the metro station but with taxi's being cheap its not that much of an issue. Just remember to carry the hotel card /address with you! Ivy could print a larger version to help the poor taxi drivers trying to read it in the dark!	
Jun 21 2009 	The Ivy Hotel - design gem in local Jing´an district	Since we hadn´t found any trustful reviews on `The Ivy Hotel` - a 46 room boutique hotel for business and leisure travellers in Shanghai´s upcoming Jing´an district - before our trip we were attracted by the hotel´s website and the appealing pictures of the rooms hidden behind an ivy-painted outside. Furthermore, we got a really got offer on a booking request on hrs - stay 5 nights/pay 4 nights/breakfast included - so we finally decided on The Ivy.To my surprise early check-in on the arrival day at around 9:30 a.m. after a 10 hours uncomfortable economy flight was not a big thing for the friendly English-speaking staff at the stylish reception below a huge chandelier. The premises were modern and, most important, clean, calm, comfy, and air-conditioned (outside in those early morning hours --&gt; temp. 32 degrees Celsius, wow). Furthermore, bathing and beauty goodies, slippers, safety box, mini bar, bottled water for free awaited us in our tasteful furnished platinum/premier room (twin beds, flat screen, marble bathroom w/ bathtub and a separate shower). Besides, The Ivy offers free parking, ironing service and further services like personal butler upon request.The breakfast was a bit ´basic` - offering a chinese style breakfast (fried noodles, wan tan soup, etc.) or american style breakfast (toast, jam, oatmeal, muesli/cereals, omelette, or eggs in any type) w/ tea or coffee/orange juice. Nevertheless, it was ok being included in our booking (separate price: 60rmb). Unfortunately, we didn´t have time to have dinner in the restaurant but it seemed to attracted both, locals and tourists. As far as I remember, a three-course meal was offered for 158 rmb.The staff was absolutely helpful and friendly when dealing with our requests, for e.g., researching train departures, opening hours, taxi, etc.The Ivy´s location is approx. a 10 min. walk from Jing´an temple and the metro station (line 2). A metro station at the next junction (Jiazhou Rd./Changping Rd.) is under construction (finshed by 2010/2012?!) All in all, The Ivy an be a great deal and a very, very comfy ´base camp´ with cordial staff for your visit to Shanghai!!!	
