Nov 16 2009 	Should be higher up the rankings. Perfect Location	This hotel is great. In the french concession area. 5mins from Hengshan road metro station, 10mins on metro to Peoples square. 5 mins the other way to lots of shops and stuff. Beautiful park with black swans across the road. Nice pubs in walking distance. Dont stay near the Bund or city centre...too much building work and dust! This is great, nice big rooms, and HUGE breakfast if you so want. But theres a cafe across teh road which is very popular	
Oct 16 2009 	Good Value and Services	It's an excellent place for bussiness user, easy to reach location with nice size of room. The internet is fast and no extra charge at all. Complimentary juice and fruits are thoughful and shows extra care. Staff are warm and helpful.	
May 25 2009 	nice hotel in a good location	I have visited Shanghai many times before and this was my stay here. The hotel is an an excellent location. There are two sub-way lines close by - Hengshan Road and another one. There is a huge tree-line park opposite the hotel and and close by is the Xujajai (sic) shopping area. There was a McDonalds and KFC there. In addition Hengshan road has a huge number of bars. There are good dining choices on this road. We had a Brazilian night buffet for some 95 RMB. The in-hotel dining is OK, but by Chinese standards I have been less expensive hotels with far more elaborate choices. The breakfast buffet is a good choice of western and chinese and some Japanese fair. Service in the hotel was excellent but horrendous in the buffet. It is overstaffed and the waiters would go about doing their work mechanically and never made eye contact with customers. You could be waiting endlessly for a coffee refill and no one would notice. I think the hotel definitely needs to work on the training aspect. Waiters and all staff at the hotel were very polite. The internet connection was excellent. Good wi-fi downstairs and wired connection upstairs. They had a tiny business area where they did not have a color printer (weird). A common theme I noticed in China was that carpets are poorly kept. I am yet to see a hotel with clean and spotless carpets. That said I would definitely stay there again.	
May 23 2009 	Can't think of a better hotel in Shanghai	This hotel is located in the heart of the French Concession area. From your room window you can see all that Shanghai has to offer: impressive high-rises along side typical Chinese life. It's a short walk to the subway or otherwise a quick cab ride to all the touristy spots in Shanghai. (Added bonus if you don't speak Chinese: the cab drivers all seem to know exactly where the hotel is) Around the corner on Hengshan Lu (5 minute walk) is also a great (and cheap) Chinese restaurant. The room we had was incredibly spacious and comfortable - it was a great place to return to and relax after a day of discovering Shanghai. (We actually had a corner room so more windows = more light and more view) The breakfast at the hotel is amazing, staff is extremely helpful and friendly. I miss it!	
Dec 15 2008 	nice hotel	I stayed two weeks at this hotel, and it is in the good location, subway just 5 mins walk and big shopping centers are 10-15 mins walk. The hotel room is really clean and in good condition. Good rain shower in the bath room. The services are really good, people are very polite there.I stayed in the executive level, which having free afternoon tea and internet access. this hotel seems like business travel hotel, but still very nice for the holiday travellers.I will definately come back to this hotel.	
Jul 16 2008 	Excellent value and quality	Stayed here in July 2007 when it was being refurbished and it was noisy. Refurb now complete, new foyer, reception and dining room. Friendly staff who speak good English. Excellent breakfast with plenty of choice. Bedrooms well equipped with en-suite, large television, internet access, ironing board etc. Hotel facilities good. Good value or money. Taxis very reasonable, trip to the bund £2.50. Metro station 5 minutes walk. Would recommend to friends and family.	
Jul 21 2007 	Stay away	I am still staying at Hengshan Hotel right now. I spent here the last 5 nights.They are doing a complete renovation right now - but didn't tell me when we made the booking by telephone.Today, Sunday at 6am it was impossible to find some sleep in my room ( 8th (Executive) Floor ) because of the heavy noise caused by the workers. The management refuses any compensation - well, the internet access in the room is free of charge *laughing*Breakfast at executive lounge is fair... and as above already mentioned - leaves much space for improvements.In the services directory they write, that executive lounge is open until 10pm - at 9pm it is already closed.I am deeply disappointed... will not stay here again.	
Apr 17 2007 	Nice hotel	Stayed here on 2 seperate occasions for 3 nights in total during our 2 weeks in China. Both rooms were large and very comfortable with allthe amenities you'd expect from a 4* hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful and stored our bags for 3 days during our trip to the mountains. Were even able to check in early (9am) on our return.Only downside for us was the location. Although the area is good and close to some nice bars and places to eat, in hindsight we'd have booked somewhere a bit closer to the bund as this is where most of the tourist attractions are. Would have meant less travelling on the extreamly packed shanghai metro system.Taxi's are easy to find though and very very cheap so not a huge problem and it was a very nice hotel.	
Dec 1 2006 	I enjoyed the Hengshan	My company booked this for me, so I have no idea what price I paid.The room was huge, it seemed to be at an intersection of 2 wings, so was an irregular shape, but big.The bed, too was large and good.The outstanding part of this hotel was the air conditioning. I stayed at the hottest and most humid time of the year, and have to say that the air con was the best! Fanstastically cool. I had my breakfast in a strange room, it seems to be all internal, so no windows, just artificial light. As others have said, the food was OK - ish, I have had better breakfasts in Shanghai.Location is what it is. Nice enough area, a park opposite that was good to walk in and watch the early morning exercises and activities, although the humidity soon got the better of me.The main road that the hotel is on has some good shops and local restaurants. I found some great antiques in a junk shop about 500m up the road.Would I stay again:For breakfast, No.If I had the same bedroom again, Yes.If it was very hot and humid: Oh Yes!	
Jul 26 2006	Not 4 Star but Adequate	I stayed at this hotel in July 2005 and found it to be very good. However, needing a hotel during a business trip, I discovered the hotel service to have changed significantly. First the good:Cheap price. My rate was 590 RMB (about 65 Euros).Good locationRoom size is large for european standards.Bad:Room was dirty, especially the carpet and bathroomBreakfast buffet was lacking. I got there at 9:00 and it had not been restocked (all the fruit was gone) There were 5 waitresses standing around talking and I had to get my own coffee.The employees don't seem to care about customers, or in providing customer service (untypical of Asia).I will stay somewhere else during my next visit.	
Apr 11 2006 	Hard Beds but clean rooms	The hotel is nice and clean, but the beds are super firm. The breakfast buffet leaves a lot of room for improvement but for the price it is quite reasonable.	
Oct 29 2005 	OK for the price	Stayed for one night in this hotel. Although Lonely Planet stated that it was located in an historical apartment building it was not so visible anymore. The environment of Hengshan Lu in the French concession is nice, especially if you like western style restaurants, pubs and bars.I got upgraded and the room was good. The furniture shows some wear and tear and the plumbing was not the best.All in all, if you can get a rate around 800 RMB/80 Euro it is good value.	
Feb 2 2005	the pluses outweigh the minuses	I stayed at the hotel for a week in Jan 05. When i got there they told me they cancelled my reservation, and were booked but had a small room if i wanted it and could change rooms the next day. first i have to tell you about this room. it's smaller than rooms in europe, absolutely tiny and shaped like a rectangle so it was slightly uncomfortable. luckily i was by myself, i don't think i could have shared it with anyone. if they offer you room 1009, just say no. the bathroom was just funny. it was so narrow that i could really walk straight inside. however, i did get moved the next day to a larger room. the beds are very firm. i like that so i had a wonderful sleep, but if you need a soft bed, this may not be a place for you. the bathrooms used a shower curtain and it may have been me, but i kept getting water all over the ground, plus the water didn't drain as quickly as i would have liked and i thought i saw some places that could have been cleaned better. The location is great. was safe and quiet. i saw the dancing at night and tai chi in the morning. very serene and different from the hustle and bustle of the city. every taxi driver i met knew the hotel and where it was so no problems there. the staff speaks very little if any english though i saw a lot of non-asians at the hotel. i'm not sure how they got their questions answered. if you want to brush up on your chinese, or like learning how to communicate in different languages you would enjoy this. but let me say that the staff is very nice and helpful and went more out of their way then some 4 or 5 star hotels i've stayed at. but the hotel did have these cards with english and chinese translations of major tourist spots and the hotel address. bring that with you and you'll have all the major stuff covered. the one annoying thing was that the maids would come by at 8:30 in the morning which i think is a little too early for cleaning. the hotel is a nice walk to shopping and restaurants. for the price, this was better than i expected in an expensive city.	
Dec 4 2004	Good value and great location for local flavor	We stayed here about a week last spring at the suggestion of a friend who has a company in Shanghai and spends half his time here. He offered 2 places but said we might like this one better because it was in a &quot;quiet&quot; location. We thought we might want to be where the action was, but when we got there we realized what he meant. Shanghai is a frenzy, packed, loud, shoving crowds. Unlike the big chain hotels, the Hengshan is in an older established neighborhood in the best section of town: the French concession. It is a tree-lined street with some of the older French villas nearby. The hotel is in the area where guidebooks have scenic walk itineraries. It is across the street from 2 parks, a large one with public dancing at night, and a small local one. We liked the small park - in the morning you can see oldies doing tai chi or getting their excercise dancing to 1930's music. The hotel is a remake of the old Picardie apartment, so the rooms are enormous with high ceilings and (some) balconies. They have a classic 1930's feel, not artificial but authentic with a well-lived-in feel. Unfortunately, there are no no-smoking rooms so you can't get one that's totally odor-free. The beds and furnishings are of moderate quality. The bathrooms are large, with new marble tiles and fixtures (including separate glass shower stall) but look like they had been designed by an amateur. Clunky. Westerners shouldn't have a problem with the cleanliness or the toiletries. The staff don't speak much English so you can't rely on them for sightseeing help. But they are friendly and trustworthy. You'll feel secure here. We didn't eat there as there are local restaurants with real local Shaghainese food. Due to jet lag, we woke at 5am and would head out to either the steamed dumpling shop or the fried dumpling stand, which open at 6am - each about 2 blocks away in opposite directions from the hotel. For about 50 cents, you can get a holf dozen of the best dumplings in the world. We ate these in copious amounts every morning. There's also one of the biggest internet cafes nearby, with about 120 computers. You get a fast connection to your email for about 50 cents an hour. About 2 blocks away is a subway stop, and there begins the posher restaurants. A few blocks away is a major shopping district with huge department stores. With taxis cheap and the subway nearby, it's easy to get to the major tourist sites, yet be able to retire to your &quot;neighborhood&quot; at the end of the day. In summary, this hotel isn't for those who are looking for a U.S.-type glass and steel hotel. It's for those who want something cheaper and more in tune with the culture and history of the city, and who are indpendent (i.e., not dependent on hotel staff for arrangements).	
Nov 18 2009 	ganz passabel - Spa im Hotel nicht zu empfehlen!!!		
Sep 15 2008 	Ein furchtbares Hotel in einer Stadt voller erstklassiger Alternativen!		
Sep 10 2008	na ja		
