	VERY GOOD VALUE	We stayed here 3 nights and we liked hotel with very clean and nice room good view and best service. The price not expensive and good value	
Oct 3 2009 	Terrific value	I am from the US and visited Shanghai for about a week. The hotel is geared towards business travelers; the room layout reminded me of Hyatt's back in the states. Room amenities were top notch, as was service. The location was terrific as well. Overall, very good value.	
Jul 22 2009 	Hotel Carolina has everything you need for a comfortable stay	Hotel Carolina is on Xinhua Road in Shanghai, which is West of the downtown, Pudong area. Because it is not downtown is is very reasonably priced. I stayed there for a week with some class mates I was taking a course at the Economics school with. The school is about a 5 min. walk away, it was perfect. The metro station West Yan'an rd. is about 10 min. walk. The hotelwas impecably clean, the staff very freindly and the rooms are beautiful. There is AC and internet in every room. each room also has a bar fridge which is nice. The free breakfast is great. AS variety of Chinese food and toast, fruit, coffee, cereal area avail. There are computers with internet in the buiness centre. I can't say anough about how pleased I ws about this place. It is a great value and the service is excellent. Btw if you area a runner it is close to a great park for running called zhongshan park. Go early if you do. Zongshan has a loop trail that is popular with the locals. It isn't a really long loop, but it is much better than running on the sidewalk in full sun.	
Jun 14 2009 	Pleasant stay and would definitely come here again!	It was overall a great get-away from everything. It's located in the Chang Nan District of Shanghai... It is within a reasonable distance from most places (20 mins away by taxi). The room was clean and cozy and I loved the bathroom the most! The showers were a comfortable pressure... and they had two shower heads! One is fixed and acts as a rainshower, and the other one is a detachable shower head so that's pretty neat. The toilet was probably one of the better ones I've seen in China for awhile. I honestly didn't pay attention to the beds because for the 3 nights I've stayed here, I slept immediately since I had quite an exhausting travel schedule. There's a driveway and gate that leads you towards the hotel... The hotel is actually 30 meters away from the street so you can imagine how quiet it is. There was absolutely NO NOISE from the streets. There are two convenience stores at both ends of the streets. By the way, the hotel is located near the middle of the street, so no intersections to worry about either. Catching a cab was quite easy as well, as many vacant ones pass by the road quite frequently.The continental breakfast won't make you full but the food's decent, and gives you enough energy to survive until lunchtime. What else is there... Ah yes, places to suggest a foreigner should definitely visit. Of course, the Wai Tan area, and check out Cheng Huang Miao which is a great place to checkout some neat architecture and buy some local goodies, souvenirs, etc... For cheap bargains go to Qing Pu Lu - i bought some ridiculously cheap Giorgio Armani / Burberry London ties for 30 RMB... comes with matching cufflinks and pocket sleeves.. If I gave it to someone as a gift, the person would not even suspect that it would be a replica because it looks that real (maybe it is real?). Anyway, this hotel rocks and I definitely would return again!	
Oct 19 2009 	Plaisirs Simples		
