Nov 15 2009 	Great accomodation let down by a terrible restaurant	We loved our room at URBN, the design and style was amazing and the hotel staff were attentive. The location is great. The restaurant was disappointing though, and really detracted from our experience. The food was oily and uncreative, one dish was so oily i physically felt ill and didn't finish it. The manager of the restaurant was also quite rude, which really was a shame given how much we enjoyed the other aspects of the hotel. I would stay there again...but will be going out to eat!	
Nov 8 2009 	a novelty but away from the centre	Imaginatively finished with recycled materials in keeping with its status as a carbon neutral hotel, clean and comfortable with a decent restaurant. The local area is fairly anonymous although its only a 10 minute walk to reach a couple of shopping malls and the local metro station.	
Oct 17 2009 	5* Eco Hotel In Downtown Shanghai	This hotel is the most Eco friendly hotel in Asia. It is carbon neutral. Its restaurant is superb. The staff are attentive, the public areas are all made from reclaimed wood and stone. Truly truly an example to the global hotel industry. This hotel offers splendid value for money and I must echo the previous post. If you are exhausted after your travel to Shanghai or just need to unwind after a hard day at work....Make a point of visiting Sugar &amp; Spice Massage next door. The service and quality is exceptional and half the price of the hotel service.	
Sep 28 2009 	Full of nice surprises started from stepping thru the hidden entrance	Stay for at least 2 nights and book E_A_R_L_Yas you need :- an hour to check the characteristic decoration and the art pieces,- another hour stay in the bath by the bed, enjoy watching the DVD and a glass of organic wine at the same time, - 2 hours in the resturant for the dinner prepared by the Australian chefs, yummy !- a morning in the gardern for a nice brunch under the sun	
Sep 28 2009 	A quiet hotel with well-designed concept and details in the center of a crazy city!	The overall stay is memorable. I love the room design, the outdoor restaurant and all those green ideas. My friends love the inroom lounge sofa!I guess maybe due to the green concept, the hotel has no parking space at all. I arrived Shanghai by own car and had to find a parking place by myself in the midnight. Not very pleasant experience because I even had to take a taxi back to hotel from the parking venue (a car wash station) due to luggages.	
Sep 28 2009 	my favourite hotel in shanghai	This was the second time I have been there and I love it. I stayed in a garden view room both times. Absolute best bit is that internet is free and they explain how to access it as soon as you step through the door. The hotel smells wonderful and feels like home right away. If I could afford to live there i would and it wouldn't be hard as there is a lot of storage space. All the things that boutique hotels often mess up (patchy service, weird/impractical design etc) are equivelant to any other 5* branded hotel but more personal and genuine.Only downside is that breakfast was not included and is pricey compared to the other options near by - looked good though. Also all the stairs in the rooms would provide a pretty major barrier to the physically impaired.	
Sep 26 2009 	The most relaxing hotel haven in Shanghai...highly recommended!	For the business traveler or tourist in this busy town, this hotel will ensure that your stay is relaxing and pampered. Urbn is discreetly tucked away within a garden enclosure of white stones and bamboo, a zen view from your window. The hotel staff are young, friendly and efficient with good language skills. The rooms are simple, elegant and well designed with sunken lounges and open bath. The large showers are very luxurious with slate tiles and abundant room for two. The textures and qualities of the decor are from re used wood giving the hotel a special quality that is a mix between modernism and nostalgia. This is a great boutique hotel for an intimate and relaxing stay in such a fast paced, hectic &amp; brilliant city that is Shanghai.	
Sep 21 2009 	Nice modern design hotel with eco focus	Great design, great service. Internet is very nice. Gym is very nice but not on site. Restaurant is good, room service menu is light on items.	
Sep 21 2009 	From garden to bedroom the relaxing atmosphere brings inspiration.	URBN was very cool. I had a lot of hopes after seeing the website, and from check-in to check-out, the experience was even better than expected. The free upgrade was definitely a nice bonus, but I'm guessing the stay would have been wonderful even without it.The artistic but homey design definitely was a great passive relaxant.	
Aug 29 2009 	Most friendly and best services	I have been visiting the hotel a couple of time with friends, and I must say we were always very happy and impress with the services each time we were there. The hotel has a very convenient location but yet feel very secluded. Once you step into the main entrance, you feel calm and soothing which is very unusual to find in Shanghai city center. When we arrived, the staff were very friendly. We had our birthday party in their Green Room Bar. This bar is big enough to hold about 30-50 people with a very intimate feeling. The two bartainders provided excellent services. They heard no one brought a cake, they immediately offered to go pick one up from a near by bakery for the party. On top of that, they made some great cocktails and shots.... All our guests enjoyed the hotel and the services a lot. Many were impressed and said they will comeback again. Forgot to mention, their downstair restaurant provides delicious dishes and good selection of wines. The staffs were all very attentive as well.	
Aug 27 2009 	Staycation	I live in Shanghai and my boyfriend and I decided to have a &quot;staycation&quot; in the city to relax without having to travel. We chose this hotel because it is quiet, yet in a convenient and busy area of the city. The experience was awesome! The design is beautiful and tranquil, it is nice to see sustainable design and greenery in the middle of the city. The showers are awesome and the bathtubs are huge. The king size beds were so soft that we slept for 13 glorious and uninterupted hours.The best thing was the service. We didn't have to ask for anything because it was already there (yoga mats in each room), or the staff anticipated our needs and would bring things before we had to ask. But they did this in an unobtrusive manner. The owners of the hotel were actually working in the hotel and they introduced themselves and took care of a lot of things as well. We felt like guests in their home. We were going to go to a fancy restaurant for dinner but decided to stay in our rooms and order room service. Instead of providing us with the normal room service menu, the owners arranged for us to order off the menu from the hotel's gourmet restaurant downstairs and had it delivered to our room. It was probably the best food I have had in Shanghai, and I have been to almost all of the upscale restaurants in Shanghai.It was such a fun and good experience that we are going to stay at URBN again in a couple of months just for the heck of it. One of the owners sat and had a drink with us at the bar and told us they are going to be opening up another location in the city soon. We might try that one next! I just hope that the new location has a spa, which was the only thing that was missing from URBN.	
Aug 24 2009 	Cool hotel with smaller handicaps	Flood after each shower, only 5 TV channels, a little bit complicate to move across the room, room a little bit dark	
Aug 24 2009 	great boutique hotel with garden which is very unusual in shanghai	very nice design hotel with great, friendly people and beautifull rooms. if you stay for business, use the greenroom for your business meetings or if you have to work in the hotel. Service is great and interior is more then great!	
Aug 18 2009 	What a fantastic experience....I LOVED IT!!!	This hotel is a GEM!! What a relief to finally find a hotel that is forward thinking yet mainstream when it comes to luxury service. The best of both worlds as far as I am concerned. The fact that you have a unique experience and have 5-star service if an experience that I will return to time and time again! The restaurant is fantastic...both food and service. The staff delightful and the attention to detail is as if you were at Four Seasons. Stay here...you'll love it!	
Aug 17 2009 	Second time round - twice the pleasure	This was my second stay at URBN Hotel in Shanghai and once again I enjoyed every minute of my experience! From the moment I got pick up from the airport by the hotel's luxury Audi A6 to the immediate recognition I recieved from the staff upon entry (even though I had only stayed once before), I felt right at home. The staff were very attentive and courteous throughout both my stays (the complete opposite to some of the other tripadvisor reports I have read). The room was extremely comfortable with a great bathroom and free internet. This hotel offers all the mod cons you come to expect, at a very affordable price, with the knowledge that you are also supporting the first &quot;green&quot; hotel in China - I will never stay anywhere else!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Great affordable hotel in Shanghai	A really funky boutique hotel, that was very reasonably priced and had great room and staff.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great stay	Had a great stay in Shanghai at the URBN property. Room was very cool with bathtub near the bed and a nice area to lounge. The downtstairs is really pretty and enjoyable for a drink. Service staff is helpful and accomodating.	
Aug 9 2009 	From the design to the comfort and service...5 star	Shanghai was the first and last port of call on our 2 week trip to China...we arrived exhausted to a private airport pick up from the URBN hotel and were very relieved when we made it to the hotel. it is a haven for weary travellers! The staff were efficient from start to finish...although some spoke English better than others they gladly met all our requests (even arranging the booking of all of our internal flights...albeit with a little confusion and delay...a notebook for the change of shift would be welcome addition to the hotel!) The rooms were spacious and tranquil...the bed was enormous and super comfortable! The bathroom in room 13 did have a tendency to become a little flooded after using the shower as the drainage wasn't at its best but i cant say that it really bothered us that much! the bathtub was so large you need to allow for a good 20 minutes to fill it! We also stayed in room 12 which was with the garden view...also a fantastic room. well designed and well appointed to match with the rest of the hotels features...the restaurant was great (we didn't eat there in the evening but had drinks etc) and breakfast was one of the best that we had in China...living in Italy we have very high expectations for coffee and the cappuccino was fantastic....! After midnight the restaurant is all shut down and the hotel is very quiet...could be a positive or a negative!The location was great, it was away from what felt to be the crazyness of the Bund etc but walking distance to the French Concession and a short taxi ride from any other area of the city.I would also strongly recommend a foot or chinese massage at the Sugar and Spice Massage Parlour next to the hotel (come out of the hotel and turn left, 2-3 doors down). it was around £10-£15 for an hour and the girls were fantastic...open until 2am so it was great for anyone suffering from jet lag	
Aug 1 2009 	Restaurant the worst manager EVER.	The restaurant was totally empty on a Friday night. The Chinese staffs were quite nice and helpfulThe manager (Maybe French, not sure) was SO rude and I just can’t believe the way he spoke to us… The food wasn’t all that great for its price but the Expat manager’s attitude totally ruined my night. I will NEVER EVER go back to this restaurant again. No wonder there was no other customers in the restaurant!	
Jul 24 2009 	Perfect first trip to Shanghai!	Urbn Hotel was hands down the best introduction to Shanghai! We arranged a private hotel pick up for the airport. We where greeted by English speaking hotel employees and helped up to our room. Urbn is the first carbon neutral hotel in Asia which was a huge reason we wanted to check it out. It has gotten tons of amazing press, but sticks true to its &quot;boutique hotel&quot; feel. With inly about 20 rooms it stays quiet yet fun!The rooms where very comfortable! free wi-fi was a huge plus! Free fruit and water in the rooms. Bathroom had a huge shower and plunge bath tub! The gym was full of the most up to date equipment. The location is on a quieter side street which is a huge plus in a bustling city like Shanghai! It is easy to grab a taxi outside and the hotel stays quiet! All materials used to build the hotel are local or recycled. Also they use all the most energy efficient technology so the hotel does not waste energy. The whole staff was extremely helpful, even arranging and booking flights for us to Beijing and charging them to the room. They wrote everything down in Chinese for us before we would venture out for the day. This made things so much easier to just show the taxi driver where we wanted to go, since really no taxi drivers speak English. I would recommend this hotel to people of all ages! It truly was a fabulous experience and when we go back to Shanghai we will def stay there again!	
Jun 15 2009 	Wonderful Courtyard	We stayed two nights at URBN and truly enjoyed our stay. The hotel has a beautiful design and nice spacious rooms. In particular the courtyard is a gem. After a day of walking Shanghais crowded streets it was an enchanting experience to sit quietly in the lush courtyard beneath the shadow of large trees and enjoy a cool beverage. You would never imagine that you were in the center of one of the world’s busiest metropolis. We also stayed two nights at Jia, and very much enjoyed our stay at both hotels. If we are to return to Shanghai we would probably spend all nights at URBN due primarily to the courtyard. The service at Jia was, however, better and whereas URBN added many extra expenses to the final bill everything (including evening wine) was included in the daily rate at Jia.	
Apr 21 2009 	Comfortable elegant styling (and wickedly good coffee)	This Hotel is an oasis tucked away on a busy back street in Shanghai. As soon as you step into the grounds the noise stops and serenity surrounds you. The rooms are comfortable and roomy - the bed is low to the ground but heavenly. The bath is big enough for two and the bath product - lovely. The TV is large and swivels to insure you can always view it. The restaurant attached makes (which is very rare in Shanghai) excellent EXCELLLENT coffee and great meals - I am still dreaming about the Ceaser Salad! I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to other 'trippers' with style and who respect simple, effective design and are enviromental and consciously caring about carbon counting!	
Mar 21 2009 	Fabulous service in your own designer home	We first booked another hotel which turned out to be below our expectations upon checkin. Out of desperation, we checked with some friends who had been living in Shanghai and they recommended URBN where their business associates had been staying. We called URBN immediately and they were extremely helpful and polite. Upon arrival, we were made to feel comfortable and were shown 2 different rooms before we made our decision. We chose room 10 on the 3rd floor, with a gorgeous window view of the tall trees.The overall experience was wonderful - staff was friendly, ever helpful, and requests were all attended to within a short time. Even room service for dinner was served within 20 minutes. It was easy to catch a cab from the hotel entrance to other areas. The reception could even print out the exact directions to be shown or communicated to the cab driver, in mandarin.The only grouse was the unexpected lunch experience at the restaurant on the day of our departure. We waited 30 minutes before our order was served and it was not what I ordered. Instead of mussels with fettucine, I was served prawns and the managed only returned to clarify that they ran out of prawns when my husband and I looked surprised at the food. The remaining dishes were bland. It was as if a different chef had prepared food this time round. We concluded the chef had fallen ill. Anyhow, we highly recommend this hotel to anyone who loves modern design and fabulous service.	
Mar 13 2009 	Absolutely Great in all aspects	Amazing hotel!I've travelled to China many times and it was the second time I stayed in a boutique hotel in China. My boyfriend and I stayed at the URBN for 3 nights in February. We decided to try the URBN because it was awarded best hotel in the Conde Nast 08 and it's carbon neutral -- &gt; Everything about the hotel was great from the service to the cleanliness of the rooms to the restaurant of the hotel.The hotel looks beautiful from the outside, a huge wooden door a paved entrance with bamboo trees (at least I believe they were) and as you walk in, you just feel relaxed.We arrived in the early evening, check in was easy and quick. We were then taken to the room and asked if we needed a reservation for dinner. The staff remembered our names during the entire stay which made us very comfortable .We stayed in a garden view studio. The room is big, the bed was not to hard and not too soft just perfect and there was a bathtub next to the bed. the room had everything we needed and there was a DVD player (they even had a couple of movies and there is more at the reception to borrow) and an ipod speaker.For our last night we had dinner at the hotel restaurant which is called room 28 (I've ordered some chips and salad that were great with the roomservice ), the food there is delightful and it was a good break from all the asian food we've been having. It seems liek a lot of expats who live there dine there as well. It's a very cool hotel and we enjoyed our stay there. If you are looking for a nice place to stay in Shanghai, want some peaceful feel to it and for it to be trendy then you should definately stay at the URBN.	
Mar 12 2009 	Excellent Boutique hotel with superb relaxing atmosfeer	Took my wife for a surpise night out. Staff on arrival most helpfull and friendly and very important: all perfect english speaking which is not all that common in China. Everything was ready. No confussion about anything. We stayed in the courtyard suite which was superb. The room was equiped with everything necessary including a little outside patio with in the back a seperate room with a huge Jacuzzi from which you have the option to watch a movie of your choice, from the dvd selection that is in the room, on a large flatscreen. Wonderfull. Beware: you'll be extremely wrinkled if you watch a complete movie... Loved it.The whole hotel is very stylish decorated which gives you a very relaxing feeling. We very much like good food and the restaurant did definately not dissapoint us. Here also all staff english speaking and very good service. Very good menu with excellent selection. All in all a very well spend day. We really enjoyed it!	
Mar 9 2009 	very relaxing and comfortable	I stayed for a few days in Shanghai and the last 2 nights in that fantastic URBN hotel. It was perfect to relax at the end of the vacation because of the whole flair of this place. The design is outstanding, the rooms are comfortable and very clean and the friendly staff was very helpful at any time.I really enjoyed the great bathroom with a kind of rain shower in the middle the room and the huge bathtub. The 24 hour room service delivers also awesome food for an axceptable price. The WiFi internet was also included as the big TV with international channels. There were a DVD player and some English movies in the room as well. In the end I have to mention the very friendly staff. There was no time they declined a request (e.g. cleaning the cloak at 5am) and that always with a smile and eye contact!I will definitely go there again!	
Mar 9 2009 	A Superb!	URBN is outstanding! From the location, facade design, theme, rooms and ofcourse their super friendly and cordial staff, I just fell in love with all of it. With the nature of my job, being an event planner, I frequent five star hotels.Things are pretty one and the same in most hotels i've been, like things are kinda expected but with URBN it totally made a mark. The whole property might be pretty small but everything just came out to be perfect than expected.The rooms are really something that you don't even want to leave. Really comfortable beds, first class sheets and the room designs are exquisitely done. Then top it with very friendly and pleasant staffs. I can just remember vividly my whole stay at URBN.	
Mar 3 2009 	Classy hotel in an intimate setting	I recently spent two nights at the URBN Hotel in Shanghai. Located on a nondescript side street just north of the Jing An Temple, URBN is located a bit further away from common tourist destinations (People's Square, the Bund, Pudong) than the big-name hotels, though it is a fairly short walk to the Metro line 2, and to the shopping district along Nanjing Road W.The design of the hotel is quite lovely and soothing. The main floor encompasses reception and a restaurant (Room 28), plus some lounge seating areas for visitors. The restaurant was quite nice, with a good selection for weekend brunch, dinner, and the morning buffet/a la carte service.My friend and I were each in a Garden View room (with large south-facing windows overlooking the courtyard), and our rooms were quite spacious. The rooms have more storage space than is imaginable: two large closets, bathroom storage cabinets, dressers, shelves and more. The layout is nice, as well; while the bed is in the middle of the room, there is a sunken living room between the bed and the window, creating a distinctly different space for lounging. One frustration with the room was that there were no fewer than five different places in the room for lightswitches, with no central means of turning lights on/off, making it a bit of a scramble to figure out how to turn off individual lighting schemes. Another was that there was a yoga/exercise kit in the closet for guest use -- with a small tag on it noting that, if opened, the hotel would charge the guest and the guest could take the kit home. Considering that the cost of the kit was rather high (USD$50-60?) and that I had just stayed at a hotel that offered two yoga mats in the room for guest use for free, I was a little put off.Our only other concern with the property was that restaurant reservation requests that we had sent to the hotel (in a follow-up to a concierge introduction email presenting that option) were missed or ignored, so we had to modify plans after our arrival.Overall, the experience of staying at URBN Hotel Shanghai was quite good. It provided more warmth and charm than the larger tourist/business-grade hotels, and helped me explore a new part of the city.--As a side note: Presented as &quot;China's 1st Carbon Neutral Hotel&quot;, one might expect super-green practices to be in place at URBN (think: composting toilets, all energy efficient appliances, high-efficiency weatherproofing), but this claim is instead upheld by the hotel's investment in carbon credits. It's a nice claim for them to have, but there could probably be more done by staff and guests alike to minimize the impact of operations.	
Jan 28 2009 	URBN Exceeded My Expecations	I have traveled to China a few times now and was turned onto this hotel by a friend. I was very impressed. The service was excellent, to say nothing of the accommodations. People were friendly and extremely helpful. I speak no Chinese and they were able to more than make up for that with excellent English. The rooms were so beautiful. After a day in meetings and out in the busy, draining atmosphere of the city, it was like coming to a peaceful oasis. I have stayed in hotels all over the world both “budget” and “luxury” and URBN is not in my top-five choices. People, atmosphere and extra touches all made me feel like I was having an authentic Asian experience with the comforts that I don’t want to leave behind from home.	
Jan 22 2009 	Disappointing	Stayed here for a few days in October 2008, really not a good hotel experience.URBN is lacking the character that makes a great hotel, on the surface (i.e. before you have stayed there) it seems to have it - great looking design, great idea going carbon neutral - however after a day or so I realised that these superficial qualities were not backed with substance - the service was lacking and many things that should be standard in a decent hotel either did not work or were not available.Luxury is about going that step further, URBN falls short of even the basic criteria for a 4* hotel, let alone a luxury one.	
Jan 7 2009 	Christmas at URBN hotel Shanghai	Coming from Hong Kong, we are used to great and out of the ordinary hotels already but the URBN hotel in Shanghai is definitely something different.We booked a Studio Lounge and the room was exactly what they tell you on their web site: “designer’s choice”Totally different than a normal 5 star hotel room: the bad tub was next to the bed in the middle of the room, the bed and the living area were integrated into one huge living space and there was a lot of storage space (esp. compared to the cramped wardrobes we usually see in hotel rooms)to store your stuff. Still some small things were missing, the TV had only 2 channels, but the hotel offers a huge selection of dvd’s and this was better because I could catch up on some movies I missed. From previous visits in China I remember that most TV channels are in Mandarin anyway. An intriguing language, but I don't master it. One things to be aware of is that the room has various different levels which might be inconvenient for disabled people or people traveling with you. The room had free WiFi, which is still very rare for Chinese hotels. Many hotels just charge ridiculous prices to use internet. There was no good mirror in the room if you want to look at your self and try to shave in the bath room was difficult as there was no good mirror and it was a bit dark.As it was Christmas, I had some friends over for dinner and this was just great, a real Turkey dinner with trimmings. The staff is great in the hotel and on Christmas day the General Manager was there to wish every one Merry Christmas. A real personal touch that we really appreciated. I can understand that some people without some understanding of this hotel’s feel &amp; design would not like it here but it is totally chic and stands out on his own, without throwing in the usual big designer names. Great stay, great food, super room, I shall definitely come back!	
Jan 6 2009	More upscale hostel than boutique hotel	Good:Attractive dining area, pleasant outdoor space in good weather, hip vibe, comfortable beds with quality linens, well-stocked mini-bar, interesting location, flat screen t.v.'s with DVD library, iPod/iPhone music dock, free WiFi, good pre-arrival assistance with plans.Bad:Smoking is permitted in the open lobby / bar area, which is immediately adjacent to the dining room and reception desk. Smoking is not permitted in the dining room, but the dining room is open and directly connected to the smoke-filled lobby bar -- miserable for non-smokers, to whom I would not recommend this hotel.Overall, the hotel feels more like an upscale youth hostel than the charming boutique hotel it appears on the Web site: front desk service is a bit disorganized and nonchalant (we were given the wrong address, in Chinese, to a restaurant despite the fact it had been booked by the hotel); the building materials are not the greatest (possibly this is in keeping with the carbon-neutral theme of the hotel -- renewable materials and all -- but the construction is not wearing well and it is poorly insulated for an ostensibly energy-efficient building); and service was hit-or-miss (one day we received full turndown service; another day, nothing; a third day, we received turndown for one not two persons).Also, the breakfast food from the menu is quite close to terrible (though the continental breakfast buffet is fine).All-in-all, this hotel was a disappointment at its price. At half the price, it would have been a wonderful find. At this price, more is expected.	
Jan 3 2009 	Over hyped and under delivered	My partner and I booked the URBN as a final treat after six weeks of travelling through Canada and Europe - this was meant to be two days of comfort before the final leg of journey home to Melbourne. We'd both read much about URBN in Vogue Travel, Conde Naste Traveller etc. so spent a bit more than we would have normally to stay here. We were both dissapointed to find that the hotel which was promoted as 'boutique' is actually far from it - there are no facilities, the finish is cheap and the whole feel of the place is a bit off. The bathrooms are finished in cheap slate with sharp edges and the wood is slimy - I wouldn't rest my toothbrush on the bench. There was no cable television - the hotel claimed it was govt censorship! Strangely the JIA seemed to have more channels than we had in Melbourne! This is all hype - the hotel is 4 star at best and is cheaply finished and not to what I would call western standards. Nothing in the room looked like something I should have paid AUS$400 a night for. Concierge service was reluctant and the desk staff had attitude. We checked out after two days and stayed at the JIA - the two hotels cannot be compared. See my review for JIA and you'll understand why.	
Dec 29 2008	I won't go back..........	The Urbn Hotel Shanghai October 2008This new hotel in Shanghai where I stayed for 5 nights is well situated near to many restaurants and the famous Nanjing road for high end shopping and the fake market.We arrived in the evening and the attractive outside courtyard - thru which you enter - lobby, lounge and restaurant are very welcoming. Sadly during the day these areas are seemingly used by the hotel management as office working space creating an unprofessional atmosphere and a rather awkward ambience for guests wishing to use these particular facilities.The bedrooms are modern in design but unfortunately very user unfriendly with sunken baths which in my view are quite dangerous being surrounded by slate which becomes very slippery when wet added to which they are exceptionally awkward to get in and out of.To reach the sunken seating areas you need to be relatively agile and must avoid sharp corners and dark lurking steps. The rooms are dark and dreary therefore needing lights on at all times. Beds are comfortable, TVs did not work (only two channels - non English!) despite assurances this would be fixed.The young trendy staff were always helpful and obliging but I felt a certain lack of direction as far as the management was concerned.	
Dec 14 2008 	Brilliantly urbane	I had a milestone birthday in October and this was our trip to celebrate -- and what a celebration. This is a gorgeous hotel, centrally located, with quite lovely amenities. The rooms are gigantic, with their own seating areas, and a lovely view of bamboo through courtyard.A few oddities to mention: first, the bathroom design. It's very glamorous but you do have to pay attention to where the water's going -- we found the floor wasn't canted quite as much as it probably ought to have been. The TV does indeed only get a few channels. When we arrived, the hotel included a notice explaining that the government had cracked down on satellite service and that the management was trying to find alternatives. I'm not sure they've been able to; here in Hong Kong, this bit of Olympics-driven paranoia was pretty widely covered so it hardly surprised us.But the pluses were so many. There's a nifty little bar on the fourth floor, quite nice, and the restaurant is quite beautiful (although expensive so we decided to eat elsewhere).The service was quite competent, if not super-warm. That, from what Chinese friends who've lived in Shanghai have told us, is rather part of Shanghai's culture. Oh, and the location really is tough to bit, right near a subway station and on the border between the International Settlement and the French Concession. Walking around was itself a huge pleasure.	
Nov 23 2008 	a relaxing oasis in bustling shanghai...	When I arrived at URBN, I was exhausted and irritable from my 20 hour flight from Canada, couldn't wait to set my things down. My taxi pulled up in front of this huge, beautiful wooden gate and URBN staff was actually there waiting for me. As I walked into the courtyard, I knew instantly that I had found an oasis within the hectic city. There were several fountains that drained out the noise from the streets and more greenery than I thought possible in Shanghai. The lobby and rooms were even more impressive. The service was friendly and quick -- I was in my room before I knew it, relaxing in my sunken lounge while running a bath in the japanese style free-standing tub. As a nice touch, I received a phone call a few hours later from someone at the hotel's management, inviting me to enjoy a complimentary cocktail in the private lounge. I ended up in there till late and met tons of interesting people. THe next day, I got another call, inviting me to an exclusive art exhibit opening, Yoko Ono's art debut in China. That had to be my favourite part of the hotel. It's small enough that you feel like you get special attention and are well taken care of. The front desk was very useful when I had questions about where to go in Shanghai, they suggested restaurants, shopping and wrote down addresses for me. All in all, I had a great experience at URBN and will be back whenever I get another chance to go to Shanghai.	
Nov 6 2008 	URBN design is beautiful but service was extremely disappointing	Stayed at URBN for four nights while on vacation in Shanghai the last week of October. All the press and reviews of this hotel are mainly true - the rooms are beautifully designed and a soothing oasis within the hectic city. We stayed in an Atrium room, and the all black bathroom was quite unique and impressive. The location of the hotel is good - in a bustling, more residential part of the city. Unfortunately, our stay was tainted by the terrible service we received from staff during our entire stay. From the moment that we checked in, we were treated with a total lack of interest to help us. There were always several people behind the front desk at any given time, but they always seemed more interested in talking to each other and surfing the web than greeting us or answering our questions. In a city as overwhelming as Shanghai - it would've been nice to feel like we were being taken care of. We didn't have a safe in our room upon check-in and the staff did not have interest in placing one in there until I requested it twice. The common excuse I got when I asked a question (my missing safe, no more than 3 Chinese TV channels, no more than 5 outdated DVDs available from their &quot;catalog&quot;) was that this is a new hotel. Since this hotel has been open for almost a year, I didn't find that to be a good reason. And lastly, on our very first morning, we were given a very chilly warning by hotel management for bringing outside breakfast snacks to eat in the hotel outdoor dining space since that was &quot;commercial space&quot;. I understand that we shouldn't be eating our own food in the hotel restaurant, but it was 8am and we were sitting there for no more than 5 minutes. Since the manager hadn't met us before, I think it would've been nice to warmly welcome us to the hotel first before scolding us to please eat our own food in our room. This unfriendly encounter is not something I expect to have when we are only one of 26 guests staying at a hotel?! it was disappointing. The design and location are great, but I would not go back or recommend URBN to anyone else.	
Oct 27 2008 	Extremely Relaxing	The URBN in Shanghai was exactly what my husband and I needed after a grueling 3 days the bamboo forest, Yellow Mountain, and Suzhou. We spent two nights here in hopes of catching a glimpse of Shanghai on our whirlwind China trip. The staff was very helpful and arranged dinner reservations as well as hailed taxis for us. They spoke excellent English and were always willing to help at any time. The beds were perfect. Everything was very clean. The smell was fresh and nice. Our room was closest to the street but we didn't even hear the sounds of the Shanghai traffic. The elements of color and design inside this hotel are very pleasing. The only thing we did not like was the restaurant at the hotel. Though they served us an excellent western breakfast in our room, the dinner the night before was very mediocre. The preparations were fine but the specific food combinations did not please my palate. If we go to Shanghai again, we would stay at the URBN.	
Oct 1 2008 	One in a million hotel	I've stayed in a thousand hotels, in 15 countries. I've never had a GM sit with me and my travel companion at breakfast twice to write out suggested place to visit and help us plan our travels.I've never had a hotel staff walk with me to local restaurant and help me order dinner in a restaurant that has no english menu.At truly unique experience. I will be shocked if i ever stay in a different hotel in Shanghai.	
Sep 28 2008 	will be back	just came back from a weekend at the Urbn hotel, got in after midnight from a delayed flight, the hotel whether in the day time or at night is quite a little oasis from the hustle/bustle of Shanghai, the courtyard dining area, check in area &amp; overall design of the public areas &amp; rooms are really nice/hipI liked my room's simple, stylish &amp; spacious design (didn't bring a camera this time), for a studio room I wasn't expecting much but the room was was really spacious (felt around 800 sq ft) well designed &amp; definitely green &amp; hip at the same timefood was healthy &amp; tasty, service was in general quite goodonly 2 reasons not a 5 /5 rating 1) booked a 2 hour in room massage, they use an outside company, and the masseur was 1/2 an hour late2) not the easiest place to get a cab, waited quite a bit on Sat (with myself &amp; a hotel staff on each side of the street)3) while a nice hotel for this price, this is not a luxurious hotel but nonetheless a nice hotelthis is the type of hotel I 'd come back to over &amp; over again (I liked the location &amp; know the area well, +I prefer smaller hotels with less rooms) and would recommend it to my friends, but for the rest of my friends/colleagues that are used to park hyatt type hotels this is not the hotel for themstill, I would come back, if for nothing else, their effort to be carbon neutral deserves kudos	
Aug 13 2008 	URBN - west truly meets east....	It is a very simple story. This is a first rate hotel. It is the only hotel that I have stayed in, in Shanghai where they actually serve a good coffee, which has a great steak, where the rooms are homely (though very cool and hip) without being too homely, where the staff are not automated big-hotel drones, where the building has a feel of Shanghai before the big towers went up, which is in a truly great location (not too close / not too far away), where you are compelled to drink in the private bar or rent out the penthouse and roof garden to drink away the night. It is without doubt a great place to stay, is striking and memorable.	
Aug 12 2008 	An oasis in Shanghai	What an amazing find, an oasis in the middle of busy bustling Shanghai, behind the impressive wooden gate is a hotel that is so inviting it could be your &quot;home away from home&quot;. The ambience is ideal and starts the minute you walk behind the gates. You are greeted by friendly staff in the garden that oozes tranquility and is ideal for a meal or a relaxing drink. The rooms are spacious and offer all the modern conveniences, I especially liked the Ipod stand, not to mention the heavenly bath or the beds that feel you like you are sleeping in a cloud. It's heaven!I would highly recommend this hotel not only for it's cutting edge design, excellent location and first class facilities but for it's concerns to the environment. It sure beats staying at one of those predictable, impersonal hotels!VERY IMPRESSIVE.	
Aug 5 2008 	Cool Oasis in Shanghai	I have been travelling to Shanghai for over 10 years and have never found a hotel that mixes style, convenience, an authentic experience and comfort - until I stayed at Urbn. Urbn first caught my eye for the fact that it is carbon neutral and I wasn’t disappointed. I stayed in June 2008 with my wife for a trip where I wanted to combine business and pleasure and found the fitout to be luxurious and hip, the staff were helpful and knowledgeable, the food in the restaurant was top notch and best of all, the rooms were the most spacious that I have ever stayed in. We especially liked the lounge area in our room, which you never get at those big chain hotels - where you always have to sit on the bed. Shanghai can be hectic at the best of times, so my wife and I really looked forward to getting back to the oasis of Urbnm with its garden and relaxed vibe. As soon as you walk through the large wooden gates, you instantly feel like you have entered your own secret hideaway in Shanghai. I highly recommend Urbn and will definitely be heading back there again!	
Aug 2 2008 	A great find in Shanghai!	We were amazed by Shanghai, if you are really into major world-class cities then this is a place you cannot miss, it's kind of a mixture between Hong Kong, Manhattan and Gotham City!Naturally though, the experience of a city is always meliorated by staying at a phenomenal hotel, and we are confident we have found one!If you are not interested in staying in one of the big chains and fancy something a little different and 'boutiquey' then Urbn is definitely the place to stay. As you enter through an enormous wooden door from the hustle bustle of the street, you really do enter an oasis of water fountains and palm trees, it's a peaceful and serene place - thankfully they only have 26 rooms so you are never going to be surrounded by hundreds of people. The hotel is, what can we say, stunning. You are greeted in the reception area by a wall of leather suitcases (sounds silly but it works) and the hotel is decked out entirely in slate and reclaimed mahogany. Our room was not only enormous but it came complete with an outdoor garden, it had all the amenities you would wish for including wireless internet and a speaker connection for your Ipod. Our room was superbly decorated without being over the top, so it was a great place to spend a few relaxing afternoons escaping from the overwhelming heat of July.The staff were excellent, very friendly and helpful and all smiles. We did not eat at the restaurant, but we managed to drink enough alcohol to kill a family of six as of the hidden gems of this hotel is a tiny private bar on the 4th floor. In the evening they play funky tunes and project kung fu films from the 1970s on the wall - so after dinner we would always end up here for a nightcap. The Food and Beverage manager is Australian and he takes pride in inventing delicious cocktails (such as a goji berry martini).We stayed for a total of 6 nights and didn't want to leave, which is rare as we are both quite picky about where we stay and also get bored rather easily, but this place was just fab. If you are visiting Shanghai you'd be mad not to stay there.	
Jul 15 2008 	Slickness meets Sleekness	I had just ended a long camping trip in the South of China, and arrived in Shanghai with no reservation. After this long trip, sleeping in tents and hostels, I craved a night or two of comfort.I researched a few of Shanghai's upscale hotels on the internet and decided to pass on the luxurious monstrosities. Instead, I found the URBN hotel, a new eco-friendly boutique establishment. Having enjoyed nature for the past couple weeks, I felt that a carbon-neutral hotel was appropriate for my next couple nights.An incredibly friendly, english-speaking staff checked me in to my even more-comfortable and incredibly designed room. Slick couches were built into the wall; my shower was huge and the bench inside made it perfect to just sit and soak. Everything was new, the smell was fresh. I just sat in my comfortable bed all night listening to music (the provide an ipod sound dock!) and watching a huge flat screen for the first time in months...I'm not typically a hotel blogger, but I have to give you a heads up on this one. If you do stay there, you will be sure to see the owners around the hotel. Make sure to ask them to check out the private bar!	
Jul 14 2008 	Style for Miles	I spent a weekend at URBN when it first opened in early 2008. In a fantastic location the design has created a special ambience for a stay in down town Shanghai. The rooms are spacious with an excellent design allowing an easy flow from bath to bed to living area. The amenities and services are A class. The retaurant has an excellent selection and the food is great. I wouldn't stay anywhere else when I visit Shanghai, it's got it all and behind the large front doors and high walls you hardly know you are in the centre of town.	
Jul 13 2008	Inner Beauty	The concept is well ahead of its time for China. Urbn is an Oasis in the dioxine desert of Shanghai! Beautiful interiors, well located, friendly bilingual staff. I think its probably got the most comfortable beds in the city too. But the Hotel's real inner beauty comes from them being carbon neutral - more of this please. Hopefully, we'll see them in Beijing and other cities too.	
Jul 12 2008 	URBNize ur life	Stayed at URBN hotel for a few days in the month of April and have been meaning to write a review for it. Stayed at a few hotels in Shanghai and all in all must say URBN hotel is definitely your choice if you are looking for a personalized and different experience in Shanghai. After several good nights rest in probably one of the most comfortable beds in town, I am rest assured knowing that my stay has left minimal impact on the environment. Its definitely the minor details that made my stay enjoyable, from the heated floors in the showers , the movable/rotating flat screen tv, to the high quality IPOD speaker dock, I can see that URBN went above and beyond and addressed all of your needs to ensure that you have a comfortable stay. The staff was always attentive and addressed you by your name and the restaurant with its nouveau Australian styled cuisine can be enjoyed at any hour of the day. Another plus was that when you step backed into your room, you have a view of the garden, a pair 100 year old magnolia trees and the Jing-an skyline to accompany u while u read and enjoy the quiet oasis that is rare in this hustling and bustling city of Shanghai.	
Jul 12 2008 	A hip and luxurious home-away-from home in Shanghai	I travel for business and pleasure more than half the year and, all together, have lived in hotels more than seven years of my life. This sort of lifestyle is either a good thing or a bad thing depending on where you get to stay. In Shanghai, cosmopolitan and sexy city that it is, finding the perfect hotel is surprisingly difficult. With the addition of URBN, an authentic, comfortable, and hip home-away-from-home is now part of the local hotel landscape.I stayed at URBN on a business trip for 10 days back in June shortly after they officially opened. The first thing that struck me about the hotel is how physically beautiful it is both inside and outside. It is quite simply a really handsome hotel. Unlike the other boutique hotels in Shanghai, URBN is built as part of the local environment, developed from the shell of an old warehouse/post office in the calm, leafy, residential neighborhood of Jing An. The materials used to renovate this unique location are also part of the local environment: rich, gleaming hardwoods and the characteristic slate gray Shanghai brick. The effect is striking, totally unique, and unusually comforting. All great qualities in a hotel, particularly in constantly frenetic Shanghai.Hidden away behind it's secret garden gate in a neighborhood filled with great restaurants, a DVD store right across the street, a hip new gym around the corner, and a short walk from the bling bling of Plaza 66 shopping, this is the perfect location for travelers wanting an uncompromising hotel experience with the authentic feel of actually living in Shanghai.The rooms are all extra large, designed to be one room suites, with a super-comfortable sunken seating area suitable for entertaining small groups of guests or for lounging around with your laptop or watching a DVD on the enourmous flat screen TV. I took a tour of the hotel and found that all of the rooms are great value for the money, much larger than the average in Shanghai. For a bit more, you can have a rooftop duplex suite complete with wet bar or a room with an ensuite terrace overlooking the garden fountain and a separate private hot tub complete with it's own TV (I think this is Room 8 ;-).Room service and the restaurant are great, especially for people who appreciate healthy food. I ate there almost everyday sometimes two meals per day and never got tired of the menu. The staff are friendly and helpful and contribute to the feeling of staying at a private club or someone's ultra-luxurious home.The hotel also offers unique services that bring different elements of Shanghai in from the surrounding city, like Chinese lessons, tai chi classes, a guest membership at the hip gym around the corner, and other similar unique experiences. Together with the hotel's location and design, these unique touches all add up to making one feel like a hip local rather than just another visiting tourist to Shanghai. As a hybrid business-pleasure traveler, I've always struggled with the compromise between staying at business class hotels with all their services and amenities and the rewardingly unique experience of boutique properties. I think URBN sets a new standard in this category, carefully selecting services without compromise and delivering them in a way that feels totally personal.	
Jul 11 2008 	Sensational on all levels	URBn Hotel,A little piece of serenity in a hectic city. Central to the hub and pulse of the city, the hotel interior and design was amazing and the rooms are like nothing i have ever experienced before. The staff are super friendly, help ful and informative. Loved the restaurant down stairs. I recommend this hotel for any traveller looking for a unique, friendly and great value hotel in Shanghai, Definitely be coming back to stay and will recommend to all travellers passing through.Well done GUYS!!Andy HannaganAustralia	
Jul 9 2008 	The real thing	URBN was a great place to stay - small, personal, private, cool, and giving you a peek into the &quot;real&quot; Shanghai ... all while being hip and luxurious. Great location, I highly recommend it.	
Mar 11 2008 	Peaceful Stay at URBN	I'm an american expat living in Shanghai and walk past this very interesting boutique hotel everyday since it opened on my way home. I saw online that it was offering &quot;soft opening&quot; rates, so my husband and I decided to check it out and have a romantic night &quot;away&quot;.I find it very exciting because it is the first carbon neutral hotel in China. Once you've set foot in the entrance, the entire setting of the hotel makes you feel like you've been transported away from downtown Shanghai. (which trust me, is hard to do) They've reused wood to create this bamboo forest-esque atmosphere. It's all very zen-like and very peaceful.The rooms are very unique - they all feature HUGE beds, sunken bathtubs (in the bedroom!) and beautiful sunken living/lounge. Even though it's all very peaceful and zen like they don't skimp on high technology. They have flat screen TV's, wireless, and DVD players and some rooms also have ipod docking stations (i think). However this isn't a hotel for a business traveler, there isn't the traditional desk or table in the room, just the long sofa. The rooms are beautiful though, featuring all reused wood and stone from Shanghai buildings that have been torn down. Since I did stay during the soft opening, the staff wasn't quite at the top of their game. We did order room service and it took them a couple of times to understand my order in english. Also when we checked in it took them awhile to get everything organized. I assume these things will have been perfected for the actual opening of the hotel. All in all I would certainly suggest this to anyone coming to town looking for a high end boutique hotel to stay in. It has so much more personality than any of the chain hotels in Shanghai for the same price. Beautiful hotel with a great concept (carbon neutral)!	
Aug 7 2009 	Acojedor y fabuloso		
Jan 9 2009	?????????????		
