Nov 4 2009 	top stay	great hotel, good location, highly recommended for a stay in shanghai(and don't forget to check out lounge 18 on the bund)	
Nov 1 2009 	The details really make the difference	We'd booked a studio at JIA for three nights as part of a trip round China. The hotel is a bit tricky to find, but get a good map and you'll be ok. It's right by West Nanjing Road metro station and that's how we got there from the airport, after a ride on Shanghai's superfast maglev train (recommended).From the moment we arrived at the hotel we were made to feel welcome. Checking in took minutes and then we were shown our studio on the fifth floor.The room was compact but beautifully designed. This isn't a hotel that pays lip-service to the idea of design. From the well thought out bathroom to the multi-region plugs, entertainment system, cleverly integrated kitchenette and countless other details, you can tell that someone's spent a serious amount of time designing the room to look great and function well as a place to stay.Oh - the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom toiletries really nice. And the free broadband is really fast and reliable.We did, however, have one major problem. Shortly after we checked in, we noticed a strange, drain-like smell. I'm not sure where this was coming from; possibly from the air-con unit or the kitchenette extractor fan. We put up with it on the first night, but when it didn't get any better, complained to the front desk.They responded admirably, checking out the smell then moving us to a suite (no other studios were available). I can safely say the enormous suite was the most impressive hotel room I've every stayed in, with a huge living area and lovely stone balcony. I assume the problem itself was a one-off - and we really appreciated the excellent service to get it sorted quickly.There are lots of other nice touches at this hotel too. The complimentary afternoon tea and cake and evening drinks in the lobby are a good way to start your evening in Shanghai. And the breakfast is fantastic; we were expected a buffet but it's actually now a full waiter service breakfast cooked to a really high standard.Location? You're moments from a metro stop and there are lots of posh shops and restaurants around. For something more down to earth, hit the food street round the corner and try Yang's Dumplings in particular. They're something of a local institution, so someone will point you the way.The bad points? Well, there was no information about the hotel in either of the rooms we stayed in. I think they want you to call reception for information on everything from room service to check out time, but a bit of information to hand would've been useful.And obviously, there was the issue we had with our first room. But really, that's it for negatives. Assuming the issue we had was a one-off, I honestly don't see how you could do better with a hotel in Shanghai.	
Oct 10 2009 	Wonderful hotel	In a lovely 1920's building right on Nanjing Road West.Perfect front desk staff. Helpful, warm, charming service.Lobby is cute, slightly crazy on the air con (but that's China, they keep it on 18C if you are lucky). Room was great, with a very handy and beautiful carrara marble kithchenette.Perfect bathroom. Towels could be better though. Bit worn out.Decor is simple and minimal, yet warm and welcoming.Issimo Restaurant is AMAZING, some of the best italian food I have ever had. Pizza is fantastic (I'm italian and obsessed with pizza).Delivered to your room if you fancy. Room service is amazing, comes from Issimo, same menu.Breakfast is good, but could improve on service and buffet selection. Eggs are amazing though, served with grilled asparagus. Coffee is amazing (Illy).I just loved this hotel.	
Sep 29 2009 	Gorgeous hotel great breakfast our room stylish but a little small	Jia was a fabulous based to explore Shanghai. Stylish small hotel with excellent service and a really good feel. Our room was lovely but a little small. Other than that, only positive things. Breakfast is excellent (the rye pancakes especially). The afternoon snacks and evening drinks a real bonus. The service was fantastic. Good gym with washing machine and dryer which is very helpful.	
Sep 23 2009 	A Shanghai Paradise	If you're going to Shanghai then the Jia is it. Huge comfy beds, Hip Hotel decor, great staff, complimentary breakfast in the coolest of dining rooms, complimentary afternoon tea and evening wine,beer and softdrink in the bar.The location is perfect just off Nanjing road- walk to pretty much all the shopping you want.... copy markets 3 blocks away, a piazza with Starbucks, Wagam (italian food if you need a western hit), bakeries and at the end the best street food laneway. Yangs dumplings were the best..... always a queue. The traditional Shanghai soup dumplings 4 for 5 RMB. Further on giant oysters on the BBQ with garlic tomato and a touch of chilli were a steal at 5 RMB each.The Hotel was perfect in every way.Staff friendly,efficient and always incredibly helpful and I could easily have moved in forever. Thanks Jia.	
Sep 1 2009 	Return stay-enjoyed the hotel more the second time!	We have just returned from a trip to Vietnam and Shanghai and spent the last 6 nights of our trip in a balcony suite on the 6th floor of the Jia Shanghai. We had stayed at the hotel in June but this time returned with our family and upgraded the room type to the balcony suite.This is one cool hotel, the lobby music, the furnishings, the guests, the service-all top notch.Jia mean home, so I am told, and this hotel lives up, quite exceptionally, to its name. Our suite had a full kitchenette, 2 baths, surround sound, 2 flat screens, balcony, great gadgetry including i-pod connection to surround sound, plus a 5 star restaurant quality cooked to order breakfast each day. The hotel has a downstairs reading room, with fully stocked refrigerator where non-alcoholic drinks and espresso's are available 24/7. We rather took advantage of the available Pelligrino, Illy Coffee espressos and cappuccinos and juices at all hours, since we kept a strange work/sleep schedule on the last leg of a 15 day trip. The hotel also has quite a good happy hour with delicious olives and nuts, but we stuck to the n/a beverages by choice.The only downsides were that the hotel has no rollaways for children and there in no nightly turndown service(perhaps understaffed during low season?). Otherwise the location, hotel, service are hard to beat in Shanghai at any price.I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone coming to Shanghai.	
Aug 22 2009 	Top 10	I have probably slept in 1000+ beds round the word. Hotels, Motels, friends houses, B&amp;B's, sleeping bags and the back seat of a few cars....The JIA is now one on my 10 ten places to stay in the world. Something different, fantastic interior design with a great staff supporting this unique concept.I stayed in the 1 bedroom suite and would recommend it to anyone, my Mom or the Sultan of Brunei. Downright cool.Two things that need work. - The huge, hi-tech TV has what it seems only 5 channels.... and the late night room service is weak, no noodles or rice in Shanghai?I'll be back ! ! !	
Jul 27 2009 	Wonderful	Nice hotel sits in a traditional building. Location is ok given steps from subway station. Room decoration was stylish.If you interst to try some local style.. you can have your breakfast close by. It cost us ~USD2/person only.	
Jul 25 2009 	There's no place like JIA.	Where do I even begin? Like the previous reviews mentioned, JIA is a home away from home – a discreet location so removed from the hustle and bustle (but conveniently located and otherwise connected) and a fantastic retreat. It’s centrally-located on Nanjing West Road, within a 30-second walk from the Nanjing West Road Subway Exit number 2. It’s right around the corner from Wujiang street, which on one end has many trendy chain restaurants, and on another end is more of a night-market-esque “Xiaochi Jie” where Mr. Yang’s dumplings can be found. However, when I first arrived, I couldn’t even find the hotel’s entrance – it’s just two doors with “JIA” written next to it – no bellmen standing outside or giant awning. That’s the theme with JIA – you have to know what you’re looking for in order to find it.Step inside, and two staff members are dressed to the nines in form-fitting black outfits, tapping away behind a sleek Macbook. Everything about the check-in process was quick and slick – they present you with an unmarked white plastic key that you must scan in order to call an elevator. Walk down dimly-lit halls and step inside an inviting Studio room – complete with its own stove, microwave, refrigerator, flat-screen TV. There are pots and pans to cook with, as well as blue china, chopsticks, and utensils to serve it on. The wallpaper has portraits of Chairman Mao in it, and in one set of drawers, there’s the Chinese version of Monopoly, Chinese Checkers, and an English translation of The Little Red Book. It’s all in the details!The King bed was comfy, and there was also a small sitting area with a large couch, a table, and a floral-embroidered ottoman. Bathroom included a very deep bathtub, “rain” shower, and jasmine/tea-scented toiletries. The staff was extraordinarily attentive, bringing ice, extra sheets, etc. within minutes, and making dinner reservations for me as well. It’s as though they could anticipate what I wanted. (On my last day, I called to find out when checkout was. The staff member replied, “It’s at 12:00 – would you like to schedule a later checkout?).Continental breakfast was simple, yet satisfying – an ample selection of breads, cheeses, yogurt with fruit compotes, fruits, and juices. Other complimentary “treats” include afternoon tea, where there’s always a new sweet treat as well as coffee, tea, and unlimited soft drinks. From 6-8pm, there’s free wine in the lobby, as well. Definitely hit it up if you have the time, and don’t forget to leaf through some of the unique coffee table books they have. The conference room/business area includes two computer rooms with sleek iMacs and huge monitors.Two days in, a friend upgraded us from the Studio to the Balcony Suite – and oh, how sweet it was! The sitting area is massive, and has a fully-stocked bar with its own martini shaker, bottle opener, measuring cup, six shot glasses, and other tumblers. The balcony looks onto Nanjing West Road, and you can see interestingly-lit buildings at night. There’s even a small table and two bar stools, if you want to you’re your party outside. There are speakers in the ceilings in both the sitting room and bedroom, and if you’re even slightly tech-savvy, it’s easy take advantage of the different cords to connect your computer or iPod and blast your party music in the space. The suite also includes a powder room in addition to the regular bathroom.Essentially, imagine a hotel that’s both unbelievably trendy, but also back-breakingly accommodating, and you’ve got JIA. You can even giggle about it on the way out, and the staff will still indulge you. Book online, as rates there are extremely affordable. Ah, JIA, sweet JIA.	
Jul 11 2009 	Amazing	Stayed at JIA, a very trendy, classy hotel. The decor, cleanliness, staff were all world class. Loved the breakfast and the toiletries.	
Jun 22 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Fantastic Hotel. Service exceptional, great location within walking distance of the high end brand name shopping mall. 1 min to Nanjing road west line 2 underground. 10 mins in Taxi to the French concession.I could not recommend this hotel more. Rooms felt like a home from home not your usual corporate copy cat rooms.Breakfast was great with freshly cooked eggs to order. The best part was the free wine and beer every night 6pm - 8pm. A fantastic way to unwind after a hectic day shopping and sightseeing.Only downside to our stay was the constuction site that used to be the bund. Don't bother until Expo 2010 or you will be very disaponted.	
Jun 15 2009 	Impeccable Service	We stayed two nights at JIA and truly enjoyed our stay. The hotel has a beautiful design and nice spacious rooms. In particular the service was impeccable. The staff was very friendly and it made for a relaxing experience that there were sparkling water and softdrinks offered without charged throughout the day. In the evening JIA offers wine, olives and almonds, so we often relaxed in the lounge with a glass of wine before heading out for dinner. We also stayed two nights at URBN, and very much enjoyed our stay at both hotels. If we are to return to Shanghai we would probably spend all nights at URBN due primarily to the enchanting courtyard that URBN has. The service at JIA was, however, better and whereas URBN added many extra expenses to the final bill everything was included in the daily rate at JIA.	
May 31 2009 	Stunning!	This is a great option when staying in Shanghai as it is very well located, excellent value and a stunning and stylish environment. It is rather more like staying in ones own designer apartment than in an hotel. Rooms are spacious and comfortable, with a ‘kitchenette’ area, fabulous bathrooms and free WiFi. Good sound-proofing, superior bed linens, (although rather less great toweling) and lovely toiletries. There was no turn down service but free soft refreshments throughout the day and good free wines available between 6pm – 8pm ( although I did not receive the advertised Veuve Cliquot on arrival!) For me, after two weeks travelling in China, the free in-house laundry facility was of great benefit (even washing powder provided). The restaurant, Issimo, was most enjoyable both for a lunch and also for a very good breakfast. Restaurant staff in particular were very friendly and the food was of a high standard. I would certainly stay here again and highly recommend it.	
May 27 2009 	Really nice boutique hotel...	The hotel was modern and clean and very well decorated in a modern and comfortable style. The room was big and had a king size bed which was lovely. The bathroom was modern and had a separate walk in shower and bath with nice quality toiletries. There was a tea pot and kettle in the room to make green/ jasmine tea which I liked.I had room service when I first arrived as I was jet lagged and this was efficiently dealt with, arrived when they said it would and was very nice. I had breakfast there too which again was good. although the service for eggs was too slow and I had to leave to get to my meeting before it arrived (which was hardly the end of the world!).There was a small but functional fitness centre which I used most days. There was free unlimited water available for drinking and cleaning teeth (and making jasmine tea) and in the lobby at night there was free wine put on for guests which was a nice touch.There was also free broadband in my room which came in handy.Staff were friendly, helpful and efficient and I checked in and out in no time at all with no problems.I don't enjoy business trips much but really enjoyed my stay, it was luxurious and spacious and had enough creature comforts to feel homely - I slept better than usual as a result. I'll be staying there again when I'm in Shanghai again later this year.	
May 21 2009 	A Winner	What a great hotel - really good bedrooms, very useful foyer which is for guests only, good restaurant, great brekky, I could go on. Service beyong reproach, central location, but it could be hard to find, and the beds only had doonas (duvets) and offered no blankets which means you are too hot often in their warm climate. Shanghai itself , very clean , safe and interesting city prepping itself dor EXPO 2010	
Apr 14 2009	Exceptionnal design... no service...	Such a disappointement and especially when you see how Jia is beautiful, maybe the most incredible design i've seen in a city hotel. Every detail in the lobby, in the restaurant or in your spacious room or suite is simply crazily trendy and superb. I could even say that Jia is the nicest city hotel in the world but there is a problem: service...First of all, when you arrive in an hotel where you pay around 200 Eur per night, at least, you can expect a bit of help when you left the taxi with a lot of baggage, you expect a smile, a staff happy to welcome you in the best adress of Shanghai but it wasn't the case and we were so disappointed.Moreover, they had forgotten the welcome drink and some other details offered during the reservation procedure.Fortunately, i've informed the manager and he took the problem in hands and in the evening, the staff was already nicer and almost all the problems were solved but still, there is no turn down service. However, to apologize, the GM offered me one night free of the two nights of the stay and it's a nice gesture but i wish to find a five stars service when i'll choose again Jia cause i'll choose again this design hotel.However, i still highly recommand Jia for its perfect location in the middle of Nanjing rd, the heart of the city; for its yummy italian restaurant where you'll eat a delicious food in the most trendy and cool atmosphere; for the very comfy and large rooms and finally for this design, just unique, everywhere in the hotel....I'm sure Jia deserves more than three points but at this stage, i can't give more due to the service...	
Mar 23 2009 	Almost perfect stay! They have done their lessons!	Though we were not quite happy with our stay in Jia last year, we have still decided to stay at Jia during our 10 days Shanghai visit, mostly because of the perfect location. But what should I say, I was really impressed! All this small irritating things we niticed last time are gone! The service was much better, almost perfect. The rooms and lobby are stylish and nice, as they used to be. The reception staff is very efficient and helpful, The breakfast is now served upstairs in the restaurant and is much much better as before. They still serve caffee, tee and soft drinks in the lobby throughout a day, and there is still a happy hour with wine, which is gerat and unique! We have tried the italian restaurant once, which was pretty good. The place seems to be in, since the restaurant was pretty full. The bar is also nice, but they could arrange a couple of tables more. So in the whole, we felt really at home in Jia and would not hesitate to stay there next time again.	
Jan 3 2009 	Without question this hotel is impressive	We had originally picked the newer URBN hotel over JIA due to the hype URBN was receiving at the time - however with another two nights of our break to fill we decided to move to JIA for a change of scenery. I think moving to JIA was the best decision we made on our six week break. This hotel was an oasis in Shanghai and for those who appreciate quality and can discern true style this is where you need to stay. The lobby is both calming and cool - the complimentary afternoon tea and evening drinks in the bar are exceptional - particularly in Shanghai where even a coffee is expensive by western standards. The restaurant offers great value western style (italian mostly) cuisine - a set meal was about AUS$25. We currently live in a Philippe Starck designed apartment building and am familiar with his style - if you appreciate this and you appreciate deisgner finishes then this is the place to stay - LCD tvs, marble kitchenette, floor to ceiling gold Bisazza mosaics in the bathroom, Philippe Starck designed porcelain products, polished wood floors, thick wool rugs - exceptional quality from end to end. There has really been some money spent building this hotel and was worth every dollar I paid to stay here. The hotel manager was visible most of the time and was often seen chatting to guests and giving guidance to anyone unfamiliar with Shanghai. Avoid the rest and stay here.	
Dec 14 2008 	Boutique Chique in Shanghai-Loved it!	What a change to stay in a lovely small, unique, ubercool, hip biz hotel. Bang in the centre of Nanjing Road, quaint decor, outstanding crisp linened bed, amazing shower. Nice continental breakfast, albeit a bit strange to sit in a bar to have cereal!Loved the small touches, very helpful and friendly staff , who knew just about all that u wanted to ask for, resturants, parks, shopping etc.Funky gym, could do with a lap pool. Only down side of my room was no view!	
Nov 29 2008 	What a great hotel - the only place to stay in Shanghai	We fell in love with the Jia hotel in Hong Kong when we stayed there a few years ago, &amp; we were very excited when we heard that the same parent company planned to open a Jia in Shanghai. There was never any doubt that we would try out Jia in Shanghai as soon as we had the chance.We weren't disappointed. Jia is an uber-stylish and incredibly chic hotel right in the heart of Shanghai.The good* It's so stylish it hurts. Everything about this place just screams cool. Check out the photos on this site or on the hotel site. It's great!* The rooms are big and very comfortable. I slept very soundly thanks to black out curtains &amp; a very comfortable bed. Quality of linen was good, bed was not too hard or soft &amp; pillows were downy &amp; soft.* Air conditioning efficient &amp; quiet* The bathroom is big &amp; beautiful. The Bisazza tiling is fabulous. Excellent quality toiletries.* Every room has a kitchenette as well as comfortable sitting area (Jia means home, so the rooms are designed as your home away from home).* Free internet in the room.* Very well equipped gym.* Complimentary glass of Veuve Cliquot or cocktail on check-in.* Complimentary refreshments all day - soft drinks &amp; water all day, wine in the evening, coffee &amp; cake in the afternoon.* Fantastic location right on Nanjing Road.* Great Italian restaurant in-house.* Very good service from the staff on the front desk.The bad* [Temporary Problem] Construction next door can be noisy if you end up with the wrong room.* Toiletries were not replaced during a 4 day stay &amp; we had to ask for new shower gel.* Breakfast was only average. Continental breakfast is included in the room rate &amp; the selection is slim. Extensive menu of breakfast items available.* Breakfast is served in the bar area &amp; it can be crowded...Having stayed in numerous hotels in Shanghai, this is far &amp; away my favourite. Maybe not ideal if you love a business hotel with an extensive buffet breakfast &amp; complete business facilities, but if you want a stylish hotel in the heart of Shanghai, you can't do better than Jia!	
Nov 12 2008 	Didn't want to leave	Stayed at the Jia Shanghai for 5 nights, and absolutely loved it.It is a great boutique hotel, with all the right touches. Beautiful rooms, wonderful decor (love the Tom Dixon lights) and great service.Beds are super comfortable and the bathrooms are pretty special. Gorgeous bisazza tiles and lovely bathroom products.Loved the little touches like cakes in the afternoon, and complimentary wine and champers in the evenng at the bar. In a city where a dodgy Australian white can cost over $100, the fact we could have a lovely prosecco in the evening before going out was fantastic.Great location on West Nanjing Rd. Plus it is right next to Wujiang food street, where the famous Yang's Fry Dumplings is - the best dumplings in Shanghai and a fabulous 'local' experience. The French Concession area is also within walking distance.I can't rave enough about this place. Would stay there again on my next trip to Shanghai.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great Boutique hotel	I recently stayed at the JIA Shanghai and was very impressed by it. I have previously stayed at the JW Marriott and Ritz Carlton and this hotel compared vary favourably.The room was a great size with a very comfortable bed and I liked the fact that the stereo was set up so that I could play my ipod through it.The service was very good and whilst I didn't eat at the restaurant I did have a drink at the bar, which for a Tuesday night was pretty lively and fun.My only complaint relates to the room service, or to be precise, lack of. I was able to order food from outside and charge to my room but wasn't as convenient.I would certainly stay here again and would happily recommend.	
Sep 17 2008 	LOVED IT!	We stayed here for four nights, and thoroughly enjoyed it. Its location was very convenient to the West Nanjing underground station (literally one minute away) which was very useful to get around. The location was also quiet which was good.We had a standard room but it was very spacious. We loved the entertainment system and large LG TV!!! We also enjoyed the small things like the fresh apples and lollies as well. The complimentary breakfasts were nice, with fresh croissants and a choice of cereals among the selection. We also liked the free drinks, and the afternoon tea sessions. The complimentary glass of wine/champers were also a nice touch.The front desk were always helpful and friendly, and spoke good English.There are probably cheaper hotels around, but for quality and service Jia were superb.NOTE - we would recommend going down the street from the JIA to the cheap food street, fantastic street food to be eaten at very cheap prices - dumplings aplenty!!!!	
Sep 7 2008 	Nice but really over priced	For the first time I have decided to say goodbye to Ritz Carlton, Four Seasons etc...in Shanghai to try the famous Jia Hotel.It is nice but really OVER PRICED.A room is a room ! If you pay more, it's for the service you are going to receive. JIA can not give you the service that you are expected for this price.I will not return	
Jun 21 2008 	110% Perfect	I have never written a review before, but feel compelled after spending 4 incrediblenights in what I would consider one of the world's finest boutique hotels. Jiareally does feel like an opulent home rather than a hotel.I contacted the hotel directly and got a much cheaper rate for the suite thanbooking through the hotel website. I mentioned it was my husband's birthday and thenon arrival we were upgraded to a Penthouse suite which can only be described asbreathtaking and the bathroom was huge and luxurious. In the penthouse waiting forus, was a bottel of French Champagne and a fruit platter. After our long flight, thebed felt like a cloud. Prior to arrival I had organised with concierge to book some restaurants andtransfers. All of which were done so without a problem.The Penthouse, breakfast area and bar (we loved complimentary afternoon tea andevening drinks) were all immaculate and every staff member we came across veryfriendly and willing to go out of their way to make your stay as memorable aspossible. Their English was reasonable too- better than expected. I wouldn't even consider staying elsewhere next time we're in Shanghai. Even theposition was perfect.	
May 27 2008 	Style but no substance	i stayed at Jia in may 08 for a weekend.... Having stayed at top hotels around the world (Mandarin, Ritz, Aman Resorts, etc), i found the experience to be over priced and very very average. Here are some problems with Jia .1) No basic amenities - the whole point of staying at a smaller exclusive boutique hotel (as opposed to the Ritz Carltons / Marriott's of this world), is so that you can expect more personalised experience that boutique hotels are known for. - Well... for starters... if you wake up late and miss the normal lunch hour (i.e., after 2.30PM)... and need a meal... then you either need to walk out to the main street to find one... or use their &quot;Unique home delivery service&quot; which caters from outside restaurants and will reach you in a hour+. ... OR... as the reception told me.. i can eat instaht noodles provided in the pantry.. that i have to make myself... that they will charge me hotel prices for.... OK... where's the personal touch in that? - For a hotel that's priced on the high side... i think this is not acceptable. I understand that they might not be able to run a full service kitchen all day.. but given that this is a boutique hotel that's sold on its personalised experience, it should offer maybe a small menu in off peak hotels... but done really really well. - You can't even get room service coffee. - And...... the only restaurant in the hotel is closed on Sundays.... er... of all days to close a restaurant.. why would anyone pick Sundays.... ??? in the end, i had to take a taxi to the Portman Ritz a few blocks away to get myself a meal.Other than that... the decor was not bad... and staff were OK.	
May 23 2008 	Incredible Oasis	The Jia is an incredible treat and I would highly recommend for those looking for a quiet &quot;boutique&quot; experience instead of a large 5 star hotel.The design is contemporary, warm and stylish.I felt extremely &quot;comfortable&quot; and &quot;relaxed&quot; which is rare when you are dealing with the hussle and bussle of Shanghai.My only complaint is that the morning breakfast buffet is a little lacking when it comes to it's &quot;protein&quot; content.	
Mar 19 2008	One of the best hotels in the world	I had the pleasure of staying at the Jia Shanghai for 5 days in early March. It was the tail end of a very hectic business trip and I had planned 5 days for my first stay in the stunning city of Shanghai. Several friends who lived in Shanghai had recommended a number of high end hotels in the French Concession - although they looked nice when I was touring in the area, I can definitely say that my choice to stay at the Jia was definitely the correct one.I had thought I had booked a car to pick me up but on review had forgotten to confirm this. When I called the hotel, the offered to give the cab driver directions - which they did without problems. On my arrival (around 11pm) they rapidly checked me in and wisked me up to my room. The room, a standard studio, was very spacious and incredibly stylish. They clearly had thought of everything - although it was very simply furnishes everything was incredibly comfortable and functional. The king bed was one of the most comfortable I have slept in at a hotel with fluffy down pillows. The toiletries are amazing as well (ginger-jasmine sent which was beautiful esp for the flawless rainshower).There is a simple kitchen which came in handy. The free wifi is unique. The lobby is beautifully decorated with a beautiful bar/breakfast room. Although the breakfast is simple (I think people expect a continental breakfast to be a lot more) - plenty of fresh fruit, breads and pasteries (excellent by Asian standards), and great coffee. There are non-alcoholic drinks and coffee available throughtout the day for free - another major plus (soda and pelligrino for free - a very nice touch). Defnitely geared to a more western crowd.The location was prime - practically on top of the Nanjing West subway station with lots of cabs. Its also a quiet and nice location with the main food street just a block away. The staff were incredibly helpful and wrote the name of any location I needed throughout the day to make cab travel a breeze.In my mind, there is no other alternative to the Jia when staying in Shanghai - a truely magical place that is functional, stylish, and comfortable. It truly is a home away from home!	
Oct 4 2007	Very cool new place to be in Shanghai	New JIA in Shanghai is fantastic!! the rooms are amazing and so stylish, the attention to detail on the design has taken some serious thought, everything you need, you have!even a little kitchen!The lobby is breathtakingly cool and is like walking into an art gallery! The staff are attentive and are always there to open the door for you when you arrive.In the rooms all the lighting is digitally programmed for moods and effects, with blue led switches, you get a great big LCD tv in every room, and 2 in the suites! you can plug your laptop into the desk , which allows your personal music to play in every room in you suite - great soundsystem too! free wireless broadband, which is nice considering most of the 5 star hotels in China still insist on charging!The location is perfect, right opposite one of my favourite malls, Citic plaza. Also within walking distance to the rip-off plaza 66 - if you really need a Prada fix!The restaurant isn't open yet , but if HK Jia is anything to go by its going to be fantastic! Currently they are running home delivery service from the local restaurants of your choice which was a great idea and my room was so nice (corner suite) I decided to stay in and have take out japanese delivered and watch tv instead of going out one night!the bathrooms are minimal and the fittings are super high quality, lovely slate flooring in the whole bathroom..I have stayed in the Shangri-la, the Hilton, Portman ritz carlton, The Westin, and more I have to say JIA beats them all!!!- I will always return for my Shanghai trips! it feels much more of a home than a hotel ! thanks JIA!	
Aug 29 2009 	Nice!		
Sep 23 2008 	Decevant		
