Apr 2 2008	Unscrupulous Management!	BEWARE WHEN BOOKING DIRECT WITH HOTEL!!! MANAGEMENT IS UNSCRUPULOUS! DO NOT DIVULGE YOUR CREDIT CARD DETAILS TO THEM! We had to turn back from Llhasa due to the riots and found ourselves in Shanghai. We called Old House Inn on the day we arrived (Friday) to check if they had any last minute rooms available for Friday to Sunday. After being informed that the hotel was fully booked for Friday, the receptionist Nicky said she would get back on availability for Sat and Sun as somebody may be cancelling his booking. We then made arrangements to stay with a friend when she called back (Friday evening) and said they had a room available for both nights but that we would have to change rooms. I made the mistake of giving the hotel my credit card details as a guarantee, thinking that it was a reputable place from all the reviews I read on the internet. On Saturday morning, however, we thought that we might as well stay put at our friend’s place and called to check if we could cancel our reservation. We were told that it was not a problem and that I would not be charged for it. On Monday afternoon, however, as we were waiting for our flight back to Singapore, I received a call from the hotel, “a courtesy call to inform you that we will be charging you a full night’s rate for your cancellation”. That was certainly all the courtesy I received from them, having had the phone slammed down on me when I tried to explain that I was told earlier that there would be no cancellation fee. Upon reaching home, I called my credit card company to check if there was a charge made by Old House Inn, or a hotel in Shanghai, on or after Mar24. No, I was informed and told not to worry since I did not give the hotel the security number on my credit card. When I received my credit card bill, needless to say, I was shocked to find a charge of RMB1030 on Mar24 to, not the Old House Inn, but to Laoshiguang Restaurant! My credit card company now says that the money has been paid to them and it is up to the hotel whether they want to give me a refund, especially since everything was done over the phone. The hotel apparently has phone records, which they quote in support of their argument, but when I asked them to check on the second call I made they seem to have no record or memory of it. It is one thing to be charged a cancellation fee, and another to be told that there would be no charge and to later be charged the full room rate for “no show” and to be told by the hotel manager I have no choice about the matter!	
Jan 6 2008	Lovely and peaceful hotel and neighbourhood	A very private, calm and peaceful house with excellent exterior and interior design. The service is personal, helpful and warm. Two minutes walk across Chashu Road, there are lovely restaurants and bars. Walking inside the small streets away from the main road near the restaurants will lead you to some very interesting residential house built around 1920. Ten minutes walk to Jing An Park and Temple, best visited in the earlymorning around 7:30 a.m. Walking around Jing An Temple will let you see many nice building of 1920's - one of the best experience for my visit in Shanghai.	
Jul 8 2007 	Great Litlle Boutique Hotel	We wanted an alternative to the megachain hotels, and our first choice (Hotel No. 9) was booked,so our agent found this. We loved the antiques, the charm, etc. We had a large room on the second floor with a King size bed - and yes, the traditional cement mattress. I guess you'd have to stay at the Sheraton for a softer one....We had adequate air conditioning, the bathroom was big and clean, and we liked the breakfasts, tho we also sometimes ordered a ala carte for something heartier. Didn't eat at the restaurant since there's so much available in Shanghai, but it was pleasant.The staff were very friendly, there's a computer near the front desk for free internet, and we could walk to the french quarter. All in all,a good alternative to staying at a hotel where you could be in any city in the world.....this is definitely a Shanghai experience.	
Mar 13 2007 	Hip in old-skool style	Had a great stay at this hotel. The rooms were big and had great interior design. The service was also excellent and the staff was very friendly and accomodating.The hotel restaurant was also very interesting. It was very modern and hip, a stark contrast from the supposed-Chinese-inn atmosphere of the hotel. Food was delicious, although the free breakfast got boring on the 3rd day. Same menu every day. Location was great too. It is right by many little shops, bakeries, and the train station. Taxis are easily accessible too. One thing to note. If you are expecting a totally Chinese traditional inn experience, you might be a little disappointed. Don't expect too much.	
Dec 27 2006 	Great Boutique Hotel	Quickly:- Boutique hotel- GREAT restaurant attached- Spotless very sparely, but chic-ly decorated rooms- 12 minute taxi ride to The Bund- Staff driver who will pick you up and organize day tripsIt's called the Old House Inn because it's in a very cool OLD HOUSE. If you're looking for a non-corporate and more charming place to stay in Shanghai, stay here. I think they have about 20ish rooms all of which are spotless with chocolate wooden floors, antique furniture and good [firm] beds. Over the course of ten days, I stayed in two different rooms. Room 201 is large, has a very comfortable queen bed and a few tables. It also has two french door windows that open to a balcony that overlooks the [very tasty] restaurant attached to the property - A Future Perfect [where you eat your basic breakfast]. This restaurant has a great covered patio and serves excellent martinis. I eventually moved to the 3rd floor to a very cozy room with a slanted ceiling which I nicknamed the Anne Frank room. I was alone and so it seriously didn't matter. I loved this place. It was very easy to stay in and the staff wrote all my destinations down before hopping into a taxi. There is no common room or computer for guests [although I believe the rooms have wireless access]. You can hang in the restaurant/bar if you need some social interaction.	
Sep 5 2006 	Great location shame about the breakfast	This hotel was highly recommended as a gem in Shanghai, and while I can't quite agree that it's what Shanghai needs more of, it is a unique experience. I was travelling on business and stayed for 5 nights.I arranged a pick-up service from Pudong airport, but they weren't waiting for me when I arrived. I phoned the hotel to tell them, but their English isn't great, so I wasn't entirely convinced they would sort it. The driver arrived about 15 minutes later.The hotel is located just down off the main road, and initially I was put off by the location as it looks a bit dirty, but that's nothing to worry about. Reception could do with sprucing up, but otherwise is fine. I was initially in room 303 on the top floor, which has a sloping ceiling, so I didn't get a full four-poster bed as seen on their website. It had a nice bath-tub, but with the sloping ceiling, it wasn't the best shower in the world. I changed rooms to the one next door no problem and had the nice four-poster and a shower cubicle I could stand up in! There is a really fast and FREE internet connection in the rooms - just don't forget your laptop. Beds are surprisingly comfortable despite being very firm by British standards.The restaurant is where you have breakfast, and they have a bizarre system where you have to get a card from reception to give to the waiting staff. Breakfast consists of four thick slices of white toast, boiled egg, coffee or tea and orange juice. It's a O way to start the day, but not very traditional. You can buy other options, and I thoroughly recommend their museli - it comes with lashings of fesh fruit and yoghurt and costs a reasonable price.The staff at the reception desk are extremely helpful and very personable. They understand more than they speak, and will write down addresses in Chinese characters for you.Overall, it is a good stay in this hotel if you're looking for something other than the usual corporate hotel experience.	
Jul 10 2006	Good location - so-so accomodation	Located in the middle of the French Concession, the Old House is in a good location that ins't in the center of the city hustle and bustle. The rooms were nice and clean, but small, with typical Chinese mattresses (i.e. extremely firm). The hotel, unfortunately, is adjacent to a restaraunt, which can be quite loud. It seems like our room was immediately over the kitchen, which was noisy - especially as it started up early in the morning to serve breakfast. We also conjectured that the kitchen used all of the hot water, as we were only able to achieve one semi-warm shower per day. The rest were cold showers. It was a shame that the noise and water were such detractors, because otherwise I would have enjoyed the stay.	
Apr 29 2006	Fashionable	My young cousin who lives in Shanghai booked this for my son and me, so it was certain to be trendy. The room was a little small, and we had to share the bed. But it was clean and the bathroom was reasonable, and the water hot but of variable pressure. I did use the heater a little even in April. The staff were friendly if imperfectly anglophonic, and they dealt well with a laundry emergency. The included breakfast is western, which is a shame really, but my son liked it. There is nothing of great interest right nearby, but JingAn station is not a far walk. The map on their businesscard is so stylised that some taxi drivers have trouble finding the place. It was pricier than places we stayed in other cities, but this could be a Shanghai phenomenon.	
Feb 16 2006	Shanghai Surprise!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the OHI for 4 nights and it was a true gem of a hotel. We booked a standard double, but had to stay in one of the larger &quot;suites&quot; on the top floor for the first night b/c they were booked. While the room was larger (king bed and tub v. double and shower stall), it wasn't worth the extra $$. The room we were transferred to was not only much more intimate and smaller, the bathroom was just as nice and we LOVED it. We actually preferred the smaller room as it was cozier and we had none of the noise/ventilation issues that former reviewers had.There was an issue w/ the heating/AC unit b/c the remote was in Chinese, but the front desk was VERY helpful during our entire stay. It is true: be prepared for very limited English-speaking staff at night, but during the day, the staff was super friendly. While we never made it to the breakfast, the restaurant staff was also helpful whenever we popped in to buy water, etc. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel as a preferred alternative to the Hyatts and other mainstream big hotels b/c it is a true gem! We would go back in a heartbeat!	
Jan 5 2006	Old House Inn -- disagree with previous review	Appreciate the comments of the previous reviewer, but my experience of the Old House is that it is a gem of a hotel. The rooms are minimally furnished but with four poster beds and traditional (or at least traditional style) furniture it makes for a unique experience away from some of the bland chain hotels. The staff are friendly and helpful and it is well located in the French Concession.I wholeheartedly recommend a stay there.	
Dec 29 2005 	Clean but not for lone travellers	Stayed twice on the 14th (Double room 680RMB)and 17th (Single room 490RMB)Both rooms clean and tidy but small compared to other hotels. Heaters are not adequte for shanghai in winter as windows have shutters and fold back windows. (lot of gaps)Television offers no European or US channels only English lang CCTV9. The resturant has been sold to 3rd party Bar in resturant. Did not eat in resturant as menu looked european/US.Breakfast included in price Tea/Coffe 2 slices of toast 1 boiled egg. No choice offered.Staff friendly and speak fairly good englisg and i belive German, will write your desination in chinese if required.5 Minutes walk from Jinghu Temple metro2 Minutes Hilton HotelOverall if travelling as part of a group it will give you a feel of a small family run hotel with your own private apartments.As a single traveller a very lonely Hotel.	
