Jul 22 2009 	Excellent both facilities and services	A perfect business hotel - perfect service, room, food, great gym, nice pool, good location.especially their outside swimming pool....next time I will continue to stay this hotel.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great hotel and a great location	This is a great hotel with spotless rooms and great service. It is minutes from downtown with a taxi ride of about 3 dollars from most major tourist areas. Hotel is very affordable and comes across as a five star. Great views from the higher floors of the whole city or river.	
Jan 23 2009 	Very nice - but not for people with fear of heights	This hotel was a sigh for sore eyes, after having travelled for hours. If you are afraid of heights, stay away. I am not usually effected by heights, but this was a little frightening.The rooms very large, and very comfortable. I stayed in one room with my sister and ordered room service. We didn't have to wait for too long, and it tasted great.	
Jan 7 2009 	Best stay Abroad	Purple Mountain is amazing. first impression is absolutly positive when you are in the huge lobby, two ladies in black dresses playing Piano and fluette, amazing atmosphere. the room was spaciuos with a study desk, fax machine, the bathroom had a bathtub and separate shower, you will find in the room everything you need, from Iron and Iron stand, Umbrella, tea set with complimentary tea bags..etc.Next time I go to shanghai, I will forsure stay in Purple Mountain	
Dec 8 2008 	Death trap	I just spent one night at the Purple Mountain Hotel with colleagues. Due to a fire at the hotel, we had to leave in the middle of the night and book into another hotel (Grand Hyatt, warmly recommended). That as such was not too bad, accidents happen. But in this case the fire was in the 5th floor, it was big enough so that our 37th floor was full of smoke, and not a single fire alarm went off in the entire building! We were lucky enough that one of our colleagues woke up to the smoke. You would expect such an expensive hotel to take care of basic safety systems professionally, but apparently anything goes in this place. I have tried to find out more about the fire in the web, but there seem to be no news about the incident. Hopefully nobody died.	
Jan 5 2008 	Great price excellent hotel	Checked out the Purple Mountain as a New Year's treat to finish a 10 day budget/backpacker-style China trip. Arrived without reservation and was offered (without negotiation) an exceptional 590 RMB rate for a lovely room on the 38th floor with a great view. The buffet lunch at their restaurant was not comparable to local restaurants as stated in some other reviews - it was FAR superior (and I thought I hated buffets...). Local Chinese food is great, and much cheaper, no question, but this was 5 star food at a 5 star hotel and the price was not high enough to warrant complaint from those of us from North America or Europe. The same quality lunch at home would be at least twice the price. Prices at comparable Shanghai hotels, as well, as stated in other reviews, are NOT lower but rather twice or three times the price. The lowest rate offered by the Hyatt was 2100 RMB. A cheaper 5 star (or if you insist, 4 star, by non-Chinese standards) is IMPOSSIBLE to find for what we paid (the equivalent of US$75). Very highly recommended!	
Oct 24 2007 	Excellent food	Service was very good but not exceptional with asian standards. Rooms are very clean and well mantained.The food is exceptionally good and will make your stay a pleasure. For one you should try the special noodle dishes prepared on display by a dedicated noodle chef. Meeting facilities exellent.	
Sep 13 2007 	Fantastic view	We have stayed at the Purple Mountain a couple of times while we were visting China, It is a beautiful hotel with high standards, We had rooms on the 17th floor and 30th floor, a fantastic view from either, Breakfast is very good and caters for Westerners. The hotel is quiet, clean and rooms are fairly large, bathrooms are a good size as well.The restaurant in the hotel was very expensive, there are lot's of good restaurants within walking distance of the hotel and much cheaper.Take the Metro from Dongfang Lu to the Science Museum underground market, pay three yuan one way, Westerners have a &quot;twice the price face&quot; so half whatever they ask for, then half it again as your starting price.	
May 1 2006	Modern hotel transport links not great	We stayed here for 2 nights at the end of April. The hotel itself is new, high quality, 5 star establishment. Rooms are decorated to a high standard. The breakfast/ lunch buffet is excellent. Note - pool does not open until June &amp; DongFang metro station is closed for about 6 months. This means there is a 15 minute walk from the the nearest metro. You can always take a cab into town but beware it took us 50 minutes to get to the Bund due to traffic at midday. You are better off getting a cab to a metro station.There is also construction on new buildings nearby (we did not notice any noise as the work was just starting)Probably not ideal for tourist until metro is back up and running apart from that would recommend.	
Mar 15 2006	Exceeded my expectations newly built modern decor	I visited this hotel for the new year's holiday with my boyfriend this january and was delighted to find that this hotel was so modern and well-appointed. It was my first visit to shanghai, so I had no expectations since i did not know anything about the hotel other than the fact that my boyfriend's mother had stayed at the same hotel on a recent trip. Upon entering the huge lobby, I was surprised to find a massively decked out christmas tree with a banner reading, &quot;Merry Christmas.&quot; I didnt think communism and christmas were compatible but, apparently, they are. During check-in, the receptionist was very friendly and quickly upgraded us to an executive room on the highest floor. Upon entering our room, we were impressed by the contemporary dark hard wood floors, modern decor, and immaculate bathroom. The room was smaller than expected and there was no actual wall dividing the bathroom from the bedroom area, just a curtain, which could have been a serious privacy problem for some people, but the bed was very comfortable with a great mattress, super soft sheets, and a plush down comforter. I highly recommend the breakfast buffet (included in our room rate) for their fabulous selection of eastern and western delicacies, but the dinner selections leave much to be desired, are quite expensive, and are better left undiscovered. The staff are very helpful and friendly when approached, but they do not hover, so some may interpret this as disinterest. Overall, the experience was very pleasant, with the exception of a very bizarre incident, in which a foot masseuse, who worked for the hotel, followed us up to our room and barged in because we payed for the massage by charging it to our room rather than paying cash as she preferred. We had to call the concierge to talk to her in order to get her out of our room! Crazy lady! Moral of the story: great hotel, great amenities, just don't get a foot massage.	
Oct 24 2005 	Comfortable hotel good services	I stayed in Sept. 2005 for business and found the hotel a superb place overall. My room on the 39th floor had a great view. It was nicely furnished and came with a large TV. The bathroom was good size and nicely appointed. The breakfast buffet offered good selections, and the staff was helpful. The &quot;broadband&quot; Internet connection is excruciatingly slow -- like a dial up service in the U.S. The hotel is great for business travelers, but if you are in Shanghai purely as a tourist, you don't need the amenities or pay for the price of Purple Mountain.	
Aug 9 2005 	good but too expensive in particular services	I am staing in the Purple mountian for a couple of days august 2005. The place is good and offeres all services you´d expect of a 5*. I paid a special rate of 135 USD, which is still a lot for Shanghai standard. You can get a good 4*-place for half that plrice that offers everything needed (gymnn, internet etc. is standard in all 4 * i ve seen up to now). A partcularity is the swimmignpool on the roof of the 5th floor - very nice view.Even worse- everything is very expensive here, laundry is triple price comapred to others (45RMB for a shirt instead of 10/15 in 4* places i staid before), I paid 45 RMB (4.5 Euro) for a very bad expresso, 120 RMB per day for internet (free or cheap in many 4*). Food is OK, but comparable or better Chinese or Japanese food you ll find in the small places that you ll find all over Shanghai(where you can eat for 50-70 yuan a full meal in a nice place, as i did yesterday, even alone withe same improvisation. Quite a few of the upper class restaurants have enlish menues or pictures on the menu ). The only catch is the breakfast ... 4* places often have chinese breakfast only (which is a hot meal of rice and meat and fish, reasonable coffee is available though).So to my conclusion if you have somebody that can help you to get around and order food, or if you like the adventure of ordering food in China... better stay in a 4 *.	
May 11 2005	Pricey 5*	Stayed at the Purple Mountain on 21 Apr 05 while the Shanghai Auto Show was going on. Due to the auto show most of the hotels in Pudong were fully booked. The Executive room at the Purple Mountain was of 5* quality, but very expensive at 1660rmb plus a 249rmb surcharge. This equates to about $230 for one night, which is over priced. I was also charged 57rmb for internet, which I did not use. Beautiful property, excellent room &amp; above average buffet breakfast. But, too expensive.	
Apr 17 2005 	Nice Hotel but hard to find info on!	Stayed at Purple Mountain for about 10 days in March 2005 while in Shanghai for a trade show and a little tourist time. Located in Pudong, it was pretty convenient to the New Shanghai Expo Center, about 10 to 30 minutes depending on traffic. This is a huge benefit vs. hotels on the other side of the River in old Shanghai. It is a good location for a business hotel.I didn't find it difficult to get across the river for restaurants, sightseeing, or other activities. Taxis very cheap and prompt. Local shopping, etc. not as good as on other side though.The hotel is very nice. Rated 5 stars by Chinese Tourism and I would classify it as nice as most Hyatt, Westin, Radisson, etc. hotels in most cities. However, not to the scale of 4 Seasons, Grand Hyatt, et. al. Probably not a 5 star hotel though. Rooms dark wood and rich and very nice. Restaurant excellent for breakfast and very good for dinner. Served Western and Asian foods. I did not get to try the Chinese Restaurants in the hotel. There were some excellent Chinese restaurants nearby that worked great for us when we were with our local hosts. The business center was very good. However, in room broadband was very slow. I don't think that was the hotel's fault but do to local internet service. The staff was very friendly and helpful.Lastly, the rate was quite a value compared to most hotels of comparable amenities. I only paid $120 night which I found to be quite a bargain.	
Aug 21 2009 	Esta muy muy muy lejos de ser un 5 estrellas		
Aug 3 2009 	??????????????		
May 29 2009 	Sehr repräsentatives Hotel		
Oct 28 2007	cinque stelle a prezzo di quattro		
