Nov 9 2009 	Top Notch Convenience for Business in Pudong and Beyond	The St. Regis Shanghai is very convenient to the Maglev station and PVG airport. This is a great location for doing business in Pudong, but might not be quite as good for sightseeing.The amenities and fixtures are on par with other St. Regis properties, however this hotel does not have an intimate feeling like some others. Definitely caters to business travelers and their needs. All services including checkin/out, breakfast, and the executive lounge happy hour went off without a hitch.Without repeating comments made by other travelers, the only major negative would be the bed. Although I was OK with it, this was by far the firmest bed myself and my colleague staying in another room have every encountered. If you are picky about your mattress you might not get a good night's rest.	
Nov 6 2009 	Very nice; no complaints at all	Stayed 4 nights for a business trip. The rooms are cooky cutter, but finished out very nicely and stylishly. The rain shower head was particularly welcomed after 28 hour straight negotiating sessions.They were offering a deal for $25 or so more per night where you had access to the club floor, which included breakfast and free drinks and hor'd vers (sp?) at night. Worked to hard to enjoy this, but if we could have had the free drinks, this definitely would have been easy to justify. The lounge is on the top floor and has an amazing view (smog permitting) and has free internet.The hotel was also very accomodating as far as staying late for our meeting sessions and letting us use this lounge area for meetings almost all-night long.	
Nov 1 2009 	St Regis	My first ever St Regis hotel stay and although its not somewhere lush, the hotel didnt disappoint me. 	
Oct 9 2009 	St. Regis in Shanghai has great service and wonderful rooms	The St. Regis in Shanghai has plenty of super helpful staff 24x7. The rooms are exceptional with the best shower I've had in a hotel! The buffet breakfast is good. Conference facilities very good with silently helpful staff on hand the entire time.	
Oct 8 2009 	amazing hotel experience	We loved this hotel - great staff, short walk to metro, large rooms and bathroom, and a gorgeous hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not bad for a 4 star but not a real solid 5 star hotel - missing on the soft side	I like the hotel for its hardware...really nice looking lobby, nice pool, gym...etc, but something is kind of missing for a true 5 star hotel.I ate a meal in the the chinese restaurant and was charged the snack they brought to me before I ordered my dinner...I thought it was complimentary and no body told me it is not. I also did not seem to get any butler service and as if they don't have any. And the hotel is not that old but is already showing major signs of age...especially the carpet.Overall, not a bad hotel and is better than probably 90%+ hotels in Shanghai.	
Aug 18 2009 	My 'default' pick in Shanghai	I've stayed at this hotel many times, for various duration. This is my 'default' pick when traveling to Shanghai on business. It's located in a quiet but convenient area of Pudong. The room's very spacious, with very well-maintained facilities &amp; amenities. the bathroom's just great with a big tub + a shower you can actually feel the water pressure. The hotel staff's very friendly &amp; resourceful despite me being a young female chinese solo traveler who's most likely to receive maltreatment. it's a vry cozy hotel without feeling uptight like in other international brands. i like the fruit basket &amp; their breakfast too!	
Aug 5 2009 	Treated like royalty	We stayed in a King Deluxe room for six nights on our trip to Shanghai. The room was nothing short of fabulous and the personal butler service was impeccable. In fact, the entire staff - at the front desk, the door, the restaurant and room service - was amazing. Our suite was very large with a spacious living room, office area and powder room. The bedroom was separated from the living room by large double doors. There was a large flat screen TV in both the living room and the bedroom. The bedroom had a walk in closet fully equipped with a large safe, iron, ironing board and plenty of cupboard and drawer room for your belongings (in addition to the dressers in the bedroom). The en suite bathroom was palatial. Clad in marble, it had a separate toilet area, huge soaker bathtub (with a little TV mounted on the wall) and large walk in shower. We had an expansive view (virtually wall to wall) of the Shanghai city lights from both the living room and bedroom. They even added extra touches like fresh lilies and roses, bottled water and chocolates. High speed internet was included in the rate of course.Although some might not appreciate the fact that this hotel is not in a more central shopping or tourist area, we enjoyed coming back to a quiet, relaxing oasis in the city. The hotel amenities were also amazing - large pool with a view and fully equipped fitness room. The quality of service was amazing. We were jetlagged and decided to give up fighting it so when we'd order coffee or tea in the middle of the night the &quot;personal butlers&quot; would bring them up promptly and insist that they set it out and pour it for you. When a nose piece on my glasses fell off, the front desk immediately located some crazy glue for me!	
Aug 1 2009 	The best service in Shanghai	In this trip, I stayed at both the Four Seasons and the St Regis, and have to say the St Regis is without doubt the nicer of the two hotels. The St Regis staff were eager to please, spoke excellent English, and the hotel provided exemplary butler service, with free pressing of 2 articles of clothing, and free coffee and tea in the room. It was a very civilized experience to have some Chinese tea in the morning as I was packing up to leave China. Furthermore, the airconditioning was nice and powerful -- important during a Chinese summer! I stayed at the St Regis because I was in transit from elsewhere in China and needed to overnight in Shanghai before returning to the USA. The St Regis is closer and far quicker to PVG airport than the Four Seasons (the taxi ride from the airport at night cost only 120 RMB - less than $20), and the hotel is only 20 min and 40 RMB from the Maglev to PVG during daytime. The room was great: the rainforest shower, the generous toiletries, and the bath tub and bath salts made it so wonderful to be back in a first-world city after traveling in Tibet. The view toward Puxi was also pretty good from the 32nd floor, though Shanghai is not really one of the more picturesque cities of the world. I did not go for a swim due to lack of time, but the pool looked inviting. I did have a good late-night workout in the gym (which, unlike the pool, is open 24h) after arrival. There used to be a tennis court on the 7th floor, but the fitness center attendant said it had been closed for a while, and there was no planned reopening.I was not sure I would stay here as a base for exploring Shanghai because of its distance from Puxi, but after the exceptional service, I would be delighted to stay here again in the future.Tip: if your cabbie does not know its English name, ask for the &quot;ruiji hongta jiudian.&quot; Hongta means red tower in Chinese, and the tower really does have lights that outline it in red from top to bottom. Starwood is not good about giving Chinese names for its hotels in China, so make sure you get the name and address of this and any other hotel in China in Chinese by calling the hotel before you arrive, or have a cell phone you can hand to the cabbie.	
Jul 23 2009 	thumbs up for the executive lounge	my teenager son and i had a room on the 20th floor with 2 double beds with use of the executive lounge. the size of the room is very spacious, tastefully decorated, very largebathroom with all the amenities that you need. we loved our beds because it was rather hard so if you are used to a soft mattress, then this may pose a slight problem.turn down service is great, always left slippers and chocolates for us. everyday, housekeeping also left us some fresh fruit and many bottles of water. for breakfast and evening happy hour from 5:30pm to 7pm we always went up to the executive lounge on 40th floor to enjoy a drink and nibblies plus the great skyline view of pudong. 2 particular exceptional employees made our stay that much more enjoyable..alexander and rain. they treated us like royalty and always addressed us by our last names and even remembered what we liked to drink so alexander would bring it to us. there was plenty to eat...always 2 hot appies plus many cold ones, cheeses, rolls, many desserts and fruit. we never had to go out for dinner afterwards because we were so well fed. what i liked about the st regis is that every staff member tried to accomodate every one of our needs...ex: my son and i were playing billiards on the fitness level but it was really warm so i told the pool attendant and immediately he called down and had the air condition come on full blast. if we needed this and that, they would always try their bestto accomodate with promptness and courtesy. this is what i found impressive. my only complaint is that we booked a tour to ZHOU ZHANG, water city, with the concierge and it wasn't too cheap but the tour company they used was HORRIBLE&gt;they picked us up at 8:30am then drove us to 2 other hotels to pick up 4 more passengers and by the time we got to our destination, it was over 2 1/2 hours long for our ride in this BEAT UP old mini van with very uncomfortable seats. the drive should have only been 1 1/2 hours long !!! if you are tall, like most north americans, this mini van would be awful because there isn't enough room for those long legs and the airconditioning isn't strong enough for summer heat. the tour of the water city was alsovery rushed, no time to pick up souvenirs at all. they then transported us to a so called&quot;first class chinese restaurant&quot; in ZHOU ZHANG, but the food was almost unedible !i am chinese and not a picky eater and my son and i barely touched our lunch ! for example, one dish was just scrambled eggs with onions (which wasn't bad), another dish was just fried up celery !!! we were also served some fish but it tasted like the gutter ! the restaurant was so cheap that we were only allowed ONE glass of either pop, water, or beer. this glass was no more than 150ml !!! any additional drinks, we needed to pay extra !!! afterall, we paid almost USD$200 for the two of us for this tour. I would suggest not to book with this tour company but pay a little more and book a private driver so it's a lot more comfortable and you can have more leisure time as you need it. by the end of the tour, i felt so claustrophobic and uncomfortble in this van that we got off early at another hotel stop instead of staying on for our own hotel which was another 20 min ride . by the next day, my 15 year old son was physically sick from all the heat in the van, all the traveling and the unedible lunch offered.definitely stay at the st regis shanghai but it is a little far from the center of the city which is on the other side of the river but taxis are cheap , for about $6 to 7 usd, you can get to the center of town. in addition, there is nothing much around the hotel except for a little convenient store around the side street and a few local restaurants that we never had time to try. my thumbs up for the hotel and its service but a big thumbs DOWN on the tour booked through the concierge at the hotel !!!!	
May 25 2009 	Great Hotel in Shanghai	The St. Regis was a great hotel in Shanghai. The service was polished, the rooms were beautiful, and the food was delicious. During our stay in Shanghai, we also stayed at the Four Seasons and have to say that the St. Regis is a cut above that hotel. One minor drawback is that the St. Regis is a longer cab ride from some of the shopping and sites of Shanghai; however, this would not deter me from staying at this hotel again. This was a great property.	
Apr 6 2009 	Lived up to the Standard...	We stayed three nights and as we got a 3 for 2 deal we could not fault value. The staff were attentive helpfully directing us about the city and we were glad that we changed our reservation from the more expensive Grand Hyatt which we felt to be a little stuffy. The subway is cheap and efficient and the Bund much quieter. However a trip to the Grand Hyatt (or is it the Park Hyatt...two hotels almost next door to each other..most confusing!) is worth it as the tower is indeed tall. However go up to their lounge for coffee and save the entrance fee to the public viewing gallery. Admittedly you are about 12 floors lower...but hey you are still a hell of a long way above everything else! Great pool with few people in it and the breakfast selection was not overrun with tourists as this seems to be more of a business hotel. We booked and executive package and got evening cocktails...well worth it as one one night we never made dinner as the food selection was enormous!Our Gripe......The fact that in the bedroom you are charged for the wi-fi Internet still bugs us. In the main areas it is complimentary, but why when far lesser chains offer free wi-fi do hotels still feel able to justify a charge????	
Jan 14 2009 	A most extraordinary experience in Shanghai	Had no idea what to expect of this hotel. The trip was a treat to myself, and I thought I'd go &quot;all out&quot;, so I booked the St. Regis.The exterior of the hotel is pretty plain, a tall thin dark bronze tower located in Pudong across the street from a gigantic apartment block, all very nondescript. The entry to the hotel is a large concrete drive on a busy corner with flagpoles. A bit of a turn off at first, but after the first day, the sight of those flagpoles became a comfort, like rounding the corner and catching the first sight of your house. Check in was a bit overwhelming, in a good way. I was welcomed by the door staff and escorted inside. The lobby is staggering in the restrained St Regis way with a large several-story open space finished in dark wood, stone and gold tones. The doorman handed me off to a trio of butlers and the reception staff, who organized my paperwork and introduced me to the hotel. Now, it was a long flight. I'm from Hawaii and due to some business constraints I had to fly from HNL to LAX to ORD to Shanghai. By the time I was standing at the reception desk I was a bit woozy. As the reception came to a close, the staff asked me to please wait a moment, at which point I absolutely knew that they realized I didn't belong here and were prepared to ship me out to someplace where I did. Instead, I felt a gentle tap on my shoulder, and was greeted by a tall, attractive woman who introduced herself as the general manager of the hotel! She welcomed me to Shanghai, asked me how my long flight was, asked me if there was anything I needed, thanked me for choosing the St Regis and sent me on my way. Should there ever be any doubt as to how to make a guest feel special, a GM or owner who takes the time to greet guests one on one does the trick. A butler showed me to my room. As a Starwood member (and arriving immediately after the conclusion of the Olympic Games), I was upgraded from a standard &quot;Deluxe&quot; room to a Mandarin Suite. The butler opened the door and my jaw fell to the floor. Larger than my first house with fourteen foot ceilings and a view that would not quit. Of course, I belong here now so I didn't let on to the butler how stunned I was. The entry was marble-floored and led into a living room with a couch, table and chairs, a cabinet with a flat screen TV on top, windows from waist to ceiling, and a large desk with a printer/fax, some reference books and a return. And an Aeron chair. Walk through double doors to the bedroom with a settee, king bed, armoire with a second flat screen, and further to the bathroom and the walk in closet. The bathroom has two entrances, one from the bedroom and one from the walk in closet. There is another flat screen in the bathroom, a separate shower and jacuzzi tub, and generous space. Everything was of the very best quality, and there was no doubt that I had arrived. The location was ok. The immediate area around the hotel, Pudong, is not a visitor-friendly locale. Streets are lined with walls as apartment blocks are built around very attractive courtyards that are walled and gated from the public. But it is very easy to get around to other parts of the city from here. And when you wanted to get out of the busy craziness of touristy places like the Bund, those flagpoles in front of the St Regis were welcome sight. The hotel also supplied me with a pocket card that had common translations in English and Chinese, along with common destinations and the hotel address all translated. I always felt confident that I could get in any cab (cabbies do NOT speak any English whatsoever) and find my way around, or at the least back to the hotel to start over. Food was very good, and, while I didn't try the flagship Danieli's, service was always polished and professional at the restaurant downstairs and room service. This would not be the place to stay if you're looking for action. The lounge was always quiet as was the rest of the hotel. Guests seemed to be around in the morning for breakfast, which was very busy, but then had things to do for the rest of their day and the hotel was very quiet. Very comfortable and relaxing after a days work and touring, but not exciting if you're looking to party. I loved this hotel. It was a comfortable, quiet, sumptuous respite from the polluted congestion of gorgeous Shanghai.	
Nov 13 2008	Impeccable service at the St. Regis!!	Without a doubt one of the most luxurious hotels in Shanghai. I walked into the lobby and my jaw dropped as I looked around. The staff is very formally dressed in tuxedos. Everyone is smiling and happy to greet you with a warm welcome. When we checked in I needed money. My bank has a partner bank in Shanghai. I wanted to go to that specific bank’s ATM. The concierge said it is too confusing to get there by myself. They offered to have one of their staff members accompany me so I wouldn’t get lost. I was very impressed with their offer. The St. Regis pays extra special attention to detail in trying to make your stay more comfortable. There is a fruit basket and water in the room and flowers in the bathroom. The room is spacious and the bathroom is lavish with marble floors, sink and very nice rain shower. The Italian team of the Grand Prix stayed in the hotel during our stay. The entire front end staff greeted the returning team with champagne after the race because they came in second. We got to witness the celebration. The staff went all out for the celebration. I didn’t have a lot of free time to walk around the local area because we were always on a time schedule with the tour. We did take a cab to an Italian restaurant which was about 35 minutes away from our hotel. The fare was only $6 US…amazing!! The driver didn’t speak any English but tried to show us all of the important sights on the drive to the restaurant. I would definitely stay at this hotel again if I visited Shanghai in the future.	
Sep 26 2008 	Loved my stay at the St. Regis	I loved my 8 night stay at the St. Regis!!! The hotel was beautiful, the food at Danieli's restaurant on the 39th floor was fabulous, the breakfast buffet was good &amp; the room was incredibly comfortable. I stayed on one of the women only floors which is a very nice feature that they offer, it makes you feel a bit safer as a woman traveller. The St Regis is everything you would expect from a five star hotel but the only thing that did not seem five star were the doormen, there just was not the same level of friendliness that I have received at other five star properties. Overall a fabulous hotel &amp; being close to a Metro station was perfect!Note: Taxi's in Shanghai are very inexpensive but the traffic is miserable the Metro is a quick way to get around.	
Sep 17 2008 	Good But Some Very Annoying Gremlins	Stayed in the St Regis for 3 nights based on the reviews on tripadvisor and also as I had some Starwood points to redeem. Having previously stayed at The Shangrila and Eton Hotels in Shanghai, was looking forward to staying in the St Regis as i had read so many good tghings about it.What was GoodQuality of hotel is very good. This includes public spaces such as lobby, pool area, gym and the bedroom. All are of a high standard and no complaints.Room (not exec room) was spacious enough and bathrooms were very well fitted out with marble floors, large bath and rain shower. Bed was very comfortable and tv had a reasonable number of engllish language channels considering its China.Not so GoodSeems as though they started to charge for wireless internet access even though the inroom guide says its still free and nothing on the opening web page suggests that you will be charged for it. On checking out I noticed that they had charged me 100RMB a night and when I complained the manager stated that they had just started to introduce charges ! At the very least guys, please inform guests upfront about the change in policy !For a business hotel, hotel seemed to be dead at night. Maybe due to mid autumn holiday but the place just lacked any atmosphere. Totally different from the Shangri la which is always buzzing.If you fancy a late night drink in the bar, seems as though they shut at midnight which for a 5 star hotel in Shanghai is ridiculous.I found the service in the executive room strangely cold. Going for cocktails with a friend at 6.30 got totally ignored by the lady there and had to walk up and ask her for a drink. Also dont expect there to be much food left if you arrive late for 5.30- 7pm drinks after 6.30pm !Location isnt great for tourists although it is only a 5 min walk from the underground. You are right in the middle of Pudong which isnt the most exciting place in the world !	
Aug 10 2008	Everything You Want And More	Everything works exactly the way it should at the St. Regis Shanghai. And, considering the service economy gap that currently exists throughout China, that's no mean feat. This hotel is a respite and an oasis from the other &quot;pretenders&quot; which are desperate for Western business but really can't provide the comfort, cleanliness and language facility required. Service and amenities match, if not exceed, the other Starwood luxury properties. And the pictures don't lie. The hotel actually looks the way it appears on the Internet glamour shots. True, the hotel is in Pudong and the trek to Puxi can be hellish in Shanghai traffic but taxis are dirt cheap -- no more than 35 yuan (5.11 USD) even in the heaviest congestion -- so your major expenditure is time (approx 40 minutes in rush hour traffic), not money. On the brightside, given the Pudong location, the airport is only 50 minutes from the hotel (fare approx 140 RMB; 20.44 USD). That's a bonus when you have an early morning flight, as I did. And some of the touristy things you'll want to do -- the Oriental Pearl TV tower and Shanghai history museum; the Jinmao tower and the restaurants and bars of the Grand Hyatt (e.g., Cloud 9); Shanghai Uncle; the Riverside Promenade along the backside of the Oriental Riverside Hotel property; the Oriental Art Center; etc. are in Pudong anyway.The St. Regis Shanghai butler service is quite swank. So, if you're more of a do-it-yourself person, it'll take some getting used to. But you'll acclimate quickly! I highly recommend butler Melannie Zhang. She was a sweet, bright, quick and accommodating young lady. Not hard or jaded at all. I'm not sure if you can ask for butlers by name, but, if possible, I'd request her assistance if I were you.	
Jul 21 2008 	Superb Hotel with Excellent Service!	I stayed at St. Regis Shanghai from 14/07/08 to 18/07/08. There is only one word to describe the place - SUPERB.Distance between the hotel and Pudong Int'l Airport is about 45km (1 hr drive). Checking in was a breeze. Service is top notch with each staff greeting me whenever I am in the hotel. The room is big and clean. The bathroom has mirrors on all walls and there is a choice of using the shower cubicle or the huge bath tub. Bathroom amenities are complete - shower gel, shampoo, body lotion, talcum powder, cotton buds, etc. Internet is free and hence business travellers will find it very convenient.The hotel is located with restaurants on the opposite street. Just behind the hotel is a 24hr convenience shop and a coffee club. If you choose to walk a little further (10 minutes), try Lao Shan Road where there are many other Chinese seafood restaurants and fruit stalls. Overall experience - very satisfied.	
Jun 16 2008	Superior Service	The employees of this hotel bend over backwards for their guests. Every detail is addressed. The hotel is in the business district of Shanghai but very easy to get around. Our only complaint is that beds are hard as rocks.	
May 25 2008	Only 4 not 41!/2 !!	Although this is a very nice hotel, I think that it has been overrated slightly. It is definitely a &quot;4&quot;, but hotels in Beijing were much nicer.Our breakfast was served to our tour as a group and was very nice, but not outstanding. Beds were comfortable and the room was very clean and had nice amenities.	
Apr 20 2008 	Loved the St. Regis	The hotel car service from the airport was excellent, on arrival at the hotel we were shown straight to our room. The room was spacious and the bathroom luxurious. We found all the staff to be very attentive and friendly. We stayed for one night on our way to Beijing and wish we had stayed for longer. Our favourite hotel during our two week trip to China.	
Feb 14 2008 	Terrific Hotel	I stayed at the hotel in late January to attend an investment conference taking place at the nearby Shangri-La Hotel (which was double the price at the time because of the conference). I had stayed at the hotel before when it had opened 6-7 years ago, and had expected that it might have deteriorated since then - but nothing was further from the truth. The lobby was just as grand, the rooms were incredibly plush and comfortable, and the room had a very well designed desk and a comfortable chair for work, and with excellent lighting. Bathrooms also kept in top condition, with a very pleasant rain shower.The service was also impeccable from top to bottom, and the lounge upstairs was worthy of rivalling any Starwood property.In fact, since my stay in 2001, it had become a much more convenient location as the city had built up around the hotel, and in addition to the hotel restaurants, there is an excellent Shanghainese restaurant just outside the hotel's front door (to the left on the same street). Loads of cabs hang around now.Pudong might not be everyone's cup of tea (it is still a little bit more planned and sterile than PuXi - Singapore to Hong Kong comparison west of the river, perhaps) but I thought the property itself is great. It's certainly easy to get to from the Pudong International Airport.I will definitely come back.	
Jan 1 2008 	A great Hotel for a business stay.	I spent a week at the St. Regis. The staff, rooms, meals, all were first class. The staff at the St Regis is GREAT, they will make your stay a pleasure. I never had any concern for anything, from the car service to and from the airport to them adding a pillow top to my bed to make it softer.The hotel is not in a shopping district or a night club area, if you want that then stay on the other side of the river in old Shanghai, but for a great relaxing stay after work, you can't beat this place.One last thing, check out Malones American Cafe on the other side of town for a cold beer and a great burger too.	
Nov 20 2007	Luxury in Shanghai	The St. Regis Shanghai outdid itself with service when we went there for three days to celebrate my daughter's birthday. Although I had booked a discount rate (3 nights with one night free, total price $558 including fees and taxes), we were treated like royalty. The room was luxurious with wonderful beds and the softest sheets. The spotless marble bathroom was huge with a soaking tub and rainforest shower. Our room was supplied with complimentary fresh fruit and drinking water at all times. All guests are invited to the executive lounge on the 40th floor for an elaborate breakfast spread, complete with brie. Drinks and desserts are served in the evening. There is free wireless access in the room, but if you don't want to carry your laptop, you can check your email in the executive lounge, and even borrow a book to read from the library. The pool was also a pleasure. For my daughter's birthday the hotel staff went all out: cookies and her favorite fruit (kiwi) on arrival with a birthday present, a darling panda stuffed animal. When we returned to the room that evening, they had delivered a dozen red roses and a cake that said happy birthday, complete with her name. The staff was helpful in every way, and the concierge accomodated my desire to travel by ferry, subway and foot as well as taxi by writing me little notes in Chinese to use all day long. We hated to leave such a wonderful hotel!	
Sep 22 2007 	Marvellous Pudong Place	The St. Regis purely is marvellous. I've never stayed in a hotel like this and I'm sure it'll take a while until I will find a compareable hotel again.I was working in Shanghai for 5 weeks and decided to call the St. Regis home for this time - not a bad decision. The staff's great, the service excellent and the rooms are really big. No matter what room, the bathroom is impressive and the rainforest shower simply one of the best ways to start your day.We enjoyed breakfast in the Executive Lounge which is free for SPG, the area around the hotel is great as well. You don't have to eat in the hotel, there are better places around where you can get authentic chinese food, even if you don't speek the language. Here's a must: leave the lobby, turn right and walk through the tiny park until you hit the next street, turn right again and sit down at one of the food places on the street - it's delicious.	
Sep 21 2007	Great	Spent 2 nights here as part of a Viking River Cruise Tour. The room was great, the service was great, the food was great, altho the only meal we ate here was breakfast. The upstairs bar makes the best cosmo I've ever had (no I didn't have one for breakfast). All-in-all, I've have to say SR was just great!	
Aug 27 2007 	Loved this place except for the location	I spent a week here on business and found the St Regis to be an oasis.The room was beautiful and the bathroom was divine. The bed was very comfortable and I slept very well. The executive lounge access is limited to a higher level of booking though. It is a very intimate, quiet venue with a great view of the sunset.I found the complimentary breakfast very nice. They have a great cup of coffee and feature dumplings, and Chinese food in addition to all the usual things westerners desire.The exercise amenities are simply superb. They have a more than adequate selection of eliptical, tradmill, bike and rowing machines in addition to a full set of machines and free weights. Even more, men and women enjoy separate steam, sauna, and jacuzzi amenities. And then there is the beautiful pool. And also a rooftop tennis court. It just keeps going. If you need a place to live while in Shanghai, this is a good choice since it offers such a variety of amenities. I found the Cantonese food in the on-site Chinese restaurant too bland and not surprisingly, overpriced. However, the Pudong area will demand a level of competency in Mandarin that might restrict you to the hotel venues. Once across the river, things are a bit easier for the language-challenged traveler.Only one disappointment. . .I received a &quot;visit the 2nd floor gift shop for a free gift&quot; card in my check-in package. Baloney! This is a scam based on selling reproductions of traditional art that requires buying a 300RMB silk mounting. Don't fall for it - Shanghai is full of art scams and it disappoints me that one is located in the St. Regis. I really enjoyed this hotel. And while I have no other &quot;St Regis experience&quot; to measure against, I look forward to staying there again and recommend it.	
May 17 2007	Took good care of us!	Having stayed in so many top-rank international hotels with hefty fees for everything, I found the St. Regis refreshing. From the start, we were welcomed, with our butler and bellboy showing us to our room. Although we were on a group tour, we were invited to the top-floor executive lounge, and given tea and hot hors d'oeuvres during happy hour at no charge. Internet terminals in the business center were a steep 90 yuan for half an hour - but both times I used them, they didn't charge. Even the laundry fees and the price of toothpaste in the lobby shop were quite reasonable. So we felt like the St Regis was really interested in taking care of us.Our basic room was comfortable and good-sized with a large bathroom, and separate tub and rainforest shower.As much as we liked the St. Regis, I wouldn't recommend it for tourists on their own, just because the Pudong location is far from anything of interest and not convenient to the metro. If you do stay there, and are a light sleeper, avoid the Dongfang Road side, where the views are nothing special and the incessant Shanghai honking is quite audible even on the 15th floor.	
May 11 2007 	Best hotel in China	From the moment we arrived here, the experience was wonderful. The staff were so attentive and nothing was too much trouble. The room was amazing with the biggest and most opulent marble bathroom ever. The bed was to die for with divine pillows that you never wanted to get up from. The butler service was excellent. The best part of the stay was the amazing pool, which we had all to ourselves one evening, and the executive lounge, with complimentary canapes and cocktails/champagne/wine. Breakfast and dinner were fabulous in the hotel - one of the restaurants is open 24hours a day. The concierge was amazing here - we were expecting delivery of a package to the hotel during our stay, but it didn't arrive. The concierge undertook to forward it to us in our home country when it arrived and this all happened without any difficulty. Quite the best place I have ever stayed.	
Apr 29 2007 	An _almost_ St. Regis	Having experienced other St. Regis properties (New York, Aspen), I think this property is actually a sister Starwood brand (a Westin) gussied up to embellish the portfolio. In other words, since there already is a Westin in Shanghai, I think Starwood decided to market this property as a more upmarket St. Regis so as not to crowd its branding strategy.I say this because although the hotel features many of the amenities one might expect to find in a St. Regis, they seem to be thrown together in a &quot;let's check it off the list&quot; sort of way. Which is, I realize, a very subjective denunciation, but that was my distinct impression nevertheless. There was nothing especially wrong and I can't fault any one element of my stay in particular. The exterior of the hotel is aesthetically unremarkable and occupies an undistinguished stretch of a busy commercial road (nothing worthwhile within walking distance as far as I could see). On the other hand, my room was immaculate and in good order. The bathroom was modern and marbled. The food in the lobby restaurant was okay and the service was decent. The fitness center and pool were fine and the free, in-room wi-fi was on par. But put all together, nothing distinguished my three-night stay as anything more extraordinary than something I'd expect from a competent business-oriented hotel. I guess I'm damning this property with faint praise.One thing worth noting: for those visitors who intend to spend a majority of their time visiting old Shanghai (the Bund, Yu Gardens, Xintiandi, the Jade Buddha Temple, etc.) do note that those attractions are mainly to be found on the west bank of the Huangpu River, in Puxi. This hotel is located very much in Pudong and will necessitate some expense of cab time in order to visit many of the more interesting sites.	
Apr 19 2007	Great hotel and service	Stayed here for one night on my last trip to Shanghai, immediately after staying at Le Royal Meridien. Hotel check-in was very quick and was shown to my room (upgraded to a suite based on my Starwood status). Executive lounge is open to all guests of the hotel and the spread was a bit disappointing but similar to what I have experienced at St. Regis Beijing - I prefer spread at hotels with a closed off Executive/Club floor since food/drink selection is generally better. Anyhow, the room was nice, though I found the suite decor a bit plain (still nice). Nice, large bathroom with a TV over tub. Staff was very helpful and spoke good English, and butler service was great throughout the stay. I'd definitely stay here again and would highly recommend it if you are in Pudong - do be aware that if you are looking to do the more touristy attractions its a bit far from Central Shanghai - Le Royal Meridien is right in the middle of the action on the other hand.	
Dec 8 2006 	Nice Hardware	I actually stayed at this property for over a month. The room at the St. Regis was at that time the largest in Shanghai. The hardware of the hotel was actually the best that I have ever seen in Shanghai as many parts including the marble floors were imported from Italy.Try the Italian restaurant on the top floor or go for a swim in the large pool. I strongly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 23 2006 	Top notch accomodations	From the moment you walk in, excellent.Room: Spacious with large windows and excellent curtains. Everything worked (lights, tv, radio, faucets, etc.) Iron in the room, mini bar and plenty of space for luggage. Somewhat noisy due to traffic, but that's the traffic's fault.Restaurants: We only ate at the coffee shop, so we did not get a full spectrum of their restaurants, but the breakfast buffet was one of the best we have had.Bar: Expensive, but that's the way it is.Facilities: Free internet for less than 10 minutes and WiFi available for free. Business facilities are good. Exercise facilities are amazing.Location: Very close to a train station, if you're so inclined. Taxis convenient. Not very convenient to shopping locations, but if you're willing to jump in a cab, it's an easy trip.Hotel Pens: Steal one. They are great.	
Nov 20 2006 	Top score for St. Regis	We had 4 nights (pay 3 get 1 free) at the St. Regis from 3-7 November. Arrived after 10pm.from Hong Kong and during the limo ride to the hotel, the driver was in contact with the hotel at least 2 times, saying when we were expected to arrive. Upon arrival, doors opened, friendly faces lined up to greet us and it just kept getting better. We had a high floor room which was very large and luxurious (silk drapes, chaise longue, executive desk with very upmarket comfortable chair). The beautiful marble bathroom was unveiled behind double sliding doors and had every amenity the weary traveller could wish for. The bed and pillows were the most comfortable ever (being part of the Sheraton group). The executive rooms have 24-hour butler service and was much appreciated. The price included a superb buffet breakfast which was vast and would satisfy any palate - hot and cold choices were too numerous to relate here. The gym was a good size and very well-equipped. The whole hotel has an opulent feel and the staff are super-friendly and helpful - talk to you each morning while waiting for taxi into Puxi. Another advantage is that the Maglev train station is nearby on the Pudong side of the river and is well worth the 10 min. taxi ride to the airport to travel at 432kph. Very exciting and the only place in the world where you can do this. Loved Shanghai, the St. Regis and can't wait to have the opportunity to return.	
Nov 10 2006	Absolutely The Best!	Stayed at the St. Regis in September for 3 nights as part of a China tour. This was without a doubt the best &quot;5 star&quot; hotel I stayed at on the entire tour. I first stepped into the lobby of the hotel and said &quot;wow!&quot;. The opulence of the rooms and other decors were equally impressive. I had a nice view of downtown from my room. The included breakfasts were wonderful. The staff was courteous and helpful. I cannot comment on the surrounding area. As part of a tour group, I never had the opportunity to venture off.	
Nov 1 2006 	A 6 (Six) Star Hotel!!	We stayed at this hotel as part of a tour of China with Ritz tours in September. The St. Regis in Shanghai should be rated a 6 (Six) Star Hotel! It was absolutely wonderful in every way. The complementary room service is fabulous. It is simply the best hotel I have ever stayed in, and I have traveled quite a lot, on business, in major cities.	
Sep 13 2006	Good but shy of Great	Stayed at the St. Regis for 6 nights recently. 4 for business and 3 with my wife for the weekend. Overall a pretty decent experience.The room was nice and spacious with large well stocked bathroom. The matress was pretty hard and does not compare with the soft beds at other Starwood properties. Food in the hotel was very good - the buffet breakfast and lunches were super. Service during our business meetings was excellent with very attentive staff on hand at all times. Desk staff and Concierge ranged from bad to great. When I asked one Concierge to book dinner reservations for Friday and Saturday nights at restaurants I chose he booked for Saturday and Sunday night. When I explained he was unappologetic did not offer to rectify the situation and did not seem to understand that I was not going to be in Shanghai on the Sunday night. On the other hand one of the desk staff went out of her way to recomend a great place to go for drinks and upon our request arranged to have the hotel car collect us for our trip to the airport at a small cafe miles from the hotel. The car, loaded with our luggage, arrived in the right place at the right time and we made it to the airport without a hitch.The location is clearly not the best but taxis are so cheap and the trip to the other side of the river is not much of a hassle.It is possible to get a really good rate most likely because of the location.	
Aug 27 2006 	Excellent Hotel!	I simply cannot understand some of the negative posts about the location of this hotel. There is a subway stop just outside! The St. Regis Shanghai is a wonderful hotel in every way. Outstanding rooms, cleanliness, fixtures and service. Excellent gym as well with 2 great billiard tables. It is easily one of the best hotels I've stayed in. Airport pick up was flawless, check in smooth and fast. The view from the club on the top floor is great. We stayed for one night on our way to Xian to see the warriors and I would highly recommend the hotel as one of the best 5 star hotels in Asia. Don't be put off by the location. The subway ride to Nanking Road is worth it for the extra big rooms and service. The Westin does not compare!	
Aug 21 2006	Wow!	The most beautiful hotel experience I can remember. Location is not great if you're there for a shopping trip but given it's so cheap to get a taxi, it doesn't matter so much. Every aspect of my stay from the arrival where check-in is conducted in the room to the butler service with complimentary coffee/tea (and hot chocolate if you ask nicely) delivered to your room when you want it, 24 hours a day :)Room was excellent size and beautifully decorated. Bed had pillows you could melt into. Bathroom was quality too. Buffet breakfast was sublime, best one I've ever had as quality of the food used was so good. Great hotel, would definitely recommend and stay there again.	
Jun 21 2006 	Excellent Value in Shanghai		
Feb 14 2006	Great Hotel		
Jan 6 2006 	Great Service!		
Nov 9 2005	Stay elsewhere		
Jun 2 2005	Lacks the Wow factor of other St. Regis		
May 11 2005	Great Bathrooms!		
Feb 28 2005	Wow		
Oct 9 2004 	Great business hotel		
Oct 9 2004 	?????????????????????????		
Sep 20 2009 	Gran hotel en Shanghai		
Jul 16 2009 	?????5?????		
Nov 28 2008 	Tolles Hotel im Großstadtgewühl		
Aug 25 2008 	St Regis Hotel Shanghai.... sarete RE per una volta		
