Oct 22 2009	Acceptable	We stayed here as part of a Travelsphere holiday, our bedroom was clean however it smelt musty, it needs an overhaul, the food was good plenty of choice, it was ok for the time we were there, the hotels for the rest of the tour just got better and better.	
Sep 21 2009	Shabby but good food. Fine if cheap	Eighties bathrooms, nicotine stained walls and dated furnishings, however the food is good. We stayed as part of a Travelsphere tour and this was way below all the other hotels they use. A surprising choice. The bar was rarely open, the pool derelict and it was difficult to persuade staff to open the internet centre (although they forgot to charge for it). Next to a metro but not very central. If you get a good deal its not dire but don't pay full prices, you will be disappointed.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great location	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights one week apart.This hotel is locate right next (literally) to a subway station in line 1 (Hanzhong Road), one stop from the train station and 2 stops from the People's Square, both reachable easily and quickly on foot.The hotel is located in a good neighborhood and taxis will find it with no trouble. Nanjing Road is 10 minutes away on foot.The standard rooms were quite clean and spacious with a bed, closet, desk and bathroom.Beds were wide enough for 2 people (though I stayed alone) with good mattresses and linen. I didn't find the mattress too hard but some people might. Hard mattresses are quite common in China.The room was non-smoking and there were no smoke smells.The bathroom was clean, with a western style (american) toilet and a bathtub. The water pressure was not very strong but enough for a good shower. Standard amenities were offered (soap, shampoo, cap, toothbrush and paste) as well as the standard discardable flip flops in China.A nice thing were the 2 daily bottles of mineral water placed in the room.The room had an electrical thermos that made preparing tea or quick meals very easy and convenient.The rooms faced the main road but were quite quiet and naturally lit with large windows.Some minor details showed that the hotel was a little worn out such as loose internet connection plug, minor marks in the furniture and dents in the bathtub.Internet access had enough bandwidth for my needs and allowed for making computer to phone calls with good quality.The staff did everything in their power to help me at 11 PM regarding a problem with train tickets even when it wasn't their fault at all. I was given access to the business center and helped with contacting the travel agency.The only problem I had was that they booked a taxi to the airport even though I never asked them to. This created some minor friction at the very end of the trip.Summing everything this stay was great value for money and a great way to explore Shanghai.Recommended.	
Jan 9 2009 	Good deal for the money!	This hotel was offered on Travelocity when we booked our (dirt cheap) flights. We got a great deal for 9 nights in a superior room at the Zhao An PLUS RT airfare from Charlotte, NC, USA for just over a grand! At that price I wasn't expected much but was pleasantly surprised. Since we were trying to save money, we decided to arrive at the hotel via the Maglev/metro straight to the Han Zhong metro station right under the hotel (note: there is not an escalator from the ticketing level to the exit 4 in this metro station-we did have to carry the bags up to the hotel entrance) . The flight touched down about 2.30 pm and by 4pm we were at the hotel and checked in with a smile! We had prepaid, however there was a key deposit, but that's normal in Chinese Hotels and was refunded when we left. The room we were given at first though was NOT a superior room and did not match the pictures shown on the hotel website. This first room was a tiny, tiny room with one full sized bed shoehorned in. After polite, but insistent negotiation with a junior manager (Neil) we were given the room next door for the same price, which had two full beds and was considerably larger. Both rooms were clean and well maintained, with a fridge, hot water kettle, tv etc. The beds were &quot;chinese-firm&quot;, and the bathroom spotless with plenty of hot water. The staff at the hotel were most accommodating and had some English skills, so that, with my broken Chinese we were able to communicate pretty well. The bellboys were especially helpful, as were the front desk staff. We had to have clothes cleaned and it was picked up and delivered very quickly.The best part of staying at the Zhao An was its location. Either by metro or by bus it's easy and cheap to get just about any where in Shanghai. Catycorner to the Hotel is a bank with an international ATM. There is a main South bound bus stop on the opposite side of the street just North of the hotel on Heng Tong lu with upwards of 10 lines. For example, the number 801 will take you to the Yuyuan Gardens (7 stops to Xin BeiMen, walk a block over). Coming back to the hotel by bus is easy too. Additionally, the main railway station is a couple of blocks away, and has restaurants and stores in the area.... including a Pizza Hut!They do have a breakfast buffet at the hotel. I thought it was a little expensive (8$ bucks), but they do have adequate food on it; some Western and some Chinese.All in all, I think this hotel is a great place to stay and I would stay again in a heart beat.	
Jan 7 2009	Bare Necessities	For less than $50 a night, we got a big room and big bed good enough for sleeping. The room is on the 14th floor (topmost) and looked a bit shabby; its carpet and wall paper have seen better days but for the price we paid, we were willing to overlook these aesthetics. We stayed at this hotel because it was accessible, the subway station exit was just next door, less than 1 minute walk. There is also a convenient store right across the street. For those travelling across China, I recommend the website www.ctrip.com (no worries, there is an english version), this is where we book our hotel room and the prices are unbeatable. It's a relatively safe website; Ctrip being listed in a major stock exchange. I used my credit card to book the hotels and everything went smoothly.	
Oct 10 2008 	AVOID AT ALL COSTS	Stayed one night there on 2 Oct 2008.Room was clean but condition was very run down, water damaged ceiling and bare wood wardrobes. Room service tried to force open the door while it was chained off - happened twice.Did not bother to knock and wait for response.Did not get breakfast as per review here.Tried to extend another night, but refused same rate. They asked for more than double the rate i paid for first night. So i hired the internet to book another night through the same online agent in singapore.Internet was extremely slow and timeout all the time and it was charged by the minute. The business centre was not staffed and there was no paper to use for printing.Came back a few nights later because it was already paid for. Arrived at 4am. Was asked to wait until 10AM before allowed to check in. Another kind hearted reception allowed us to check in at 7AM.But her duty manager (Richard Cheong) refused entry for my fiancee because this time she accidentally left her purse in another bag which we left in another city. She was not asked for ID when we stayed for the first two nights. The manager took indifference stance to our problems. In his own words. &quot;One person can stay and the other have to go. If you dont want to stay we cannot refund the money, because It is not my problem.&quot;	
Mar 6 2008 	Good location	The hotel is alongside a subway station but while the subway is clean considering the numbers using it, it is crowded so do not use it if carrying luggage. You have to carry your own luggage up from the taxi. Rooms were clean and adequate, we were in the cheaper rooms. We only used their booking service for a mini bus to the airport, it arrived on time and got us to our destination on time without using the aggressive driving techniques that is common in China.Various eating places nearby including a western one - McD. Nothing outstanding but nothing wrong.	
Mar 6 2008	nice hotel	The hotel is located ZaBei Area,only 2 Metro stations away from nan jing road, rooms is clean, the hotel offer free internet access &amp; breakfast, and chinese massage(health club) is very nice!shanghai is lovely!	
Mar 3 2008 	Perfect Hotel at a perfect price; Metro is just next door	The Hotel is located north of the Suzhou Creek, only 2 Metro stations away from People's Square at the Metro Station Hanzhong Road (the entry to the Metro is just next door,... really amazing!)rooms are big, bathroom very clean (and you get one free Nestlé Mineral water every day), free internet access, delicate breakfast,... I don't find any point to criticize.Enjoy your trip to Shanghai!	
Dec 1 2007	Good Hotel	I stayed here for 4 nights as part of a Travelsphere Tour. The rooms are fine and there is nothing to worry about. There is a nice bar areaand the hotel is opposite a food store that sells english snacks if you arent keen on the chinese food. The hotel is next to a subway which is great to get from place to place. Also, I highly reccomend Travelsphere as all tours I have been on with them have been fantastic.	
Apr 23 2007	Zhao An- a good 3 star hotel	Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights on a college trip.i was surprised at how nice the rooms were. we had 2 people sharing to one room and we had a double bed each, which was lovely! it was extremly roomy with lots of space to move around in. there was lots of wardrobe space and the cleaners came every day. there was even a telephone next to the toilet in the bathroom- incase you cant make it back in time!the staff were not overly friendly at this hotel but this may have been because they couldnt speak english.the hotel had a lot of facilities but we were so busy that we didnt have time to use most of them. there was a swimming pool on the roof but this wasnt filled up. i doubt anyone would have wanted to use it anyway as it was only about 5 degrees during our stay. i think there was also a gym as well.the restaurant served ok-ish food. it depends on whether you mind trying new things. we only had breakfast there and they did have fry-ups. though this was 'chinese style.' i just had toast with jam every morning.on free evenings, i made the most of the room service. it wasnt overly expensive and was just like ordering a chinese take away! the sweet and sour pork was to die for- the best food i had all week! they bring your food right up to your room on a trolley and give you cutlery as well as chopsticks.the location of the hotel was excellent. it was next to a metro stattion, so you didnt have far to walk to get to places. there was also a shopping district up the road and we could see the pearl tv tower from our window! If traffic noise affects your sleep i wouldn't recommend this hotel, as it is on the corner of a 6-lane road, which was noisy, as the chinese seem to beep all the time! though this may depend on which side of the building your room is on.overall, i did enjoy my stay at this hotel. i think it was more of a 3.5- 4* hotel, rather than a 3*.	
Aug 22 2006 	3 star hotel	It was what we expected from a 3-star hotel. The staf was friendly, the rooms were clean, the breakfast was good (lots of different food). The location was not good.	
May 27 2006 	Good value - great location over the metro	We stayed here over a week. We thought it was good value. Very clean. More like 3 and half stars. The hotel sits right on top of the subway entrance which means everything is only a few minutes away by train - avoid peak hour! Some reception staff had good english, others were lacking, but all tried to be helpful. A lot of tour groups stayed here. The &quot;Steak King&quot; accross the road was good value for meals - but don't expect western style food. Nothing much else is nearby. The western breakfast was OK but the bacon was usually cold. The prices for taxis on their website were quite accurate- taxis are cheap in Shanghai, but get reception to write down your destnation in chinese, and carry a map of where the hotel is located - most taxi drivers hadn't heard of it!	
May 26 2006	Not the best - needs work on staff and management	This was the worst of five hotels we stayed at in China and Hong Kong on a pre-booked tour, so we didn't have any choice where we stayed. Had read the other reviews before we went and confirm that staff on the front desk were very surly and unco-operative ( anumber of our party had problems with being charged for water they had not had from the mini-bar,or were the hotel trying to charge for water bought outsideand brought in?), the bar service was either poor or non-existent (one night the bar was closed because they had set it up for a meeting the next day!), the pool was empty of water as they didn't fill it up until June, although it was already 80^ F at the end of April. In the dining room, they were unprepared for diners wanting a bottle of wine with their dinner - no choice, and confusion in the opening, and having to pay cash as it was delivered! The buffet dinner we has was the poorest quality we experienced in China, and the&quot;Western&quot; dinner which the tour operator had organised had to be seen to be believed (I blame the tour co).On the other hand, the rooms were very spacious and we found them quite clean. When we returned at the end of the tour for one night we were surpised to find ourselves in one of their duplexes, with a lovely spiral staircase leading from the downstairs lounge with TV to the upstairs bedroom with another TV and ensuite etc. The long curtains covering the double height windows by the staircase needed cleaning as did the windows, but overall we enjoyed that room. The only other problem with the rooms was that (and we were not alone in our party with this) the keycard locking system was difficult to operate and didn't work much of the time.There is a Metro station next door to the hotel, and its just off one of the very busy (and chaotic) main roads.As this hotel was included in the tour price, it is not possible for me to say whether or not it is value for money, but you would not want to pay too much to stay here.	
Aug 17 2005	A little on the seedy side	The Zhao An was the least expensive Shanghai hotel choice on my recent gotoday Beijing/Xian/Shanghai trip. The exterior looked promising, all mirrored glass and angles, but having to drag my bag up the steps into a very small lobby was the first bad sign. The lobby was packed with a group of schoolchildren and an Australian tour group. Checking in took a while and a key deposit was required but they did take Amex. There was a sign saying some guest rooms had high speed internet access at no charge and I requested one.Opening the door to my room was a let down. Seedy is the best word to describe it. The wall behind the luggage platform was very scuffed and the wardrobe was a dated pastel color. My room was one in from the corner and was somewhat oddly shaped, giving me a very large and modern bathroom, the cleanest I had found in China. I also had an alcove with a desk and the promised internet access with a cable. From peeking into other rooms mine was definitely not the norm. The low and firm two full size beds had comforters with covers that were changed daily (if the card was left on the bed) instead of blankets and top sheets. Two free mineral waters were replenished daily.The restaurant offered a buffet breakfast that was included in my package and the best thing about it was the chef who made fresh omelettes. However there were just eggs, no choice of fillings whatsoever. The rest of the buffet was just to satisfy hunger. We chose to eat in the hotel one night and they were out of practically everything. One by one we made our selections and each time the waitress came back and said they were out. She was very pleasant and recommended an excellent dish when I was out of things to order but it was an annoying experience. And the chef did send over a free vegetable dish to apologize.Location wise it seemed a distance away from what I wanted to see but cabs were very cheap. The gift area in the lobby did have the best looking 2008 Beijing Olympics T-shirt I had found anywhere and I'm only sorry I didn't get one for everybody as they all want mine.My friend used the pool but I wouldn't. The tiles had blackened grout and there was no chlorine smell.My friends had to stay an extra day because of booked flights and they were only charged the extra $35 USD group rate so I guess this is a fairly cheap hotel, especially for Shanghai. For the price I would have to say it's a good value but personally I would rather spend the extra money for a better room and location. My friends had already booked when I decided to join them but next time I'll stay away from cheap travel packages and go back to booking my own.	
Jul 20 2005	A slightly-above-average 3* hotel with definite room for improvement in service	We found the Zhao An to be a slightly-above-average 3* hotel that offers good value for money in Shanghai, which tends to have more expensive hotel rooms than many other Chinese cities. We had booked two Superior rooms, however upon arrival we were upgraded to suites since all of the Superior rooms were occupied. Extremely pleased with this upgrade - the suites were very clean, on two floors and one of them even had a kitchenette. The free ADSL broadband connection in the room generally worked well throughout our stay. Unfortunately can't comment on the other rooms at the hotel since we did not see them.Breakfast was rather disappointing though, and with hindsight we ought not to have bothered, and spent the RMB 40 per breakfast elsewhere. The quality of the buffet and presentation was poor, and the staff generally unhelpful and unfriendly. As breakfast items ran out, staff were often reluctant to provide more when requested. In addition, catering for vegetarians was not at all good.Service at front desk was also rather variable - some staff were efficient and friendly, whereas others did not seem to keen to provide good service - this is a shame. With a little extra training in customer service and improvements to the breakfast facilities, this could be an excellent 3* hotel.	
May 2 2005	Disappointed	I stay at this hotel because I read good reviews from a website. I am disappointed. First of all, I'm Asian (Thai) and do not speak of word of Chinese.  When I checked in my room, I found out that the air-condition was not working at all. The room has only one window. And being on the 9th floor, it was very windy, plus the construction going on outside was noisy. So, I went down to the front desk and ask if they could get me a different room. This lady looked at me with an attitude, and said &quot;No more room&quot;, and walked away. She didn't even look at her computer or anything. As I stood there dumb founded, she came back with look of &quot;Why am I still there?&quot;. I asked her to get someone to fix the air-con, she said &quot;Okay&quot; and walked away again. I retreated back to my room and felt like being scolded by a school master. So, besides very little English, the front desk people have an attitude. Never once when I leave the hotel did anyone ever ask me if I need a taxi or help in anyway. While I have seen them asked to help any caucasian, and always with a great smile.  One morning, I decided to try their breakfast at 40 Yuan. Arrived at the restaurant at 10:25am. Paid the money and got a seat. Coffee came with no spoon, no sugar and no cream. I usually have a cup or two before eating something. Anyway, as I was going to grab a few things to eat from the buffet table, I was told by a woman to please hurry as they are about to take the food away. They advertised that breakfast was from 7am to 11am, and it was only 10:32am. They should have told me this before I paid my money. I demanded for my money back, and left. The day I checked out, I paid 3135 Yuan for the room and phone calls. I stay 8 days. Then, the guy presented me with another bill (12 Yuan) for a missing hand towel. I tried to tell him that I did not take it. How can I prove that something was not missing? Well, I paid the 12 Yuan so I could just get out of that hotel. Again, with 2 luggages, no one helped me.  Not all were bad of course, the room, bed, blanket, and towels were clean. The room got done twice daily. The bathroom was good. The maid were nice and friendly, unlike the front desk people. Two free bottles of water daily. However, the coffee in the room is 2 Yuan per package. Beware.	
May 2 2005	?????????		
May 2 2005	??????		
Aug 31 2009 	?????		
Aug 29 2009 	???		
Aug 22 2009 	??????????		
Jul 29 2009 	????		
Jul 12 2009 	?????????		
Mar 28 2009 	????		
Mar 27 2009	?????????????		
Jan 24 2009 	???????????????		
Jan 24 2009 	?????????????		
Jan 24 2009 	??		
Oct 28 2008 	?????????????		
