	Cold and arrogant staff in a great city.	The hotel is nice, not as nice as it's sister property (Sheraton) just behind, but the staff at the Four Points can be summed up as being COLD! I am not sure if it was due to the weather, me being a foreigner or just them having a bad day. They lacked smiles, they never really greeted you upon check in. More like a factory producing widgets, in this case, giving rooms to the people that walk in with or without reservations.Don't get me wrong, after you check in it goes up hill, entering the corner room with a view of both PuDong and the Bund, unfortunately the SMOG (no fault of the hotel this time) did not do justice to the view that could be had! The location is about a 20 min taxi ride out of PuDong, and the subway system is a 5 min walk from the back door (facing the Sheraton) - for the mobility challenged, be warned, there are no escalators or elevators on the hotel side, I only saw an entrance on the other side of the road.The rooms are well furnished, I had a deluxe suite with 1.5 washrooms (and no goldfish bowl shower/ bath tub setup). There is an in room safe which I suggest everyone to use while traveling anywhere that offers one, not just here.As for the hotel, there is no exec lounge, so for those looking for lounge access, not available, the gym is a basic setup (no pool), and free Wifi in the lobby. I suggest anyone looking to use to sit near the back door as there are tables setup and 1 workstation available for those that did not bring their own PC.Now the food... the cafe on 2. I hit this place for the breakfast buffet. Service... very bare bones, never asked for coffee/ tea, and when I asked for black tea, they said they did not have any and only said chinese (yellow label tea), the coffee you can skip, yes they use a fancy grind and brew per cup but the coffee sucks and only luke warm at best! The coffee in room is 100X better tasting and HOT! As for food, you can skip the hot soy milk, it was burnt both days and I did mention this to the waiters and they only said it is like that... BURNT soy milk? maybe it is an acquired taste to the local shanghainese, not to us foreigners. the omlette station only makes one type of omlette and one type of egg preparations so save your breath with saying vegi/ egg white omlette, you will get a fully loaded omlette, and for the sunnyside lovers, it will always be over easy, no matter how many times you tell them, DO NOT FLIP THE EGG! Maybe it is my accent they do not understand. They are very slow to replenish the food stations. The second say, I did give up and just left to get a big breakfast from McDonald's as the coffee there was hot and the food was the same quality (not good but will do the job in a pinch) I would expect all over the world and not from an international hotel's restaurant. Maybe I am just picky or I woke up on the wrong side of the bed but I find there is a lot of room to improve or maybe this was a Corporate request to drop down their service level as they would be directly competing with their 5 star sister property behind them???I will book the Sheraton next time as the price was only 10% more but the facilities when I toured justified the difference.	
Nov 22 2009 	Beautiful hotel 29 floors with panoramic restaurant at the last one	central position, close to metro, 10 minute walk from Financial Centre.free internet in the lobby, big room, king size double bed!	
Nov 13 2009 	Reasonably good hotel	I have stayed in this hotel half a dozen times during the past 2 - 3 years. I was surprised reading the kind of negative reviews prior to my latest stay and I was a bit worried when arriving.Fortunately I had a very pleasant stay, perhaps better than any of my previous stays. Also this time, my room was very nice and clean. Some staff was like in any other Chinese hotel and the most of them were very nice and polite.I would like to recommend the restaurant at the top floor. Usually I do not eat at the hotel restaurants, but this time and during my previous stay I had to do so due to my schedules. The noodle lunch is of excellent value and the great view is a bonus. The evening &quot;buffet&quot; is worth every RMB. It has nothing to do with the European &quot;buffet&quot; with tired food. For a fixed price you can eat as much as you want many types of Asian food: sushi, teppanyaki, noodles, ..... Everything is prepared on order and served to your table.The location is not perfect for a tourist, but the transportation in Shangai is very inexpensive. For airport transfer I would recommend taking the maglev-train. It takes about 10 minutes from the train station to the hotel. Based on experience, the train + taxi is faster than taxi from the airport.	
Sep 27 2009 	stay away you can do much better at other hotels in Shanghai	I come to Shanghai on business often and have stayed at other starwood brand hotels. This time my spouse was joining me for a mini long weekend in Shanghai. This is the first time for me to stay at Four Point Sheraton Pudong. I Very disappointed by how poorly trained the front desk staffs of this hotel is trained and how poorly they treat their guest. I'm a gold member of Starwood program and have stayed at many of its hotels in US and China. The person who checked me in argued with me about my reservation and acted like he was doing me a favor for upgrading me to a room class that I booked online. The room was small even though it was the deluxe size, hate to see what the regular size room look like. The only starwood hotel that I'm being charged for using the sauna. The gym is small and poorly equipped. Though there were many choices for breakfast, food quality is way below standard and some just plain bad even for chinese hotel food. I travel extensively for business and this is by far the most disappointing experience I have for being a part of the sheraton brand. Stay at the Four Point Sheraton Daning, you will get much better quality of service and comfort all around at a better price.	
Jul 4 2009 	4 points upon 10	Having had great experiences with other Starwood hotels, we wanted to choose a Starwood hotel for our first trip to Shanghai to ensure a great trip. We decided to try out Four Points by Sheraton as it was new to us. The experience turned out immensely disappointing.Service:Service fell sharply of the upscale image the chain would like to project.No doorman or porter greeted us when we first entered the hotel. It felt like the hotel had recently underwent a retrenchment exercise; besides the three counter staff, there was no one else to be seen. At the SPG (Starwood Preferred Guest) counter we were served by a moody-faced girl who looked absolutely unhappy to be at work. She was not very competent in English so we switched to speaking Mandarin to hurry along the process. She was not only unappreciative, her attitude got worse.We were surprised by the large sum of deposit we had to give (CNY1500; we were only in Shanghai for 3 days and thus did not bring along a lot of cash), and after we had given the deposit we contemplated using a credit card instead. The girl made a big show of tearing up the receipt she had issued for the cash and had a look of extreme annoyance. We quickly realised we had forgotten our credit cards, and at this point she had forgotten all manners and threw the new receipt she had written without even looking at us. Seeing there was no manager around and also that we were on a tight schedule we did not pursue this appalling incident, but it had left us with a dismal first impression of Four Points Pudong.Throughout our stay, most of the staff we encountered appeared to be in a hurry and behaved as if we were in their way. They do not seem to realise that hotel guests are the very reason for them having their jobs. Out of the 15 or so staff we encountered during our stay, only the 2 concierges, the chambermaid and our checkout staff were pleasant. Rooms:The room was relatively modern and clean, possessing all the fittings expected of a Starwood hotel. The neutral theme was aesthetically pleasing. One nice touch in particular was the french press. The King standard room we received differed from the one shown on the website. Instead of the modern bathroom with a window to the room, we had a normal separate bathroom (with tub). Also, there was only a small armchair instead of a sofa (I supposed one person was expected to enjoy their coffee on the bed). The window was tiny, no bigger than two pieces of A4 paper, which rendered being on a higher level (16th) pointless. Overall, while not greatly detrimental, it was slightly disappointing as I had preferred the look of the room presented on the website. Pluses were the comfortable bed, 2 of 2 types of pillows, large tv (with foreign channels such as TV5 Monde &amp; BBC), and the lovely plaid carpet. One additional point to note is that the water temperature in the bathroom takes 5mins to adjust, so be careful with setting it too hot.Location:I can't imagine this place being a good location for anyone. While there was a metro stop (Tangqiao, line 4) right outside the Sheraton next door, it will take a minimum of half an hour to get anywhere one would possibly like to visit in Shanghai -- considering that the metro for this line generally took 10mins to arrive. Additionally, service on this particular line (and other newer lines) ended pretty early, around 10pm. Cab rides were faster but as you might know, cabs can be scarce when you need them the most and traffic can be horrendous in Shanghai. Cab fare from the Bund to hotel was about CNY25; CNY14 from Times square.The hotel area was quite gray and honestly not an area I would want to venture about alone. There was a 24h McDonald's right opposite the hotel, a beef noodles place and a convenience store, but that was about it. The entrance of McDonald's was crowded with pedicabs and their drivers -- who tried to cajole anyone within earshot into taking their pedicabs.We had flown in from Guangzhou so we arrived at Hongqiao Airport. While there was no fancy Maglev, we were able to take a public bus (938, alight at stop #15 Ningyang Road) which costed merely CNY6 per person and was a nice way for a first look at Shanghai. The ride took about an hour in good traffic. While the bus was not very clean (I feel confident in saying the curtains have not been washed in at least 5 years), it was still decent and the lady bus conductor was warm and helpful -- informing us personally of our stop and pointing the way to our hotel. Walking distance from stop to hotel was less than 5mins even with luggage. We also tried out taking the metro (alighting at Beixinjing and then taking a short, CNY21 cab ride) to Hongqiao Airport -- it was very inconvenient with the interchanges when you have luggage (at 1 of the interchanges we had to walk about 5mins to get to the relevant line).Cleanliness:Hotel and room were both very clean. No faults here. We had left our pajamas on the chair, and upon our return found them neatly folded by the chambermaid. Sadly this was the only hint of Sheraton hospitality throughout our 3-day stay.Value:If one were able to get an excellent deal during off-peak season and were solely interested in having a room to stay in, this hotel would perhaps be considered to be of good value. Taking into consideration the poor service and location, personally we felt this hotel to be of poor value -- especially for a Sheraton. Overall the experience feels 4 points all right -- upon 10. Definitely would not consider staying here again.	
Jun 12 2009 	Very comfortable rooms	One cannot fault the rooms of this hotel. They are very modern and everything you'd expect of a Sheraton. The views are fantastic, too. Breakfast is a reasonably good mix of Asian and Western choices.The location is not ideal if you need to be downtown as the traffic is horrendous. However, there is a very good metro next to the hotel which is extremely easy to use, clean, safe and reliable.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good hotel but inconvinient Location	This is a very good and new hotel with very good nice rooms and amenities. The hotel staff was nice but the location is not good but anyway nice to stay if you are on business trip.	
Nov 2 2008	Four Points Shanghei	We stayed here 10/29/08 for 2 nights. The hotel is in the new section of Shanghai, the Pudong area, east of the Bund. Traffic in Shanghai is horrible and so travel times anywhere is long. The room was spacious and very clean. We had a King on the 6th floor. The Breakfast buffet was very disappointing considering this is a Sheraton property. The Holiday Inns we stayed in previously were much better. For a vegetarian there were only bread and pastries to be found. There was some fruit, and hot meat dishes. Breakfast is on the 29th floor, so there is a view, although very hazy due to the smog. The rooms have French press coffee in them which was very good compared to the hotel coffee at breakfast. Actually the room coffee was very good coffee in general.	
Feb 3 2008 	Good Hotel with ample amendities nearby	Our company sent us there for our annual sales conference and i have to say that this is one of the better hotel that we have stayed in.It's clean, the front desk and service staff are friendly. The ballroom that we had our meetings in are well layout and comfortable.The only dislike i have of Four Point was it's location, it did'nt helped that it was snowing heavily when we were there and trying to get a cab to go downtown can be quite a hassle. Other than that, this is one hotel that i would recommend for travellers looking for a hotel in the suburb area.	
Jun 2 2007 	Nice hotel Poor location Unfriendly attitudes	We came to this hotel on May 29,2007 at around 1 pm. At that time, no one in the lobby helping us for the luggage. When my wife check in for room, she ask if she as SPG member could have a better room, but the lady (NOT the trainee) told her that she need to stay in the hotel 25 times in order to have a better room and then gave her the key card of Room 702. We check in the room and I saw that there are many hairs on the floor, therefore I went down to the front desk to complain at once. Then they put us to another room, No.1616. It is same kind of room as 702 (comfort twin), but different floor and no hairs on the floor. During these couple days, I noticed that most of the staff in this hotel don’t have a smiley face and don’t understand English very well. To be honest, this is the first time we choose Four Points, but I don’t think we will come back again to a hotel without a warm feeling. By the way, I would like to say thanks to Tony, Guest Service Manager. He is the one who can communicate with English. Talking about location, the nearest metro is 25 minutes walk, but they are building one underground.	
May 28 2007	Very Pleasant Experience - Compared to the other 4 Points Property	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights over 2 different stays in May.Public Areas: Stylish/Clean. No pool.Location: Poor but 10 mins taxi ride to almost anywhere.Room: Nice and Clean. Free internet access. No tub but not sure its necessaryService: Prompt but the service industry in China just isnt as attentive and sincere as other leading Asian cities. When I asked for a complimentary shoe shine, the service was offered but the staff who came for my shoes gave me a mean look.I would stay here again, despite its location. My experience at the 4 points in Daning was simply too terrible.	
Feb 22 2007 	Very nice hotel but location is not central	This was a very new, modern hotel with very nice rooms and amenities. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The lobby and common areas aesthetically pleasing. The only negative is that the location is not very central. It is in a &quot;suburb&quot; of Shanghai. There is a busy shopping district that is less than a 10 minute cab ride away. Downtown Shanghai is a good 20-25 minute cab ride away.	
Jan 8 2007	Nice service inconvenient location	Although the services are basic and not very geared to the foreign tourist, the quality of service here couldn't have been nicer. All the staff were exceptionally pleasant (not true in all hotels in China), and also exceptionally responsive to requests. Nearly every request we had was acted on within 5 minutes.The downside of the hotel is its location. The hotel advertises itself as being next to a subway station, but in reality this subway station hasn't opened yet, and won't open until the end of 2007. The closest open subway station is a 20 minute difficult walk through a heavily trafficked sidwalks. The hotel is also in a commercially isolated area -- there are no restaurants or stores in walking distance of the hotel, making one feel stuck. The hotel is a good 20 minutes cab ride from the Bund. While travel by cab is not expensive, it can be very difficult to find an empty cab in the evening to get back to the hotel.While the decor of the hotel is pleasant, I sense there were some recurring issues with the hotel's physical plant. We had several problems with pumbling (clogged pipes, rattling pipes) occuring in two different rooms.	
Aug 23 2006	Extremely clean stylish facilities	I would not hestitate to stay in this hotel over and over again if it were not for the terrible sheets/bedding. They were as hard as sandpaper and seemed like they had never been washed when they came from the factory.	
Jun 27 2006 	Brand new discovery	The Hotel opened doors on May 23, 2006, so everything is brand spanking new, so new it even smelled new. The building used to be the Grand You You Hotel but has been transformed entirely. There will be a Sheraton in the vicinity soon.Welcoming and elegant Lobby, friendly greetings - check-in staff was very helpful and changed my room when I asked for one with a bath-tub.The rooms are well-sized and clean - both in design and as such. Plenty of lights, with an impressive 32&quot; LCD TV, a friendly little sitting area, enough smartly placed mirrors, a truly comfortable bed. The bathroom has a window to the room - which is great since it lets in some natural light. And there is a privacy screen that descends on the push of a button when needed. Another nifty feature of the bathroom: an ambient light that is just perfect at night - enough to see everything but no blinding pain when you switch it on.There are other 'little things' that make the stay enjoyable: two free bottles of drinking water are sitting in the bathroom, and a fresh orchid was placed there as well to bring some colour to the plate, you also have the much appreciated coffee and tea to make yourself. There is an evening turn-down service, the in-room air-conditioning works great, but the floors were at times rather hot during this time of the year..The breakfast buffet is VERY complete and offers everything you can look for in a Western Breakfast with plenty of Asian options as well, there even is a chef preparing your eggs to order.The fitness facilities had a temporary home on the 28 floors (which still needs to be renovated) - but provided enough for a basic workout.So - this is an efficient and agreeable hotel, which was located just right for reaching the New International Expo Center as well as taking a quick trip to town, or the sights in Pudong. All in all, perfect for a budget conscious business traveller who stills wants style and convenience.Only one thing: I was repeatedly charged for items from the minibar which I hadn't touched during my stay. But I was able to sort things out quickly with the helpful staff.With everything being so new, staff sometimes seemed a bit overwhelmed - but once these last growing pains are sorted out, the hotel is definitely worth staying there. The Four Points was a safe, clean and truly comfortable place to stay.	
Mar 23 2005	You You So So	This modern four-star &quot;business&quot; hotel in Pudong is not too close to anything. However, taxis are both cheap and exciting so that wasn't a major factor for us.The rooms are fairly large and well maintained. The mattresses are too firm for our tastes, but similar to those experienced in two other four-star hotels on the same trip.The breakfast buffet was plentiful in one sense, but repetitive and without too much for the non-Asian guest. The coffee, however, was excellent!The restaurant on the top floor had a great view, although the room itself was too bright, and we dined well for less than $20 for the two of us. The English translation allowed us to pass on such delicacies as Frog Soup in Green Colour and Stewed Pig's Rectum.The bar was a noisy and cramped space that we bypassed. The main-floor restaurant (where breakfast is served) doesn't have much in the way of ambience either. We did not visit the hotel's other two restaurants, beauty salon, or bowling alley. The outdoor pool was not yet open for the season.Lack of employee fluency in English was a surprise to us with so many tourists present, but possibly due to its niche as a &quot;business&quot; hotel. This led to a mildly annoying incident just before we left. A sign in the lobby advertises an airport shuttle about four times daily. Employees told us twice that we did not require a reservation. We still asked the day before departing, and were first told at the desk that there was NO shuttle. The concierge/bellhop desk then left us standing for upwards of 15 minutes before returning with a translation that the 8:00 a.m. shuttle was &quot;booked up. Sorry, have a nice day.&quot; Still, the shuttle is currently 40 Yuan each (about US $5), and the taxi ride to Pudong Airport (PVG) is about $120 Yuan, so the experience was at least as amusing as it was annoying.We stayed at the You You for a total of six nights in two stays as part of a tour package, and by definition it was excellent value. I wouldn't go out of my way to look for it again, but it met our needs.	
Dec 19 2008 	Ottimo se partecipi a una Fiera a Pudong		
