Oct 30 2009 	Reasonably priced 5star	The Broadway Mansions in Shanghai was built in 1934 and has recently been refurbished in modern Art Deco style. Situated close to The Bund and within walking distance of Nanjing Pedestrian Street. What a pleasant experience after our disaster at The Bund Riverside Hotel. Here everything was spotless and state of the art. Rooms were well equiped with amenities. The TV is also a PC in your room.There is a minimal charge to use the internet. Tea and coffee facilities are available and the utensils are packed very neatly into specifically designed draws. Iron and ironing board stored in the wardrobe as is the room safe. The service was impecable and the staff well versed in English and other languages. When there was need for service in the room, someone was there almost immediately. No swiming pool but a very good exercise facility and spa/beauty parlour. Quality control was high on the agenda. The Breakfast room overlooks The Bund and the choice of food was quite extensive and suitable for all tastes. This hotel, in my opinion is a &quot;Hidden Gem&quot;	
Oct 10 2009 	Most enjoyable stay!	We stayed at the Broadway for 5 nights and honestly I must say this was one of the best hotels we've ever stayed at. All the staff spoke English, they were always friendly and polite and very helpful. They called the airline to confirm our flight when we checked out. They wrote our sightseeing destinations in Chinese for us and told us approx. how much the taxi ride would cost. No detail was spared. The rooms were impeccable, they thought of everything from the fluffy bathrobes to a flashlight plus the desk drawer had every international voltage plug so we could recharge our camera battery plus our laptop.The only downside was the construction on the Bund, just made the walk to Nanjing Rd a few minutes more. Room service was delivered quick - less than 15 minutes! The delivery boy was very appreciative when I gave him a tip. The price for this hotel would be way more than what we paid for come 2010. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 24 2009 	Cool hotel TERRIBLE construction site (at least until 2010)	Like: - prime locaton on the famous bund street (though during my stay, the city is renovating the bund for 2010 SH Exhibition event, making ALL hotels on/around bund a huge construction site)- well-preserved old-time charm- solid isolation, i mean sound proof: we stayed on 7th floor, construciotn outside went on 24hrs, when we opened the window, it was insupportable, but once we closed the window, we heared nothing...- very confortable bed- great, great view (Please, DO book a room with the river view, otherwise why pay the price staying on bund, facing the ugly street view???)Hate: - the fact that there is practically no bund life until 2010 - OMG, the so-called continental breakfast, which they charge $20/ per person, was a scandal: warm orange juice, cold/ stale cafe, unfresh meat...go out to any bistro in SH you can have excellent food for half the price- smell: a vague but strong smell of kitchen or garbage in the lobby and the stairs, making me doubt the hygiene of the hotel, despite the almost impeccably roomConclusion: still the best deal on bund street with river view and old-time charm. just wait until 2010 event (the price will be tripled though...)-	
Aug 1 2009 	A very pleasant and comfortable hotel with excellent service	We stayed at the Broadway Mansions June 30, July 1, July 2, July 21 and July 22, 2009. Not only were we pleased with the overall service but the breakfast was superb. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and they were eager to please their guests. I was happy with the hotel and I would return again. I have stayed at several similar hotels in Shanghai and this was the best. It is a short walk to the Bund (under construction for the 2010 Expo) and Nanjing Road. Taxis were easy to find and the hotel has a beautiful view of the Huangpu river and night lights. I had a coke at the bar and I thought it was excessively priced, but not any more than other hotel bars. If you happen to dislike your room, just ask and the staff will asccommodate you. I was dissappointed because the hotel charges for internet but many hotels in Shanghai do the same. Considering the convenient location and the quality of the room, I think it is one of the best for the money. Charles and Gloria Juedemann, Union, Missouri USA	
Jun 7 2009 	OK- but needs to review standards	Hotel is close to start of Bund- a 11 CYN taxi or 10 min walk to closest Subway stop on Line 2 Nanjing East. Staff was nice. Room clean and reasonable size. Problem was TV and Air did not work properly 1st night. Went and called the frount desk 3 times. It was the maid in the hallway that got someone to come and fix the problem. Breakfast is OK- about 128CYN or 18US. Internet is expensive. Hotel needs to make sure staff checks out rooms before putting a guest in one. Bellmen and all staff are above average.	
Mar 13 2009 	Comfortable and well priced	I recently stayed at Broadway Mansions hotel for 5 nights. The room was clean and comfortable and the view was stunning. The staff were friendly and spoke enough English to understand. The hotel is a little isolated and you should be prepared to walk to the main tourist areas ( 10-15 minutes ) . Even when taking a cab be prepared to endure awful traffic jams ( but that is the case at most hotels around the Bund). I never had the breakfast but there is a great Japanese restaurant on premises which was ideal for business lunches. Overall for around $120 /night its a great deal !	
Nov 6 2008 	Recently renovated and excellent value !	Stayed October 11-20, 2008 in Room 811 with views of Souzhou Creek and Huangpu River. Very clean and comfortable room with plasma TV and large modern bathroom with tub and walk-in shower.Excellent buffet breakfast selections. Very pleasant and helpful staff. All in all, I can emphatically recommend this hotel!	
Oct 27 2008 	Nice Hotel	Our room was on the 15th floor, facing the Bund. The view was awesome. There is a construction right in front of the hotel, so if you need to take a nap during the day, it’s very noisy. The breakfast was not included, so we had breakfast outside of the hotel. The hotel bar is very expensive comparing to the other hotels that we stayed during our China trip. If you are looking to have a great view of the Bund and the river, it’s a great hotel to stay. But if you don’t care, you can find a better place to stay.	
Jun 30 2008	Appalling Service Iffy location	Get used to the staff of such an outwardly upscale hotel laughing at you -- as you ask for directions or to make a dinner reservation. They do *not* speak English proficiently and out of embarrassment (?) will often giggle. Avoid the concierge service as much as possible, we were frequently given wrong information.The location would be ok, but the hotel is currently cut off from the Bund (there used to be a pedestrian bridge), so you are obliged to take taxis just about anywhere. They are doing construction work below, so expect some re-shuffling of rooms if they give you anything below the 13th floor. Service is thoughtlessly bad -- cleaning women come round late after noon (and will open the room door, even if you're in it) to give you absurd gifts (cheap little pouches), the breakfast staff will forget about coffee refills while whisking any plate you finish while you're still chewing. A real disappointment.	
Jun 20 2008 	Just a passable hotel service is low quality	I and a group of colleagues stayed there for 5 nights and we were disappointed. The rooms are good and clean. I stayed on the Executive floor, facing the Bund with an amazing view. The noise for the works on the bridge were not a problem since they stopped working during the night. The main problems were with the service. The staff at the concierge speak a very limited English and if you have requests that are not the usual &quot;please write the address of the fabric market in Chinese for the taxi driver&quot; they will have troubles understanding. In 2 occasions they gave the wrong address to the taxi driver and, in general, they seem not willing to help.In two occasions the room service entered the room despite the 'do not disturb' sign on the door. The minibar was not refurbished after use.At night we also saw pimps in front of the hotel. One guest of the hotel spit in the lobby and the staff didn't complain or anything. Overall, we don't recommend it.	
Jun 3 2008 	An encouraging mixture	We stayed in the Broadway Mansion Hotel for four nights in early May, having been booked there by a Chinese Travel Agent whom we know and trust implicitly.The hotel is a striking, solid block in a dominant position overlooking the Bund, and also the building site where the new Bund bridge is being constructed. That said, the noise was never apparent although the detour to pick up the side of the river was unfortunate.The rooms were as one might expect, comfortable and well-maintained. That said, we were moved and up-graded after the first night, because our room was to be 'refurbished', and moved and up-graded again after the second night because of the strong smell of solvent in the corridor from the adjacent, in-house rebuilding. And the third room was just fine!The staff were exceedingly helpful and welcoming.Would I stay there again - yes, and in the hope that the internal and external building work had at last been finished. With that, it is certainly one of the very best positioned hotels in Shanghai.	
Mar 30 2008 	Enjoyed stay at the Broadway Mansions Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for three nights at the end of march 2008. My room was on one of the upper floors, facing the Bund in an executive suite. The view was great and produced some amazing photos. Unfortunately direct access to the Bund was restricted because they are currently working on the bridge. To get to the Bund pedestrians had to walk about a 8min detour across a bridge further along the creek.Internet access in the Business Centre was on the expensive side.Rooms were made up expertly each day and bathroom amenities were refilled.Beds were extremely comfortable in comparison to the norm of hard beds in China.The restaurants were all great. The service was impeccable at the Chinese retaurant on level 2 as well as in the Lobby Cafe. I enjoyed a few wines in the lobby cafe on Friday night whilst waiting for it to get dark and the city lights to come on. It should be noted that during the week nights the city lights do not all come on for power saving effort. The floor to ceiling windows here make it easy to people watch and see the traffic and bicycles go by.	
Nov 1 2007 	Still under renovation 2-3 star hotel with 5 star view (if you can get it)	I stayed at this hotel in mid-October 2007 on one of the upper floors, facing the Bund in an executive suite. The view was really great and is the hotel's best feature. The next best feature is the location if you plan to hang around the Bund for most of your stay. We didn't and so it became an issue later as we had to fight the traffic to and from our hotel to get to other parts of the city. The biggest issue is that the hotel is still under renovation so if you get a room on one of the floors being renovated you can expect noise, smells (some fairly foul, maybe from toilets being replaced?) and workers walking around and leaving their equipment in the hallways. In our case, to get to our room we had to walk on drop cloths, past ladders, unfinished rooms and step over a bucket of dirty water that was inexplicably left in front of our door for three days. I purposely didn't call the front desk about it to see if the workers, or even the cleaning staff would take the initiative to remove it. They didn't. Only one elevator worked which was a problem during busy check-in and check-out times.The second biggest issue is that the hotel doesn't get the details right, and they add up. Our suite was nice, but not great. The bathroom was clean and functional, but the towels were several years too old (fraying at the edges). Little annoyances added up. Electrical switches were mislabeled and plugs were in inconvenient locations (I had to charge my cell phone in the hall for example), the room safe was not bolted down, the new wallpaper was peeling in places, the carpet looked old already, the computer in the room was very dusty and not plugged in, large paint splashes were in several places and all windows had numbers marked on them, probably from construction notes. I didn't see a single glass / metal surface cleaned properly. The elevator was always dirty. I felt that the cleaning staff was simply moving dirt around, not really cleaning.The daily breakfast was fine, although I think the staff was still trying to figure things out. Internet access was available only at an extra charge. Overall, the staff was friendly and helpful.My advice to travelers is to wait until the renovation is over unless you get a really good deal on a room facing the Bund on a floor that's not being renovated. Even then, don't expect a luxury hotel as this hotel simply doesn't get the details right. It's more of a two-three star hotel with a five star view.	
Oct 17 2007	Broadway Mansions just fine for us	My husband and I stayed at Broadway Mansions in Sept 2007 (booked through Haystack ) as a stopover on our way home to Oz from Europe and our experience was a very good one. The hotel was undergoing renovation but we were upgraded to an executive room at no extra cost and it was obviously one that had just been newly renovated. It was huge with a separate room with big desk with own computer - such a luxury as we hadn't had this anywhere in Europe. The bathroom was spotless and also obviously brand new. We didn't check out the gym or spa but we did find the hotel to be fantastically well located right on the Bund and we also found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. Also, we didn't check out the restaurant (except for breakfast which was ok)as you were spoilt for choice anyway on the Bund with eating options.Sure, there was a bit of noise and dust because of the renovation and yes one of the lifts wasn't working but this didn't really matter to us and we thought our $137.73 AUD cost for the night was fantastic value after what we had had in Europe.	
Sep 29 2007 	stay at broadway mansion at your own risk!	If you like cockroaches, filthy black carpets, non working elevators, rooms that smell of paint fumes and chemicals, this is the place for you. Though travelocity advertises this hotel as a 4star, when I arrived it was under construction. Hallway carpets were missing or black with dirt; only one elevator worked. the dining area and the rooms all reeked of toxic chemicals and they had the nerve to charge full price. If you stay here, you have been warned!!!!!!!!	
Aug 14 2007	AChinese Experience.	The Broadway Mansions Hotel is also known as the Shanghai Mansions which causes some confusion with taxi drivers! We stayed in a twin room in this hotel from 19th to 25th June 2007. We were looking forward to the promised and much publicised view of the river, boats etc. Instead we looked down on some very dingy buildings.Our room was large – as was the bathroom. The latter contained both bath and shower – shame that the shower cubicle didn’t have frosted glass and that the water leaked over the bathroom floor each time the shower was used. The bar of soap provided at the commencement of our stay became disgustingly soggy as time went on. Other complementary toiletries were replaced daily – including comb, shower cap, toothbrush and toothpaste. We were able to borrow a multiplug adaptor from the hotel.As other reviews have stated – the beds were very firm, but we really liked them and slept well until the hammering and banging from the construction of the new lobby woke us at 6am each morning. There is an in- room safe – in the bottom of the wardrobe at floor level. Ours was locked when we arrived but a handyman was able to open it for us – we did wonder how secure it really was after that experience. We asked for – and received - a very small and very wonky ironing board. I managed to level it by putting one of the legs inside a shoe!! We were left two sealed bottles of drinking water daily and this was extremely useful and much appreciated. There was also a jug of drinking water in the room – we passed on that one!The carpet was dirty but the rest of the room was of average cleanliness. The maid did her work extremely quickly and the floor was definitely not cleaned daily. There was quite a sophisticated lighting system which illuminated a ‘Do not Disturb’ light outside the door. Housekeeping still knocked the door even if that sign was on.Despite ‘coffee and tea making facilities’ being advertised, we were only ever left three kinds of tea bags – no sugar, no creamer and no coffee. The promised fresh fruit was delivered only on the first day of our stay.The doormen were excellent (and patient) in obtaining taxis for us, but the reception staff twice wrote our destination down incorrectly - costing us extra in both taxi fares and time. Being in a taxi with a driver who speaks no English and who has been given a card with the wrong information on it is extremely stressful and knowing that the taxi is taking you a long way from your intended destination creates anxiety. The sauna was non-existent, the fitness centre a joke. No Internet access was available within the hotel unless you had your own computer. We also did not find a business centre. The concierge was rarely to be found.The nearest Metro Station was too far away from this hotel for convenience. Reception staff was polite and businesslike but their language skills were extremely varied. Some of them were interested in helping us – others were indifferent.We booked the Airport shuttle – it looked very nice on the illustration in the temporary lobby – reality was somewhat different!! However it got us to the airport and out of a hotel we will never use again.	
Mar 31 2007	Landmark hotel with its own style	This is a solid mid-range hotel with all the facilities one can expect in that category. I was staying there in March 2007 and the room I had was spacious, clean, and comfortable. I would definitely fork out again for the river-view suite - the views are possibly the best one can have in Shanghai, overlooking both the colonial Bund and futuristic Pudong - at night it looks fantastic, and by day it's equally impressive. Without a river-facing suite, one can still enjoy the views from an 18th floor viewing balcony. The rooms have internet access, TV, minibar etc. - all the usual stuff.The hotel has character and its own style, which may or may not be to everyone's taste. Travellers expecting international chain hotel atmosphere shouldn't come here. Breakfast buffet (both Western style and Chinese) is good, but for dinner, avoid the hotel's eateries and head for much better (and/or cheaper) places elsewhere. In particular avoid the 'Western-style' menu in the otherwise cosy ground floor cafe/bar/restaurant - it's awful. The hotel staff are extremely friendly and helpful, even if their English language abilities varies. A range of day trips can be booked through the hotel. Other on-site services include a rather dingy sauna (better avoid), an OK gym, and Chinese massage. There is also a basement night-time only karaoke bar, which seems to cater in particular to Japanese and other Asian single male business travellers. BM is a landmark art deco building from the 1930s, and has featured in Shanghai's turbulent history. For tourist purposes, it's ideally located, minutes walk away from the Bund, and East Nanjing Road (the main shopping street). Taxis are cheap and always plentiful outside the hotel. Being surrounded by busy roads though, the hotel is not exactly in a quiet corner of Shanghai, and building site noise (which is difficult to escape anywhere in Shanghai) is also likely to impact on guests who might want to sleep or rest during the day.On the whole I would recommend BW to any active traveller who is looking for a bit of local flavour in their accommodation, but won't use the hotel too much apart from it being a convenient base to explore this truly exciting city. The history, views, and location makes this hotel above average for me, though for some visitors the amenities might result in a lower rating.	
Feb 25 2007	Broadway Mansion hotel ..	Stayed there for 3 nights feb20-23 as part of tour group. Very old hotel. Every room is different. Some rooms are reasonable, some not. Most room has Safe. No iron, small bathroom, old system with complicated light switches. Not as clean. Cannot move twin bed together. Can open windows.Internet at business center, limited hours. Cost 6 Yuan for 5 minutes. (7.6 Yuan per 1 US dollar)Breakfast on second floor, okay but not great..some food are cold. some fruit, french toast, eggs to order, limited supply.Good location. Only about 10 minutes walk to Nanjing Road where all the shoppings and activities are. 5 minutes to Bund.	
Jan 21 2007	Nice hotel - but very hard beds	The good: pretty good location and nice breakfast buffet (American or Chinese). The doormen are great (can hail you a taxi) and will confirm with driver your destination. The front desk has cards that state in English and Chinese &quot;Take me to __&quot; and they will fill in the Chinese for you. Everyone seemed to speak very good English. The hotel has English HBO and Cinimax. Room was very large with teriffic and newly remodeled shower/bathroom. But beware, every room was somewhat different when we compared them to others. Had post office and business center in hotel, as well as very pushy sales staff in attached gift shop.The bad: the ROCK HARD BEDS!!! The floor was softer than these beds. I have never slept on a brick bed before staying here. The others in our tour group all had the same complaint. Because I primarily use the hotel room for sleeping, I had to rate this hotel only 3 stars, even though it was great that they all spoke English and were very helpful.Although they had fast Internet, they charged $20 US a day or $1 a minute to use, which I thought was high.The food store in hotel was extremely high ($3.00 for a Coke that you could buy for .50 on street) but I guess that is to be expected at hotel.Bottom line, if part of an included tour group, not so bad. But if paying on own or going on business, the beds are just too hard and you could stay at better for the same price.	
Oct 29 2006 	Overrated a bit drabby internet not working.	The location is very good but the room is definitely not 4 star, more like 3 stars. The shower wouldn't drain but they got that fixed pretty quickly. The room is drabby and dirty and the sheets and towels are not changed regulary. In our room, the internet wasn't working when we checked in. After advising numerous staff (5 in total over a few days), it still wasn't fixed. We complained and then on our last and fifth day, they finally allowed us to use the Business Centre internet for free. The communication between staff in the hotel is very poor.	
Jul 14 2006	A Study in indifference	Hotel is conveniently located to the Bund and the rooms are large. After that it runs down hill quite rapidly. The desk just couldn't seem to get the names right on the room so it took about 20 minutes of discussion to get it 2/3 right. The Chinese restaurant staff was competent. The &quot;Western&quot; restaurant staff could walk right at you and never notice 6 people waving. The buffett dishes were only taken up after we left. We know this happened because they weren't there the next morning. The Cafe staff were somewhat quicker on the uptake. They smiled only when the bill was paid. 20 minutes for a morning cup of coffee with 2 patrons, 1 bartender and a waitress? Yep. 20 minutes. Nice price, but sans breakfast coupon and given the service somewhere else is probably a good idea.	
Apr 23 2006	Frustrated with my stay	I recently stayed with two other people for three nights at B'way Mansions and was r. disappointed. I had no idea the hotel is actively renovating rooms. There was no mention on the hotel website, nor was anything mentioned when I emailed to confirm nor when we checked in. We were informed by a small laminated notice on the desk in the room that construction had begun in December 2005 and would be going on daily until 6 pm. On our first morning there was only a dull buzz and a vague chemical smell before we left for the day. However, on the second morning, there clearly was the sound of construction going on above our room and an incredibly strong toxic, glue smell that permeated the entire suite. My other frustration was that after having initially made the reservation for the Deluxe Bund Suite which includes a king-size bed, I decided I wanted to be certain to get one of the newly renovated rooms and to change the reservation to 2 double beds. I had a Mandarin-speaking friend contact the hotel directly from the US and change the reservation. However, when we arrived at the hotel there was no room with 2 double beds available and the manager offered us an &quot;upgrade&quot; to a suite, assuring us that it was one of the renovated rooms. What we actually got was what we had initially reserved--there was no upgrade! At first I thought the manager had also lied about the room being one that was renovated--it looked nothing like the pictures on the Expedia website--but then we read in one of our travel guides that some rooms in the hotel underwent renovation several years ago. It is ridiculous and deceptive for the hotel to be calling those rooms renovated at this point especially when they are currently doing further work on other rooms!There were other small frustrations but nothing I would not expect at a hotel of this grade. The concerns I have elaborated above, however, are not due to the class of the hotel but to a general lack of consideration for patrons. On the up side, the room was clean and the view was excellent.	
Apr 7 2006	Should close while under construction	The hotel was under construction. The smell and pounding was evident throughout. We moved twice. Our last room was next door to a curtained off area that was being rehabbed, but atleast they weren't painting and staining any wood in the immediate area. The rooms were clean and the bathrooms were well scrubbed. The atmosphere was hurt by the disruptions going on throughout the building. I would advise that one hold off on reserving at this hotel until the improvements are completed, which by the size of the building, could be quite a while from now.	
Mar 30 2006	Good hotel	This hotel was a nice suprise. The hotel didn't look very nice from the outside, but the inside makes up for it. The staff was very friendly although their english skills could have been better. But they were really helpful in every way. The rooms were above average, we had 2 twin beds, but as they were so big we only used one. The bathroom was also very nice. I should mention, we had a superiour room....There were som construction work taking place on our floor, but as they worked from around 08 to around 6 pm it didn't bother us at all.We didn't try the breakfast as the price were quite stiff; 118 Yuan for the buffet. Instead we went to &quot;Manabe&quot; down on the bund for western sandwiches with coffee.The location was good too. A taxi to the xiangchang market (fake brands etc.) costs about 15 Yuan. The bund was just over the bridge, althought the bund is overrated in my opinion. Nothing much to see, just busy with tourists.We were very pleased with the hotel in overall, and we would stay there again when we return to Shanghai :)	
Nov 21 2005 	Nice Surprise!	If you are looking for Western service and amenities, this may not be the place, but if you are looking for a great location, great view, and a bit of old-world Shanghai, this is a great value. Accomodations more than adequate - spacious, high-ceilinged room (riverside - recommended for view; a bit noisy, but hey - it's Shanghai!) with everything needed for a comfortable stay. Restaurants a bit boring, but so much within walking distance it is irrelevant. I loved that I could fling open the windows and overlook the Bund, the river and Pudong across! Very colorful!!Recommended!	
Oct 4 2005	Average Hotel But Love the View	Overall, an average hotel with friendly staff. The view from the river front rooms are great. Excellent view of the Bund and Pudong.We had an Executive Room facing the river, which was rather dated. However, it was very spacious. The bathroom was clean but need a makeover. The beds are little hard but it is a common problem in China.But for the rate that we paid approx AUD $145, it is fairly good value. It is situated very close to the Bund but a fair walk to the Metro.	
Oct 3 2005	Great location nice room friendly staff!	Stayed there for 4 nights. The new decorated deluxe room was furbished and decorated in the best of taste. Small but very clean. Don't know if the standard rooms are as nice. the staff was very friendly and helpful. Very favourable price compared to good standard and fantastic location of hotel. The building is old, but in very good condition and everything is clean. The buffet breakfast is not very good (poor choice and expensive), better take your breakfast à la carte at the coffee shop (opened 24 h). Would choose this hotel again!	
Aug 27 2005	Old-style Shanghai	This is one of the old shanghai hotels with a lot of history and a lot of character. The staff were very pleasant and helpful in everyway possible. The location was also excellent, with some stunning views of the Pudong and the Bund. I stayed here twice, and on both occasions I was able to persuade the staff to upgrade me to a suite. The suites were very nice, spacious and well furnished. Ok ok, maybe I have the luck of the Irish with an irish passport but I got it twice so I would recommend others to try. All in all a very good standard hotel with a lot of character and charm.	
Oct 28 2009 	posizione strategica vista stupenda e camera ottima		
Sep 5 2009 	?????????????????		
Jan 9 2009	?????????????????		
