Oct 8 2009 	Decent hotel interesting location	This hotel is actually inside a soccer stadium. If you stay in a room between 1st and 9th floor you won't have a street view (you will be looking at the inside/lobby of the stadium. The basic rooms are slow but very clean and well-equipped. The hotel has a nice restaurant which serves great breakfast (combination of Chinese and western food). It has a health spa in the lobby which looks plush from the outside. There are some stores and a bar also located in the stadium. Not sure if there is anything else nearby. Overall, not crazy about the location but the hotel itself is very nice as a 4-star facility.	
Sep 17 2009 	Brilliant. Great rooms food and staff.	Impressive lobby. Very clean hotel.. Big rooms. Everything almost new. Great breakfasts. Swimming pool, massage, fitness. Everything you need. Hotel is the part of Shanghai Stadium (built.in). Taxi drivers had problems to find the hotel. You have to show them the key with chinese name and address of the hotel.	
Oct 26 2008	All depends which room you get	Stayed for a five-night business trip and I have to say that both room standard and service quality is extremely variable, depending on which room you get or whom of the many staff you deal with. On the website the hotel looks like a good idea and very different from others as it claims to have great views of the inside of Shanghai Stadium. As I had booked a &quot;stadium view&quot; room I was looking forward to this experience but as it turned out my room looked onto an interior staircase of the stadium, and most of my colleagues had the same problem. Many of the &quot;stadium view&quot; rooms are very small and most of them pitch-dark even during the day as the do not get any sunlight at all. My second room, to which I was only moved after hours of negotiation and dealing with no less than five staff, was very different: bright, airy, large windows, views (of a flyover, but at least it did have a view of sorts). Some staff were very nice and courteous, others were plain rude. I felt that as long as operations were running smoothly staff were in a well-rehearsed friendly routine, but whenever things went wrong many of them turned into a &quot;not my problem, try somebody else&quot; mode. Overall, an average experience.	
Aug 3 2008 	Very Convenient Hotel	This hotel was selected for me by my company, so I did not know what to expect. From my research, it appeared to be far away from the downtown area of Shanghai. It proved to be a very convenient location, as it was easy to get to it by taxi. It is also a block away from the subway. Considering the extensive road construction in Shanghai, not all hotels are easy to get to, even though they may be more central, and not all hotels necessarily have a great supply of taxis waiting outside.My room was very large, and quite clean. Their breakfast buffet had many choices - typical Chinese, Japanese, and European/North American.There was consistently a fleet of taxis waiting outside, which given their inexpensive price, was my preferred mode of transportation in Shanghai. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to my friends, for sure.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great experience at the Regal	Stayed for one night at the Regal. Although I had only booked a club floor room, I was upgraded to a club floor suite when I checked in - a pleasant surprise! Suite was very well appointed with central lighting control, electronic blinds, 3 LCD TV's and a massive bathroom with a muti-head shower. Several of the items (including beer) in the mini-bar were complementary as well - a nice touch.The room included buffet breakfast, which was good, as well as high speed internet. Can't think of anything negative to say except that the location may not be ideal for tourists, since it was a longish (35 min) , 45 RMB cab ride from Pudong to the hotel.	
Mar 4 2008 	great hotel around us$100	stayed here many time for business purposeif its your first visit and will stay short better find different location around bundif you are looking for a budget hotel and a taste of local area this is a good optionhotel is located inside shanghai stadium walking distance its a great local shopping area (xu jia hui )and subway stationits a great 4 star hotel ,rooms are of good size the upper the bigger,the stadium get widder in the upper part and so do the roomsonly con is that the building is inside the stadium so just arriving to the road means a good walk any way is not far from anything you can get by taxi to every tourist attraction in 10 to 15 minutesfirst time i stayed was little strange in time became a repeat guess mainly because of price and room size rooms in higher executive room are really BIG very good for an extended stay	
Oct 23 2007 	After location confusion a good experience	The Regal Hotel group should be scolded for (purposeful deception) . It has two Shanghai properties, both called Regal East Asia. One of them (not this one) has the word &quot;international&quot; innocuously inserted into its title, but it is also frequently omitted. So if you book this hotel thinking that you're on Hengshan Road (a happening nightlife area) you're wrong. This hotel is located inside the Shanghai Sports stadium ground, set back from the road. Easy to miss unless your taxi driver has been here before. Other than the location switch, this hotel does exceed expectations. The outfittings are relatively new and high quality, rooms have plenty of light and are well designed (for use of space). All amenities are provided, as if this were a five star hotel. The pool is also excellent: 20 meters, infinity edge, and clean. And, rooms have a view of the sports stadium. The downside is that this hotel is located in a &quot;local&quot; but up-and coming middle class area of Shanghai. It's out of the way (centrally) but convenient for taking the metro, being on the intersection of two metro lines. If you don't mind the southwest Shanghai location and lack of foreign-oriented diversions, this hotel could work for you.	
Oct 8 2007 	Repeat visit	This is a repeat business stay for me.This time I got upgraded to the non smoking Regal Premium eleventh floor.The room was clean with modern design, outfit and operation.View over the city.PROs; plush towels, safe large enough for laptop computer storage; business size room; flatscreen TV; prompt staff service; quiet; extended choice in breakfast food; nearby access to metro/subwayCON: cramped office space for business work; no local radio broadcast; expensive internet and breakfast extra;	
Jun 27 2007 	Lost our privacy	Great location, and rooms were clean and comfortable. Interesting hotel outlook. However, when we checked-in, the front desk persuaded me not to pay a deposit...and if we agreed, they will take away all the foods and drinks out from the fridge. And seems nothing lost, then we agreeded, later when we arrived the room for already 30 mins, and we were taking a rest, I was sleeping on bed, and my boyfriend was walking around with his little shorts...suddenly, someone opened the door by their keys...and we shouted. Is their staff. I cried what's happend? And she said she didn't know guests were inside, and she was coming to collect all the foods and drinks in the fridge...Oh~I thought this was annoyed, you know? Since we have been here and checked in for already 30 mins...and this is strange for the staff to come in suddenly, and it ruined our privacy, I was going to complain but she said sorry to us, so I forgave her then. Besides this experience, the hotel is nice.	
Jun 20 2007 	Solid Hotel at a Good Price	I stayed 4 nights at the Regal Shanghai East Asia hotel and had a pretty good experience. I booked this hotel based on the room rates and the close proximity to the Metro Station.Check-in was fine, apart from I had to point out that breakfast was included in my room rate. The room itself was better than I expected and was a pretty decent size and standard. The bathroom was clean.The Metro station is a 2 minute walk away and from there the rest of Shanghai is easily accessible - I just wish the trains ran an hour or two later at night! You pass a Starbucks on the way to the Metro station and there is a supermarket built in to the other side of the stadium.This is a good hotel, and while it doesn't have any of Shanghai's main attractions on it's doorstep, I was willing to sacrifice that in order to save some cash. The Metro is efficient enough and taxis are cheap so that the location doesn't make much difference.	
Nov 15 2006 	Interesting location!	I stayed at the Regal Shanghai for 6 nights very recently. As the hotel part of the Shanghai stadium, it is fairly easy for taxi riders to find. The fare from Pudong airport was about 170 RMB. The hotel reception is ok, we had booked a Regal Club room so we used the check-in at the 12th floor. The lounge staff were very helpful and nice all throughout our stay, assisting us with restaurant bookings etc. There was a lady called Kris and she was a star! The lounge (breakfast and evening drinks + snacks are included in the rate plan) is a bit old fashioned but ok. The selection for food is limited but as the lounge is never very busy (only saw about a max of 10 people there at any one time), I guess it is not worth for the hotel to provide more. Everything we had and tried was perfectly fine. Our room, 1215, was one of the old rooms. The hotel is having re-vamp at the moment and quite rightly so. The furniture is very 1980's and the carpet has seen better days. The size of the room was great and everything worked. The rates in general are decent considering that most 3-4* hotels in Shanghai are very pricey. The tube station is only about 5 mins walk away and there are plenty of taxis. I didn't use any of the hotel facilities (shops, spa etc) but they all look ok. Moods bar, also on the 12th Floor, is ok but lacks atmosphere. The French Concession is a great place to wonder about and Sasha's (a western style bar) is not far. M on Bund was great for a meal as was Shintori. The People 7 bar was very trendy but service wasn't that great. There is a bar on Julu Road called the Goodfellas ( a bit seedy) but they give our free beer if you go early in the evening! A river cruise in the evening is a must - the view is amazing. Perhaps one of the nicest days we had was a day trip to one of the canal towns. The nearest one is only about 1 1/2 hrs from Shanghai and the tour buses leave from Shanghai stadium. A top tip - you might need some help in buying the tickets unless your Chinese is great. Another highlight was a trip to the Propaganda Poster Arts Museum. It can be a bit difficult to find but once you get there, it's very interesting. I will definitely go back to Shanghai again but most likely will stay somewhere a bit more central.	
Nov 10 2006 	Great and a bit different !	Stayed for 6 nights on a leisure break in October 2006.Was a bit apprehensive as this brand was not a known quantity, however I needn't have worried.Location is slightly out of centre, to the south west of the main attractions, but the hotel is very accessible to metro station (2 mins walk), and cabs are easy to get. I think the location is a plus point as it means you get much better value than a comparable place in a tourist location.The building itself, within Shanghai Stadium, is very impressive.My wife and I stayed in a Regal Club room (there was a special offer on the hotel website of USD 130 per night). This entitled us to check-in on the 'club' (12th) floor, and meant we were entitled to free breakfast, evening drinks and canapes, and various other extras. I would highly recommend booking this class of room.The club lounge had an excellent view over the stadium, we were lucky that there was a pop concert on the first night of our stay - very interesting !Our room was very large, clean, with all the facilities to be expected of a 4-star property. The decoration was a bit old fashioned for our taste, I would have preferred something a bit more contemporary. Not a major problem, however, and everything was in good condition. Bed was very hard, I actually like that, but be warned if you like a soft mattress.We did not dine at the hotel except to take the complimentary breakfast and canapes, however these were of good quality. The drinks were also a bonus - basically a full bar from which you could help yourself - quite easy to overdo it !All staff at the hotel were great, very polite, excellent English, and extremely helpful. They booked us restaurants, trips, cabs, the works.In short, I would not hesitate to stay here again, don't let the apparent 'remote' location put you off.PS Some friends of ours booked one of the cheapest rooms - it was OK but pretty small and a bit tatty - I would def recommend a higher class room.	
Oct 30 2006 	loved the hotel	going to shanaghai to visit our daughter who was working there. booked this 4* hotel for four nights, on 6th october, fabulous price of 97 pounds sterling room only, for 2 people. did not expect much at this price very pleasantly surprised. gorgeous hotel. staff excellent. accommodation first-class. did not have time to use their excellent leisure facilities. hotel located very near the metro. which is very convenient and extremely cheap - about 28 pence to the bund, and other places of interest. definitely recommend.	
Oct 14 2006 	Very nice hotel	This is a very nice hotel. Our room was very comfortable, good ammenities. All staff were very helpful. Pool and hot tub area are nice - close by 9:30 PM. Be careful not to confuse this hotel with the Regal INTERNATIONAL East Asia Hotel which is located in the French concession and closer to the city center. This is a great hotel if you will be flying out of Hong Qiao Airport (only took about 20 minutes to get there.) But, otherwise it is a bit far from the major attractions. Metro stops are placed quite far apart in Shanghai. The hotel is actually attached to the stadium - (makes it easier for cab drivers to find). You can get to the hotel from Pudong airport using public transport (mag lev to green metro line, change at people's square to red line - exit metro to the left and walk about 5-10 min.) but, if you have luggage we would recommend taking a taxi. They do offer miles but room rate has to be at least 700 CYN. We booked on the internet for $57. Overall, we were very happy here, especially for such a good rate and would stay again especially if flying out of HongQaio.	
Jun 15 2006	Great Hotel and Value!	Although The Regal Shanghai East Asia Hotel is a 3 star hotel, I found it much much better than the 4 star hotel I stayed at in Beijing (the Swissotel). Reasons I liked the Regal Shanghai East Asia Hotel: my room and bathroom were clean; the room size was lager than I expected for a standard room; the room was decorated in a modern and simple yet elegant way; the staff was friendly and spoke English well; the subway is just around the corner and up the block; not far from most attractions by subway. I cannot think of a complaint about it really...	
Nov 13 2009 	????????????		
Oct 2 2009 	??????????		
Sep 2 2009 	?????????????????		
Aug 11 2009	??????????????		
Jan 19 2009	?????????????????????		
Oct 24 2008 	????????????????		
