Oct 30 2008 	Loved the location	We were on a textile tour and our US guide had been to China 32 times. So she knew Shanghai. The hotel is being remodeled so get a room facing the street. I had two different rooms on two different occasions and had no problems. Everything was clean and the rooms were huge. I could walk right out of the hotel across the street to People's Park and never felt unsafe. The breakfast buffet was huge. I loved their fried potatoes....and the tomatoes were very fresh. I also ate some of the regional vegetables and meat. I did not drink the coffee as it was very strong. I loved the stay there. I can still hear the street saxaphone player outside the window......I also had some laundry done for a reasonable price. It came back the same day, folded very neatly and ironed better than I could. I would definitely go back.	
Feb 5 2008 	Lucky Dip	On my second stay at this hotel I discovered why it gets some OK reviews and some bad reviews. The room I was given this visit was meant to be the same class as the one I had a month before but there was no comparison. The room had bare floors where the carpert was ripped out. I got a tin of insect spray delivered to my room to deal with the cockroach and bed bugs, the shower was broken, the bed was small. After a night wrapped in my own clothes for protection as I slept and extensive 'negotiations' at front desk I got the room I had last time - '502' - they bumped another person who had booked it. Same price but much larger and included carpet and some light.At its best this place is passable. At it's worse it's an experience never to forget. The staff are generally helpful and the 502 cleaner was good but never expect a smile or them to be distracted from their own conversations for your benefit (even if you speak mandarin!) They never say 'xie xie' or 'bu ke qi'. The same company runs Park Hotel which looks much better and is very close - maybe the reject staff end up here.	
Jan 19 2008 	Disgusting and dirty do not stay here!	We checked into this hotel in the afternoon and checked out the next day. The hotel is disgusting and dirty. I can tolerate an older style hotel, but dirtiness? No way. It was a huge let down to our holiday. We checked into the lovely 5 star hotel next door. The bathroom was so appalling that I refused to get into the shower. It was mouldy, dingy and reminded of a cheap backpacker hostel.	
Jan 17 2008 	Convenient central location	This hotel, just north of People's Park, is in an ideal location for first-time tourists. It is next to the junction of two major subway lines, and just a few blocks from both the Nanjing Road pedestrian mall and the Shanghai Museum. The lobby has the appearance of a former elegance that has faded away. Our rooms were furnished with two twin beds, and large enough so we did not feel cramped for space but small enough that it did not feel luxurious. The furnishings were old, but in good condition. It was warm when we stayed there (about 30C), and the air conditioning was barely adequate. The rooms initially had a slightly musty odor, but that seemed to dissipate. The rooms have ethernet connections to the internet; when we did not find a cable, we bought one for 10RMB (later, we found an ethernet cable in the desk drawer). The buffet breakfast was pretty good, but it cost 66RMB; there were lots of places just outside the hotel where you could get a much cheaper breakfast. For those with an ATM card from Bank of America, there is a China Construction Bank ATM located in the shopping mall on Nanjing Road two doors to the east.	
Nov 15 2007 	Good location forget about luxury	Visited Shanghai for the first time with 2 girlfriends. Excellent location, room was clean, good shower but that's about it. No luxury whatsoever, which was fine with us as we were out all day and just needed a place to sleep. Definitely not the place for you if you like to spend a lazy day in. But will not stay here again, prefer a little more luxury next time.	
Nov 1 2007	What a DUMP! Avoid this place!!!	Just returned from a small group tour in China and had been suspicious of this hotel having read previous reviews on this website. (Sadly I had no choice since I was with a tour.) The only positive thing to be said about it is the location across from People's Square. The picture on their listing makes the hotel look glamorous with night lighting but don't let that fool you. The lobby looks elegant with it's vintage styling but that's as far as it goes. When we arrived I was given a dark, smoke scented and filthy room facing a dingy building. I immediately complained and was given a slightly &quot;better&quot; room on another floor, meaning that it didn't reek of smoke. I was too tired to move again but upon further inspection discovered old, decrepit scratched furniture with burn marks. Carpets were filthy and stained. Bathroom was grubby: moldy grout and caulking around tub and toilet. Window in bathroom was stained and not sealed. Furthermore there was no safe in either room I was in, although several members of our group had them, and had slighly cleaner brighter rooms than I did. (Most of the group was NOT happy with the accomodations.) Apparently there are a few remodeled rooms facing the street which, though noisy, at least had daylight. I stayed one night and woke up itching from some sort of bites on my head. There was no way I was going to stay in this place one more night, so I left and found a clean, modern and reasonably priced place elsewhere at my own expense. To add insult to injury, I later discovered that the front desk staff was completely useless at trying to locate guests. My husband attempted to call me several times and they said they couldn't find me on their roster. They had no record of my registration, and could not connect me to anyone in our group, in spite of the fact that they required our passports when we arrived. Forget it if there had been an emergency! I agree with the reviewer who mentioned not staying in older hotels in China. We stayed in a few other older hotels in China but they were cleaner and better kept. All the resources seem to be going into new properties in preparation for the 2008 Olympics.	
Oct 30 2007 	Great base to explore Shanghai	This hotel is nothing special - but then you're not paying top dollar for a room here. Hotel is well located just over the road from People's Square metro station (which is conveniently linked to Pudong International by a single simple change for the Maglev train at Longyang Road).The rooms were nothing special, but were well turned out and comfortable.The front desk were nothing special either, but were more than capable of translating addresses from English into Chinese for use with taxis.The hotel is not a place to spend oodles of time in. It is more suited as a place simply to sleep at. As such, I highly recommend it as a base for exploring based on its location and price.	
Jul 27 2007 	Not worth it	We stayed here for 4 nights in July. The good things first: breakfast was included in our hotel price and it was a decent spread of western and chinese food. The AC (a necessity in the hot summer months in China) worked well in our room. Location was great, across from the Metro and People's Square and right down the street from the flashy pedestrian shopping area and upscale mall. The minuses...I got a creepy feeling everytime I walked in due to the fact that the employees were always staring at us. I saw other westerners staying at this hotel and even after a couple of days after thet got to recognize that we were staying in the hotel, they still stared at us. The rooms are definitely old (marketed as old world European) but there's a difference between old and dirty, this place was both! The carpets were stained in the rooms and there were cracks on the walls and near the sink and shower. The last night we were there there was a constant drip near the mini bar, probably caused by the room above's AC. Given our limited knowledge of Chinese and the employees minimal knowledge of English, it was difficult to tell them that they needed to fix the problem. Overall, there must be a better deal in Shanghai than this place. The overall ambience was not worth spending the money on.	
May 27 2007 	Great Location	This hotel is wonderfully located in front of People Square (main museums, metro station), next to the main shopping street and if you like walking, you can do it all the way to the river or the french quater. My room was perfect and quiet. Interenet at the business center was ok.In the restaurant they are not very friendly. You can have your breakfast in the Stabucks only a block away.rates were good value for money and the staff at the front desk was helpful.I would easily go back th this hotel	
Nov 26 2006 	Don't bother possibly the worst hotel in China!	I've stayed in this hotel during my vacation my first time in Shanghai, China last year and it basically ruined my trip. I just had a conversation with a friend last week and she told she just had an exciting and wonderful time in Shanghai the week before and she told me she also stayed at a 2-3 star hotel but a new one! She told me to NEVER stay in a hotel that is not new because the maintence of hotels in China is not the best.... I've then decided that I need to give some guidance to fellow travellers before booking a hotel in Shanghai because it could basically make or break your stay in this city...also NO ONE should experience the horrible nightmare that we were in.I was travelling with my husband's family since they have some family friends in this city and we have decided to stay for a few nights. My sister-in-law booked this hotel thinking I would absolutely adore it since it's supposed to be built early in the century with Renaissance-esque decoration since I do adore anything that has some sort of antiquity to it. When we arrived, we were quite impressive with stone Roman Columns at the front entrance but it ends there...When we walked into the front entrance, the hotel looked like it was not maintained since it was built and the front desk was EXTREMELY slow, it took at least half an hour to check in and there is NO service for anything since we wanted to know if there is any local day tour or local attraction, their reply was always no or don't know....Our room size was decent but I felt like I was back in my dorm room in college with minimal amenities but the feeling is A LOT worst, at least my dorm room was clean. The windows open to a VERY DUSTY wall and we just keep the curtain close at ALL times. Also, the room is not well kept and the carpet looked filthy so we had to walk around in socks the whole time we were there (we threw our socks away at the end of the trip). The bathroom is okay but the crevices between the tiles in the bathtub is black. TV remote control had dirt all around the numbers and we had to use a towel to use it.... Believe me - I DID NOT put any of my clothes away and left them in the luggage at ALL times. I was joking to my husband that I need to go to a local supermarket to get some cleaning supplies and scrub this place clean!Actually, one incident that I will never forget comes when my husband realized he left his wallet behind after about 2 blocks away and we had to go back up to get it and guess what, they had already finished cleaning the room...we were amazed and not surprised given the above condition. Basically - we dreaded going back to the hotel every night and I cannot complain because my in-laws have already felt really bad... I've never felt happier checking out of ANY hotel. I've stayed at MANY hotels since I travelled a lot for business (have stayed from 6 stars to 1 star hotel) but this is one of the worst hotel I've stayed in.	
Sep 28 2006 	What a Great Place to Stay!!!	I will certainly stay here next time I go to Shanghai! The location is absolutely awesome, right at the intersection of East and West Nanjing Roads. The hotel staff is helpful, friendly and, while their English is not what you could call &quot;bilingual,&quot; they do their best to be completely responsive to your needs. The hotel itself has all the amenities in a lovely old Italianate style hotel. If they put in new carpeting they could easily upgrade to a 4 star! It was wonderful to have a free internet laptop in my room. I stayed there for 4 days and never used the restaurant because there was too much available outside the hotel in easy walking distance. Everything in my room was clean and in perfect condition. Don't be afraid of the bad review of this hotel. It is above average for the price and you could never beat the location.	
Dec 12 2005 	Great location and room with a view	My family spent five days at the hotel and found location to be excellent. We paid for a better room facing the front and it was worth the extra. Everything in the room was great including the internet connection to my notebook. my friend had a single room in the back which was quieter than the front but looks into a dirty courtyard with debris. The restaurant standards are average but there is a famous eating street two minutes walk away.This hotel is excellent for location and facet for a reasonable price. It is an old building with slightly worn carpets and decor so don't expect the same shine as the Radisson hotel next door. I will use this hotel again for the location and ambience of people's square. Note that this hotel is inconvenient for handicap or wheelchair.	
Nov 8 2005 	Not Even a 3 Star	I was unfortunate enough to stay here because my travel agent could not book me in any where else. This hotel was built in 1928 and at that time it would have been outstanding - but it is no longer. This hotel is in desperate need of a serious make over as everything is tired and worn out. I stayed in two different rooms, a suite and a twin share. In the suite I turned over the bed spread and it had stains that looked to me as though they could be bodily fluids. The beds are hard but that is the case right throughout China. The showers water pressure resembled a hose and that was in both rooms. The rooms are clean overall but the grout in one of the bathrooms was really dirty. The breakfast buffet caters more to eastern tastes but there is a western menu available which consists of coffee, toast and ceral. I stayed away from the milk but I am always sceptical of dairy products in Asia. Coffee and tea facilities in room is Chinese Tea. Cable T.V is HBO and BBC world news and about 50 other Chinese stations. The best things about this hotel is the location but if you want to eat western food go next door to the Radisson.	
Sep 19 2009 	????????????????????????????		
Aug 17 2009 	??????		
Jun 23 2009 	pas si mal que cela		
Mar 27 2009 	????????????????????????????		
Mar 22 2009 	???????????		
Feb 10 2009 	?????????		
Dec 29 2008 	???????		
Sep 30 2008	?????????????? ?????????????????????????		
