Nov 18 2009	Beautiful incredible fancy great amenities	Simply wow ! This was another wonderful surpirse on my Pacific Delight Tour. Hotel is located a good distance away from the main shopping areas by the river, however it's a good location (only one block to the subway). BTW - the subway system is probably the most beautiful clean and modern in the world. It was a short trip to Pudong. The hotel is also located next to the soccer stadiums that were used for the Olympics and the is a pretty good mall a block away.The lobby is luxurious, staff is amazing. The restaurants are far above what I expexted. There is even a little ice cream shop and a small casual snack restuarant if you just want a casual drink and a sandwich. There is also a luxurious restaurant with entertainment. Business center with very cheap internet. My room wasa spacious and smarlty decorated, bathroom was very large with a large sink and counter. My view was so cool - I could see the stadiums. Don;t miss a ride on the glass elevator at nightime.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good Value Not great location	Stayed here one night on a recent trip to Shanghai. Located just outside the Shanghai Indoor Stadium Station on lines 1 &amp; 4 of the metro. Also close to the sightseeing bus centre at the Shanghai Stadium which was the main reason we booked here. The hotel was a pleasant suprise with a lovely breakfast buffet. Fortunately, it was included in the room rate. As for the central parts of Shanghai, it is a bit inconvenient, but the metro is easy enough to negotiate with signs and maps in English.	
Aug 11 2009	Very Good hotel good amenities good food	We stayed here as part of our tour group package. Our last day, we had as an exploration day, and the staff recommended that we take a cab to the People's Park, versus taking the nearby subway. It was hot and humid and cab was definitely the way to go, as the hotel is not located in the central part of the city, but who knows what is central anymore as the city has 19 million people and is in the process of constructing for a population of 33 million! The staff was very helpful and the food was excellent. We used the fitness center, which was also very good. There is a pool, but we did not have time for it. It looked fine. The fitness center has windows overlooking one of the many highways that connects to the area and is very good. We found the room to be spacious and comfortable, and the bed comfortable compared to most of the other hotels on our tour. We did stay at a 5-star hotel in Beijing at the beginning of our tour, and this hotel is almost there, but not quite. I'd say a 4 star and a good one.	
Jul 30 2009 	Clean friendly but nothing spectacular...	Not that I was expecting anything spectacular, but the Hua Ting bills itself as a 5-Star hotel. It certainly has the amenities, and is conveniently located near a subway stop, but there's nothing charming about this hotel, and it's located pretty far from downtown. We were there to explore Shanghai and wished we had stayed closer to downtown.	
May 12 2009	Five Star	This is a five star hotel in a remarkable and changing city. It is not centrally located, but is very near the subway. The food and rooms are excellent. Most of the staff speak very good English. To give you an example of the service, one of the guests on our tour found out that their camera batteries were dead. One of the bell people took a taxi, went to a store, found several makes of batteries that would fit, called the guest back and mentioned the brand names and prices, and asked which battery they wanted. This is above and beyond the call of duty.	
Jan 24 2009 	Helpful Staff ..Great breakfast.. average hotel rooms	I've always stayed at this place when in Shanghai. What kept me going back is the location, friendly and helpful staff and good buffet breakfast.I'd like to mention one name particularly and thank her for her service ...I think she is the lobby /assistant lobby manager - TINA. I was running late for an important meeting in another town and needed to take a train and she understood the urgency of the situation and planned everything from getting the tickets to arranging taxi and making sure the taxi driver does his best in getting me out ASAP. The hotel rooms are above average, but the buffet is healthy and pretty good.If you have any questions please feel free to e-mail me at vmail19@yahoo.com	
Jan 7 2009 	Great food	Best food that I had in China, plenty and very tasty. Excellent hotel (modern design, nice &amp; clean rooms) with a nice view of the Olympic Stadium. The business center had expensive internet rate. Great location, you are next to the Metro (line 1). Nice swimming pool (on the 3rd floor) with sauna, steam room, aerobic.	
Nov 20 2008	Very expensive breakfast	I have stayed here before and returned due to its location (adjacent to subway line 1) as it was convenient for my meetings in Shanghai. This time the price was higher as I did not enjoy the special pricing of the holidays. More importantly breakfast was not included. The breakfast bufffet is good but the price is outragious. This is by far the most I have paid for breakfast in China. The cost was 340rmb for 2. This is how much I paid for a room at the Crowne Plaza (nicer hotel) including 2 breakfasts a few days later in Changsha!!! If you must stay at this hotel, cross the street and go to Starbucks.	
Nov 14 2008	Nice place to stay	Stayed at this hotel as part of a Pacific Delights tour. It had the best food of any hotel on the tour. Nice rooms, but the hotel looks a little dated. Overall a very nice experience.	
Aug 2 2008	would never stay there again	The lobby of this hotel is the best thing it has going for it.The room I was in was old and grubby looking. The carpet was something that I never put my bare feet on. Mold in the bathroom.Hard beds. I asked for an ironing board and the one they sent had a large whole right through the pad.Great breakfasts and they should be for $25 CDN.Stay away from the pizzas. Poor location near the stadium although the subway is right outside the hotel doo.Across the road is a outlet mall with a lot of knock off type storesbut does have a drugstore.This hotel was part of a package tour deal.	
Mar 30 2008 	Good Strategic Location	Intro- After staying at a couple of hotels more centrally placed (ie next to Yanan Road), I realized i needed one closer to the factory where I visit during my trips located in the zone South of Shanghai.Location and Logistics- This hotel is situated in the South of the main city. It is literally opposite the Shanghai Stadium Complex and at the side of IKEA. It is also a short cab ride down to Xui Jia Huai Shopping Mall intersection (5-6 Malls).- It's next to a couple of Metro Connections which should take you easily to other parts of the city. Taxis are abundant. It is also less tedious for people to reach this hotel from Pudong Airport as its on a road linked to roads leading from Nanpu and Lupu bridges. Rooms and Design- I was in a Superior Room, which means the most basic. The room was very clean, there were no odours and it was equipped with stuff like safe, kettle etc Hot water available.- I'm not N American or European so I find that the the &quot;Stiffer&quot; and non-fluffy bed mattresses are an Asian default thing. Hence I found them not hard or too soft either.- The interior design of the room was standard and was not outdated as many people complained here. It didn't have that &quot;shine&quot; to it but it was not even close to shabby. - The views are of 2 types. I got the view from the back of the hotel which faces a huge empty ground surrounded by a concrete jungle (ie nothing to write home about). The view on the other side of this &quot;S&quot; shaped hotel is very good - facing the amazing stadia complex and couple of interesting buildings.- The lounge, lobby,hotel restaurant, check-in counters are some of the best and grandest I've seen in Asia. Very glittery and eye-catching. The interesting elevator hall lobby is quite nice with 10 super fast elevators available 24hrs.Service/Safety- All my requests over the phone or the counter were met very quickly and quite efficiently. The English language levels are as in most other 5-star hotels here - &quot;getting there&quot;.- As all 5-Star Hotels in Shg, the place is heavily secured with lots of staff and cams. You do have to fend off a couple of pimps once you exit the hotel's compound outside - just walk on and there wont be any problem. Amenities- Since it was winter, I didn't check out these but the breakfast buffet was really good. - A nice 24-Hour Deli serves some good quality bakery items and coffee.- Just outside the hotel (in its corner compound) is a 24 Hour mini-mart useful for buying stuff which costs a lot more in your room fridge.Opinion/Pros/Cons- If you are a busy business traveler whose main job is to visit the industrial zone/offices in the South, this is perfect hotel. In the evening, with less, traffic, once can easily hit Pudong in a taxi.- It is very close to eating places and the Xui jia Huai Shopping Complexes.- If you are lucky, you might catch a concert at the Stadia complex which hosts international acts throughout the year (It was Harry Connick Jr, Celine Dion and Maroon 5 when I was there.)- If you on a romantic holiday or short site seeing trip, this hotel is not very central or ideal to explore Shanghai. Cheers	
Feb 25 2008 	Not the best but...	I have stayed here a couple of times and, OK, behind the shining foyer the hotel is getting a bit run down but the service has been as good as I have found in the Peoples Republic of China. The rooms are faded but comfortable, and the buffet is good throughout the day, particularly for breakfast. At the price, it is above average. Tourists may want a more central location but the metro is fast, efficient, cheap and just outside the hotel. I'll be back...	
Jan 1 2008 	Nice hotel	We really enjoyed our stay here and found it to be good value for money. The room was spacious and clean, and the beds were comfortable. We were on the 11th floor which had good views of the city. The indoor swimming pool and sauna were good and the staff were helpful. Our only concern was that the location isn't too central but there's a metro station just outside and it was easy to get around the city using this, or by taxi which is cheap. The hotel restaurants were quite expensive so we used the local restaurants and cafes near by instead. The hotel is popular with business people and international tourists. Overall it was a great stay and we felt it offered good value for money.	
Nov 18 2007	Happy with Hua Ting Hotel and Towers	We were part of a Pacific Delight Tours group and this was the first hotel on the 13 day itinerary. Our stay was brief as we arrived late on a Friday evening, went touring all day Saturday and checked out early Sunday morning.Two Shanghai stadiums are across the way including the venue for the 2008 Olympic (Women's I think) soccer.We were quite pleased with the property overall. We had non-smoking and recently remodeled rooms on the 14th floor. The rooms featured a large 32&quot; LCD TV, good lighting, ethernet port (did not have time to use), nice bath lotions etc. Fitness room was great as well as the indoor pool, sauna and hot tub.Very good breakfast buffet with a good selection of Western as well as Asian menu items.The center of town can be easily reached by subway or a 25-30 minute cab ride away.By the way, there's a nice department store across the road called Foxtown. If you are hungry go to the basment level for the food court and you will find about 10 different inexpensive food venues. We had a dinner for four around $10 US! There's also a McDonald's in there as well as a Papa John's.Wish we had a chance to stay there longer. Maybe next time.	
Aug 15 2007	Called 5 star but I don't think so	This was our final stop on our &quot;Return to China&quot; tour before heading to Hong Kong. Upon entering the hotel, the lobby is quite lovely as are the common areas on the floors. But this is where the 5 star rating ended as far as I'm concerned. My daughter and I were traveling with friends on a group tour so we had adjoining rooms. It was quite obvious that the adjoining doors had not been opened in a very, very long time as the area between the doors was filthy!! I understand stains and such in hotels but this was just filth and the staff had opened the doors so unless they were blind, they just didn't care. Mold was also a problem in the bathroom but the thing that grossed me out the worse was when we used the bathrobes they provided. I assumed when I put the robe on that it was clean. After having it on for a minute or two, I couldn't seem to get the scent of men's cologne out of my head. I finally realized it was coming from the robe!! Obviously the guest before us had used the robe too, hung it up and housekeeping never changed them out!! Needless to say, I called the manager about this who seemed totally unconcerned and unable to understand my discomfort. I asked that housekeeping bring 4 clean robes to our 2 rooms and took another shower in our moldy bathroom. The spa and pool areas are quite nice (and mold free) but the hotel as a whole caters much more to the business crowd then to a group like ours. So when we went for a swim and even though we were the only ones in the pool, the attendant kept coming in looking annoyed. In fact, out of every hotel we stayed in on our trip, the staff at this hotel was the least friendly and the least helpful. The hotel does have a very extensive breakfast buffet that was excellent. We also had lunch at the small cafe in the lobby but it was very over priced and not very good. And again, they are definitely used to catering to the business crowd as the menu choices were not very child friendly. I'm sure the tour company we were with uses this hotel because the time the group is in Shanghai falls on the weekend and conferences and such are not going on. It just happened that we changed our itinerary to get an extra day in Shanghai and ended up arriving there on a Friday while the rest of the group arrived the next day. The location is very far from the Bund and the Yuyuan gardens but since we were on a tour, this didn't matter much as transportation was taken care of. It just took a long time to get anywhere. There is a Quik-Mart right outside the hotel and a small grocery store just down the street so we were able to get drinks and snacks for the kids. And tucked back behind the stores, amongst the construction that is going on all around the hotel, there is a wonderful little resturant we went to called Xiao Ting. Walk out the front door, take a left and it's a little house that looks like it doesn't belong ther and it was absolutely wonderful!! That was our last dinner with some of the people from our group and so very close to the hotel!	
Jul 20 2007 	Nice Hotel so-so location	We stayed here on a Pacific Delight tour. The hotel was nice, probably the best of the bunch in the tour. The only gripe I had was the hotel location - it was always a 15-30 min cab ride to anywhere; good thing the cabs are so cheap in China! Good stuff: Great breakfast, there is a nice Dim Sum place next to this. There is a quick mart for stuff a lot cheaper than the mini bar just outside the door. There is a subway stop just outside, there is a bus station for day trips just outside. The room and comfort. Staff.Bad stuff: location, location, location. It is far from Bund, YuYuan gardens, Quipo Lu (shopping), and almost everything else. If this were closer, it would be a great place to stay for cheap (but then again it would cost more)...	
Jul 3 2007 	Good business and conference location	Good, large and clean. Large rooms. I wasnt able to check the fitness and spa area though. The breakfast buffet is opulent, from Asian noodles and dimsums to eggs in all variations. An all-night bistro provides pizzas and noodles, good to survive a conference. The lobby staff tends to be a little stressed and understaffed at most of the time. Queuing is likely here.You have to ignore the frequent girl traffic at night passing between lobby and the lifts. They wont bother you if you dont bother them. Cant judge acc. to price as I didnt pay the bill.	
May 3 2007 	Nice Hotel	I stayed at this hotel from 1st of April 2007 till the 4th of April to attend an exhibition at the &quot;Everbright center&quot; it was excellentlylocated next to the exhibiton (less than 10 min. with Taxi), I had a room at the executive floor, the room is so normal but with lovely view (floor 26), the staff at the executive floor are super excellent; so friendly so helpfull well trained to deal with businesstravellers, the room price include, wireless internet, coffee and teaat any time plus breakfast and snacks, and a business center &amp; dry clean, I bet it was worth paying the extra for executive floor. The only thing I missed was being able to walk around in the evenings without taking the underground or a Taxi, there's not much to do at this area (not so touristic like Nanjing) although there's some malls2 underground stations away, but Nanjing is much better.....	
Dec 21 2006 	Mold ruined my stay.	Hotel Guest from November 30 to December 5, 2006When your car pulls up to the luxurious looking Hua Ting Hotel &amp; Towers, you think you have made an excellent choice for an incredibly reasonable price. The lobby is bustling with international travellers.......the marble floors are glistening and the water fountains are dancing.....definitely a 5 star feeling on the first floor. When you check in to your room, your heart will sink because you will find a bathroom that has black mold everywhere. The rooms have seen better days.......they have all the necessities, but are showing signs of wear. The 2 rooms I experienced (I requested a room change due to too much mold and overheating) were unacceptable. I am sure the carpets have never been cleaned!!! I have travelled all over the world and have stayed in all levels of hotels. I have never experienced such incongruities in presentation..........outside your room the hotel is palatial and spotlessly clean....inside your room you want to call the health officials!!! This is not just my bad luck. I spoke with several other hotel guests during my stay and they all complained of varying levels of mold and dirty carpets. Unfortunately for me, I am highly allergic to mold and during my stay my respiratory system was compromised. The buffet breakfast on the main floor is absolutely incredible.All the food is beautifully prepared and displayed....delicious!! The main bathroom off the lobby was spectacular.....if only I could have booked that room for my stay!I did speak with the concierge about the problems. I sent an email to the management of the hotel and a copy to the Preferred Hotel Group that has the Hua Ting within its group. I did receive a response from the director of Preferred Hotel Group and she said she would look into the problem. I would certainly call the hotel directly before committing to booking a room.Rosamund ParkinsonMontreal, Canada	
Sep 25 2006	Amazing Hotel!	This hotel was simply amazing! The rooms were immaculate, the beds were clean and comfortable and the breakfasts offered so much variety (both Chinese and Western style). I loved the location though... it is steps away from the metro, 711, and right across from the Fox outlet mall. I would definitely stay here again. We arrived at this hotel after being in a cramped room on the Princess Elaine for the 3 gorges tour. We felt like royalty!!! p.s. If you take the metro to go to the pedestrian shopping area, take the #1 and #2 but make sure you remember your entrance. If you don't, upon your return, you will have a long way to walk to get back to your hotel.	
Dec 13 2005	5 stars? I think not	Somehow, this hotel cannot count. It is nowhere near a 5 star International hotel. My initial room internet did not work, toilet did not work and aircon did not work. They moved me to another room where my aircon did not work. Food is average and very expensive. Unfortunately for this hotel, I am a very frequent traveller. They need to improve considerably to be able to classify themselves as 5 stars.	
Nov 15 2005	Good Hotel	Our room was large and comfortable. The bathroom was well-equipped and spotless (it could use a better ventilation system.)The buffet breakfast was excellent but the coffee machine was confusing for some people and led to occasional lines. We found the staff friendly and helpful. The Metro station is right outside the front door and you can be in the center of Shanghai in 15 minutes but if you like to get out and walk around a city a more central location would be a better choice.	
Oct 29 2005 	Mixed feeling	Hua Ting Hotel &amp; Towers used to be Sheraton but is now owned by a chinese group. Although the hotel is not the newest, the first impression is good, certainly not run down. Most impressive is the big elevator tower which always guarantees quick ascents and descents, also to the top floor restaurant.Its setting is, near Shanghai Stadium, is somewhat remote from the city center but an underground station is in front of the entrance. In no time you´re on Hengshan or Huahuai road. Not difficult to get a taxi either.On average the price for a room is lower than other 4-5 star hotels so it would have been a good deal. That is until a saw a cockroach emerging from under my bed cover just before a left my room for the last time! Probably an incident but not something to happen in an hotel of this stature. Will think twice to book again.	
Nov 13 2009 	??????????????		
Oct 19 2009 	?????????????????????		
Oct 17 2009 	?????		
Sep 18 2009 	Una ciudad para volver		
Aug 14 2009 	????????????????		
Jul 4 2009 	Una estancia correcta		
Jan 21 2009 	?????		
Jan 14 2009 	??????		
Sep 19 2008 	5???????		
Sep 8 2007 	regular		
