	VERY GOOD AND VERY HEART CENTER HOTEL	We have ony 3 nights in shanghai So we try to get good one. I have checked on trip and internet and ask our friends we choose this hotelFirst impression of the hotel foyer ...most impressive!Our room was also impressive in decor and layout, in part being a corner room overlooking the square on Nanjing Road. Large, marble bathroom with the only shortcoming, both the bath and shower were combined. Room was very big and really nice in modern way and e- suite China was so large country and so nice country so great. We enjoyed hotel with our most liked trip.So good and heart center hotel.	
Oct 25 2009 	Good location and large room	Super location, 10/15 min walk to The Bund and there are lots of shops and restaurants on your doorstep. Foot Massages very good! Breakfast fine, large bedroom and very clean.	
Sep 28 2009	An excellent start to our Chinese adventure.	The hotel was very 'central', comfortable and had a superb international buffet breakfast.Our room on the 11th floor was very good, well serviced, very comfortable and we enjoyed opening the window when we woke early to watch and listen to the Tai Chi group in the square below. A true 'sound of China'!The staff were all very helpful and some of our small tour group relished the proximity to the bustling Nanjing Road.	
Aug 8 2009 	memorable visit	1.5 hrs approx from pudong airport this hotel is aptly named for its location.imposing and well maintained superior 4 star hotellarge comfortable bedrooms good sound insulationmassive pedestrian shopping area across the road subway less than 5 mins walk - easy to use and cheaphotel coffee shop serves breakfast and resaonably price meals - wide variety and good qualitywould use this hotel again and recommend	
Jul 31 2009 	Beautifully appointed hotel	First impression of the hotel foyer ...most impressive!Our room was also impressive in decor and layout, in part being a corner room overlooking the square on Nanjing Road. Large, marble bathroom with the only shortcoming, both the bath and shower were combined. Loads of room to stretch out, flat screen TV, firm but comfortable bed, large well appointed working desk, smart and restful decor and large floor to ceiling windows with arguably the best block out curtains I have come across.This hotel really is central; close to all the action on Najing Road, about a 10 minute walk to the Bund, a few minutes to the subway and all the shopping you could want either on Nanjing Road out the front or the 24 hour market out the back door.Stakk had limited English, but were always polite and as helpful as circumstances allowed.The buffet breakfaqst was great, with eggs cooked to order and complimentary English Newspapers.	
Jul 26 2009 	location plus everything you'd expect of a good city centre hotel	You arrive here to a truly sumptuous reception area and the service given is no let down. Your luggage is handled by the bell boy’s from the moment your car pulls up outside and is quietly and efficiently delivered to your room. The room is spacious clean well equipped with a tv and internet access should you need it. There is also a large spa on one floor and a business centre on another. The restaurant is on the 2nd floor and offers an excellent choice for buffet breakfast. The service here however is better on a weekday than the weekend when you really do have to attract the staff’s attention for coffee and tea and tables are not cleared after guests have left them. Not the 5* service that people have said it is, a good 3 or 4* at best. Selected primarily for its central location you just cross a road and you are approx 100mtrs from the Nanjing Road shopping area and 20mins walk to the Bund so for location its great. Restaurants and bars on the Nanjing road tend to be expensive. However if you turn right as you exit the Hotel foyer, cross the road and walk for 100mtrs you will find a small restaurant, ‘Billy Brothers’, which offers very good food at reasonable prices.	
May 25 2009 	Nice room horrid bed	We were pleased with this hotel. Perfect location. We had a room on the end. I definitely recommend the &quot;curved&quot; rooms as my parents had a regular square room that wasn't as nice (yet bigger). The curved room had an entire wall of window, which I really loved. I will say that the rooms are clean and up-to-date. However, we both have to get our backs adjusted from the bed. I could feel the springs through the mattress. It was pretty bad. They charge for everything - business center internet use, coffee packets, etc. I was a bit horrified by that. But the room really is pretty. I wouldn't likely stay here again unless I was on a budget. If they replaced the bed, I would definitely stay here again. Decent breakfast - not great.	
May 9 2009 	Comfort location - and the best show in town!	Shanghai acrobats, step aside! Our window at the Central Hotel was the best show in town, looking down on Nanjing Lu pedestrian street and the nonstop activity in Century Plaza. The morning after the four of us checked in, my cousin woke up to some hundred-odd Chinese folks performing their morning exercises to boom boxes, including one lot doing martial arts drumming (see photo). What a neat welcome to China! We just had to go out for a stroll and enjoy the action every morning we were there, before taking advantage of the excellent Western, Chinese and Japanese breakfast buffet.So a word to international five-star hotel junkies (like me): If you can stand life without a rainforest shower, then save money and enjoy plenty of comfort in Shanghai's best tourist location, at the center of Nanjing Lu and a five minute walk from the Metro. The large, comfortable rooms have firm but comfortable beds, and lots of electric outlets, including at bedside tables, where light switches are also thoughtfully placed. Good bathrooms with standard shower in tub.For the best Nanjing Lu view, ask for a room ending in 03. Light sleepers may prefer a back room; the exercisers start a bit before 7 am. But personally, I loved the full view, with floor to ceiling windows and a convenient ledge to curl up on with throw pillows and a book, and watch Shanghai stroll by.The staff generally has excellent English and is helpful, although not always knowledgeable. The concierge desk is shared by gray-uniformed bellmen who will gamely try to answer questions, but you're better off with the black-suited real concierges.There is wired broadband in rooms at a greedy 80 RMB per 24 hours. Annoyingly, you can't sign up for more than one day at a time.The Chinese restaurant serves delicious food at reasonable prices; we recommend it highly (although the soups were dull).	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Location Top Hotel	My husband, daughter and I stayed for 4 nights and thought the room was lovely, very spacious and comfortable. Good sized bathroom and very helpful staff. Be prepared for the early wake up call from the exercisers and their music at 7am - we were on the 19th floor and could hear this clearly, as with the sound system in the square blaring out piano music for best part of the day!Over the road from Pedestrian Shopping street so very convenient. Staff were very professional and helpful.Only fault we could find was that the restaurant only had a buffet Salad bar for dinner and did not offer a full menu - breakfast was full and accommodated everyone.Taxis were easy to get and plenty of them - 44 yuan to Hongqiao Airport - cheap!Business Centre offered internet access but quite costly and we had to pay to use the Table Tennis table in the Gym, we thought using the gym and its facilities would be free.	
Feb 17 2009 	Perfectly fine although not terribly memorable	This is a very decent hotel, with a fabulous location. The rooms are clean and well-appointed, but nothing spectacular. I can't say there was anything that was really wrong with the hotel, but there were some small things that made it less than spectacular. For instance, the hair dryer in the room was barely room temperature and the bathrooms have generally seen better days. The concierge gave us incorrect information at least twice, and couldn't really recommend a local restaurant other than the ones in the hotel. We were supposed to have a non-smoking room, but it didn't really matter as people were smoking all over the hotel and the smell just lingers. Also, the Internet service is 80 rmb/day, which seemed pretty outrageous.On the upside, the location cannot be beat. It's walking distance to the Bund, People's Park, Nanjing Lu, and many restaurants. The service staff was generally very nice and friendly. The breakfast buffet is plentiful and varied. While the Asian selections were quite good, the Western options were so-so (runny eggs, soggy pancakes, very average pastries).	
Jan 9 2009 	centrally lovated	This hotel is right on the main shopping street, so very conveniently located. Metro stop is about 5 min walk.The room was clean and tidy, quite spacious. Bathroom was also neat, included a bath as well. Hotel's interior was luxurious and everything shined. Breakfast table had a big variety of European as well as Asian food, even sushi!	
Dec 5 2008 	Great Hotel	Central Hotel - very close to Nanjing Rd pedestrian shopping area. Large rooms with big beds, marble bathroom with shower over bath stayed on 17 floor, LCD TV. Nice view.Breakfast well above average more western style and plenty of food .Rooms central heated not able to cool but ok can open window. Noisy traffic but expect this from city hotel. Mineral water provided daily. 3 yuan for subway from machine but english is limited luckily we got tickets or can get transport card which can use on taxis deposit $25y also can top up taxis 11y flagfall plus waiting timeSons birthday and assistant manager unexpectedly brought up birthday cake	
Nov 28 2008 	Excellent Hotel	This hotel is an excellent hotel. I can think of nothing negative to say about it. Great staff, great food, great location. I am surprised at the ranking here as I had not checked before my stay, but it can only speak positively to excellent service being offered by hotels in Shanghai!	
Nov 5 2008 	Great value and location	We spent 3 nights at the Central in October based on the reviews that are on this site. I must say that I have not much to add it is well located the staff are very friendly as per all the rest of the reviews and the photos, on this site, which are very accurate.This is a Chinese and not Western run hotel so it has a slightly different feel from Sheratons etc.What I would like to add is that as a family with three young kids this hotel is unbeatable. They have family suites on the 8th floor (the hotel itself is about 30 floors) which are very comfortable. These rooms consist of a lounge with tv and toilet as well as two bedrooms both have the most wonderful bathrooms with seperate shower. The whole hotel including rooms has a new carpet except for, strangely these family suites?? Perhaps they figure kids will mess the new ones?Ultimately for $300 +tax ,for 5 of us including an above average breakfast and an extra bed it cannot be beaten.I made the reservation directly with Ricky the reservation manager who while a little slow to respond was fantastic.PROSUnbelievable rooms for familiesReasonable ratesReally really good locationClean well keptComfortable beds (we never found them to hard)Brilliant bathroom with free bottles of waterHelpful staffCONSOnly one, they need to replace carpets in family suites.	
Oct 28 2008 	great location	Great location, good size room, friendly staff but with very limited english, excellent breakfast buffet, stayed 5 nights, would recommend and will stay there again	
Oct 16 2008 	Good hotel in great location	We stayed for 3 nights here as part of a 3 week trip to China. This was our third trip to China and first to Shanghai. The hotel is virtually on Nanjing Road, a shoppers paradise, and is very good value. The hotel staff very friendly and helpful and the rooms, bed linen etc were spotless. The beds were harder than we are used to in the UK but we have found that nearly all beds in China tend to be quite hard. Despite the harder beds we slept well and enjoyed our stay at this hotel.	
Oct 7 2008 	Sleepless in Shanghai	This was our first stop in China and needless to say we did not sleep. The beds were rock hard which I almost expected but even with the endless blankets which the hotel put on top of the mattress it made little difference. The hotel had good facilities, we were advised it was five star but I would rate as a three to four. Had an iron and board in the room which was handy and a kettle. The room was a good size and had all the free toiletries and mini bar. Bit shocked when I went to buy a glass of milk to keep in the fridge for tea and was charged £3.50. Restaurant facilities were ok and breakfast had good choice. We were on the 13th floor which was far enough up not to hear the noise from the centre below. The hotel is extremely central, the title gives it away and excellent for accessing all the need to see things in Shanghai. Free umbrella hire available from concierge which was very handy as it rained a lot. Make sure you make it clear that you want a non smoking room as throughout our trip we were continously were given smoking rooms with the ash tray taken out. We had to go back to reception and explain that we wanted to be on the no smoking floor which most of the hotels did have. Overall a good place to stay.	
Aug 3 2008	Perfect location and great breakfast	Stayed at the Central Hotel in late July 2008.Booked directly with the hotel via email. Staff was very helpful. Check-in and check-out procedures were very efficient. Location is perfect, within walking distance to both the Bund and People's Square. Having stayed on the northern edge of the Bund on my first trip to Shanghai, this time I chose a more central location. Had a room with a view to the large square in front of the hotel and Nanjing Street. It was great to watch the crowds move up and down the street and the locals starting Tai Chi from 6am.The room was spacious and clean.Breakfast buffet was great, with a large selection of both western style and Chinese dishes, and even some so-called Japanese style dishes, which looked more Portuguese style to me but were indeed delicious. Breakfast starts from 6am and that's great, especially after the first night when one is still jet-lagged or if one needs to go back the airport early.Air con was strong in the lobby but that was absolutely needed as the outside temperature was well over 35 deg C every day, and already over 32 deg at 8:30 am. So it felt great to reenter the hotel every time and cool out after hours of sweating through the streets of Shanghai.A number of very good bookstores can be found in Fuzhou Street just two blocks away.I will definitely consider staying there again on my next trip to Shanghai.	
May 9 2008 	A Ggreat hotel experience	The Central Hotel Shanghai is great value, well situated and provides very good service. We stayed here twice during a short visit to central China in early May 2008. It seems to cater to western and Chinese tour groups, business people and wedding parties, giving it a quite cosmopolitan and international feeling. English is widely spoken by staff.Rooms (we stayed in 1704 and 2005) are very well appointed, and laundry and housekeeping is of a very high standard. Beds are very comfortable, although mattresses may be a little harder than some western visitors are used to. Rooms are of a good size, although the window in 2005 was smaller due to the hotel facade's distinctive circular motif on the upper floors. Climate control of the room was perfect.The buffet breakfast provided in the &quot;coffee shop&quot; (its actually the hotel's main restaurant) is an excellent combination of western and Chinese food and also very good value, being included in our tariff. We found a feed here really set us up for the day. The same can't be said for the buffet dinner available after 5.00 pm for about 150RMB per head. This was quite dull and lacking in imagination by comparison - its hard to believe it came out of the same kitchen in this otherwise immaculate hotel. We were so disappointed that to avoid it on another night we ate at the Sofitel next door - an outstanding buffet at about 250RMB. Of course, the Nanjing Rd area has many very good restaurants. The Central Hotel also has a Chinese restaurant on the second floor which we did not eat at. There is a mini-supermarket on the first (ground) floor next to the business centre, and some quite good quality shops on level 2.The Central Hotel's location is undoubtedly one of its great attractions - walking distance to the Bund, the spectacular Shanghai Museum, and of course Nanjing Rd's many stores. We also walked 30 minutes to the Yu Yuan Gardens and braved the hard sell for pearls and jade in the surrounding market. It was only some time later that we discovered a much better jade and pearl market directly opposite the Central Hotel in Nanjing Rd (Shanghai Souvenir Market and Pearl City, next to Baleno and KFC).The Central Hotel is highly recommended and one of my best hotel experiences in China.	
Apr 15 2008 	Central Hotel Shanghai	The Central Hotel Shanghai, as its name suggests, is centrally located in PuXi, just a block off Nanjing Road and about 1/2 mile from the Bund. It's pretty much an ideal location. I arrived in the middle of a once-in-a-decade snowstorm and was soaked to the skin from sleet and snow. Disinclined to explore further for dinner, I changed clothes and headed to one of the hotel's two restaurants for dinner. The Central Hotel Shanghai includes a traditional Chinese restaurant and a 24 hour coffee shop that offers a mix of Chinese and western cuisine. Still feeling sodden and unadventurous, I opted for the buffet dinner at the coffee shop. Not my best decision. Unlike most aspects of the hotel, dinner at the coffee shop was only of marginal quality. Although several entrees were offered, including sushi and a few traditional Chinese dishes in addition to a number of western-styled foods, none were particularly fresh or well made. Everything was institutional and bland - a ridiculously boring dinner in this city of thousands of interesting meals. Still, it had the distinct advantage of being warm and dry. My room was equally satisfactory: although not overly large, it featured a firm, comfortable king-sized bed, four enormous pillows and a scattering of throw pillows. The room was attractively decorated in pale yellow and gold, with polished wood accents. Two armchairs flanked a small table next to the windows, which overlooked the high-rise surroundings. Like many Asian hotel rooms, this one had a bedside console to control lighting, HVAC, the large flat screen TV, and so on. Lots of nice high-intensity lighting throughout the room, silky linens, and an overall air of quality furnishings invested the place with a nice, relaxing vibe. The bath, although small and clearly of older vintage, was scrupulously clean and in good repair. Again, as is typical in China, the complimentary toiletries extended to a bounty of multiple toothbrushes, mini-towels, lotions, cleaning cloths, unguents, and potions, all neatly arrayed in soldierly ranks next to the sink. The public portions of the Central Hotel Shanghai include a large fitness center, a sauna and massage area, meeting rooms, a business center, and several high-end retail shops. The lobby and mezzanine are attractively furnished in dignified marble and gilt and the whole place has the same upper-end hustle and bustle you'd find in a similarly-positioned hotel across the globe: lots of sleekly modern folks with cell phones and laptops busily scurrying in and out of cabs, meetings, and the like. Although the staff were coping with the unseasonable weather, which made the marble steps and sloped drive rather treacherous, the entire hotel hummed with the quiet confidence of a well-oiled hospitality machine, and indeed, with the minor exception of my undistinguished dinner, I'd have to say that the Central Hotel Shanghai succeeds at meeting global standards for a four star property. My standard room cost the equivalent of about $100/night - from my perspective, a good value, if not a complete bargain. I think any visitor would be satisfied with this hotel in this price range.	
Apr 11 2008 	In the heart of Shanghai	The hotel is a 4-star hotel, located right in the heart of Shanghai. Our transfer from Shanghai Pudong airport was painless with the hotel shuttle bus which delivered us straight to the hotel. The hotel is located less than 100m from Nanjing Lu, a major shopping district in the heart of Shanghai. Our room was a bit small, but it was nicely furnished and renovated. The sheets were of the highest quality. The outside of the hotel had neon lights which changed colours. Very pretty, but tacky. Reminded us a bit of a hotel in Las Vegas. People in Shanghai tended to leave us tourists alone, unlike people in other cities in China (e.g. Beijing and Xian). Touting was a rarity. All in all, we had a comfortable stay at the Central, although it was a bit pricier than other hotels. The location had its price.	
Apr 5 2008 	Good location decent rooms	This hotel is the default hotel for our tour group. The entire tour group stayed at this hotel at the beginning and the end of our 2 week tour. The hotel is located one block off of the very busy Nanjing lu walking street where one can find endless restaurants and shops. I think the location is superb. There is a convenience store about 2 blocks from the hotel. Caddy corner from Hotel Sofitel. This hotel is also close to several banks. I brought back all my shopping goodies before I went out to dinner with my parents at a nearby restaurant.The room I had was spacious enough for 2 twin beds. It had the usual writing desk and chair. Bathroom was clean and was stocked with shampoo, conditioner, toothpaste and toothbrush, comb and cotton swabs.Buffet breakfast was not bad at all. It had wonton noodles, udon, breakfast steak, sausages, eggs, fruits, congee, miso soup, salmon and assorted breads. Concierge was helpful in arranging transportation to and from the Pudong airport. I also exchanged some US dollars at the front desk although the rate was higher than I thought. In general, I was very pleased with this hotel and would stay here again.At the time of this review, this hotel is building an annex building across the street.	
Feb 1 2008 	Good value	Great location for walking around the city. About half the price of the big name hotels in the same class	
Jan 28 2008	Great Introduction	This was our first trip to China. Getting through customs at the Shanghai airport was horrific - took us 2 hours - so we had no high hopes for the hotel. We were on a Helen Wong Tour and fortunately we were met at the airport by the tour guide. She took care of everything at the hotel which was great and the stress of trying to communicate was resolved. The hotel was great - the room was immaculate and rather classy. The hotel had the largest Chandelier hanging in the Atrium we have ever seen.The Central is within walking distance of Nanjing Road and if you set out early you can see the residents exercising with Fan Dancing, Tai Kwon Do and even some groups Jiving to Rock and Roll music. At night we could see the lights of Shanghai which was really spectacular. Our entire experience was memorable and we would recommend the Central Hotel to anyone.	
Jan 17 2008 	Good apart from the air-con problems	The Central Hotel does exactly what it says on the tin. The location's great for a first-time stay in Shanghai - strolling distance to Nanjing Rd, the Bund and Renmin Park. Rooms are an OK size, spotlessly clean and have good bathrooms. However, on our visit, the room temperature was unbearably hot. When we asked for help in trying to cool the room, the staff told us that the cold air airconditioning had been switched off for the winter and the only option was to open the window and hope for the best. For three nights, neither of us managed a decent night's sleep because the room was like a sauna. We asked for a fan on our second night, which the hotel duly supplied, and that made some difference, but overall it made for a rather uncomfortable stay. It's worth noting that there's a shop on the ground floor of the hotel that sells soft drinks, beer, wine and snacks for significantly less than the minibar prices. Overall I'd stay here again if the aircon issues were sorted out.	
Dec 29 2007 	Great Location	Excellent for its location. My wife and I really enjoyed the hotel. It was right in the centre of all shopping and dining activities. And the Metro was within 5 minutes walking distance, while the rest of the highlights are not accessible by walking, thus made no difference. Even walking to the Bund is not that far.If u are coming from the airport, get the airport bus to the central (People's Park) and then i would suggest to get a cab to transfer u to the hotel, cos the short distance on the map is really quite far when u started to walk the distance. To take a cab from the airport is a rather costly affair. We managed to get a relatively high level after we requested, the only thing that we did not like is the small hotel rest area which was a smoking area and the locals are smoking away like a chimney. The staff was helpful, english was fair. Even when we arrived too early, but they expediate the process to get us into our room, which was rather sizeable.Overall, we enjoyed the hotel, didnt used much of the facilities cos there aint much anyway.	
Dec 5 2007 	great hotel in great location	stayed here for 4 nights, great location just walked across road to Nanjing road and heaps of shopping and restaurants within minutes. Hotel very clean and well appointed. Would highly recommend	
Nov 25 2007	This Hotel Lives up to its Name	A great hotel for sightseeing in Shanghai. Very clean and pleasant rooms. Huge bed and all you need in a bathroom Two minutes walk from the best shopping in the City and and surrounded by restaurants and bars.We only had breakfast here but that was excellent.All the staff appeared to be happy and smiling.	
Nov 8 2007 	Excellent hotel in great location	We have just returned from a three night stay at the Central Hotel as part of a stop-over in Shanghai, and were very happy with the hotel. The room was very spacious and clean (bed was a little hard for our taste, but I understand that's how they prefer beds in China) with a massive TV and desk, room servicing was good, there are non-smoking floors, and the staff were professional and courteous - we had no trouble communicating in English with any staff there. The buffet breakfast was also quite good with lots of options so long as you don't turn up just before it closes.The hotel is just off one of the most bustling parts of Nanking Road, the main shopping street, and most of the rooms would have great views over the neon-lit shopping area at night. We reached the hotel on foot from the airport via the maglev train and then subway, which has a stop only two hundred metres or so from the hotel.The only reason I haven't given the hotel a 5/5 is that the price, at about US$150 / €100 per night for the cheapest class of room including two breakfasts, seems a bit steep for this part of the world. That's about the price I would expect to pay for a similar hotel in New Zealand, where wages and costs are much much higher.We'd reiterate the warnings about the shoeshine scammers in the area. If you're forced into using their services despite frequent use of the word 'no', don't pay anywhere near what is demanded.	
Nov 7 2007 	The great and the good	The great thing about the Central hotel is it's location, just over halfway along the Nanjing road and one block back from the Peoples Plaza so not only are you in the midst of the main shopping street of the city but you can enjoy the elderly Chinese doing their Tai Chi in the morning! The good thing is that it feels more 'Chinese' than say some of the other larger European properties close by, from the Chinese bride in the lobby talking on her mobile to the good Chinese restaurant on the first floor which serves wholesome fare leaving off the menu some of the dishes so beloved of westerners, the ambience is good. The rooms are more than adequate with all amenities (try and book a corner room as it's more spacious with picture windows) and the service is always gracious. Its a short walk down Nanjing road to the Bund (The famous Peace Hotel is closed for refurbishment) and to the 'village' of old Shanghai. Word of warning do not get taken in by English speaking 'students' offering to show you tea ceremonies, art exhibitions etc - it's a scam. The food is varied and plentiful with the evening buffet good value.	
Oct 17 2007	Great Hotel	We had just spent time in Beijing and Xian with a tour group booked through China Travel Service. The hotels in Beijing and Xian were adequate and were certainly equivalent to our four star hotels in Sydney. The Central Hotel Shanghai however was more like a five star hotel. It is situated right in the heart of the shopping district , the room was A1 with all mod cons including a very comfortable bed, the buffet breakfast was as good as you would get anywhere and the reception area, staff and facilities were top class.	
Oct 15 2007 	Loved the Central	The Central was a perfect hotel for our short stay in Shanghai. It is just off the Nanjing Road providing easy access to this shoppers paradise without the noise of being actually on that road. From our 22nd floor room we could enjoy watching the locals perform their early morning exercises in the square below while enjoying an excellent room service breakfast which we preferred to the buffet in the restaurant.The staff were unobtrussive but very helpful when asked, providing softer pillows and helping with the operation of the in room safe very promptly. Everyone spoke English and made our stay a very pleasant one indeed.	
Sep 19 2007	Loved the hotel	This is one of the best hotel i have stayed at in Shanghai, it is newer and cleaner than most hotels in the city, staffs are professional, i highly recommend this hotel to travlers	
May 29 2007 	Wonderful hotel	Stayed here for 6 nights while on a business trip - everything was great!Contrary to some other reviews, all the staff spoke enough english to understand me &amp; were all very friendly &amp; helpful. Room was spacious &amp; very nice, rest of hotel (lobby, business center, etc.) all beautiful &amp; clean. Had a very nice dinner in the restaurant the first night, nice breakfast (both Chinese &amp; western cuisine available) every morning.GREAT location - one block off the Bund, which is a major shopping area.One tip if you're going to Shanghai - bring sneakers or sandals to wear out so you will not be accosted by the numerous &amp; persistant shoe shine men, who will chase you down a whole block trying to squirt your shoe with polish!	
May 23 2007 	fantastic location and lovely hotel	we stayed at this hotel for 4 days and were very impressed, the staff at reception don't speak great english but then we were in China and I don't speak great chinese? check in was effecient and quick.rooms were spacious and well appointed, we had 2 double beds in our room which was spotless - always my biggest concern! room service was great and delivered quickly, we didn't use the resturants as you in such a good position for many others on Nanjing road. The lobby was beautiful and very clean I would certainly receommend this hotel to others for the location and ease and the price was very reasonable!	
May 21 2007 	Great hotel great location	This was my first time in Shanghai and I found the Central Hotel excellent value. We booked through a website to get a good discount on their rack rate. We stayed in a superior room on an upper level, which we requested. The room was more like five-star in quality, as was the service. All the staff I spoke to spoke English, including the check-in desk, concierge and business centre staff. The room was clean, well serviced and secure. The hotel is right near the heart of Shanghai, a short walk to the Bund, shopping and restaurants. The only thing that let the hotel down was the shuttle bus to the airport, which could use a good clean. Highly recommended otherwise.	
Mar 27 2007	Terrible experiance	The hotel staff could hardly speak English.Our room was broken into and our luggage stolen.Management were not helpfull at all.They promised to check their so called security footage outside our room but nothing was followed up.Breakfast was served in a room that was staffed by people with &quot;no&quot; english spoken.We were charged for food and beverages that were not consumed or ordered.A warning to westerners travelling to Shanghia. We would not recomend this hotel to any people who can not speak Chinese.An absolute nightmare.	
Jan 20 2007	Great Location	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION The best thing about this hotel is its location for shopping. A very short walk to the Nanjing shopping area. We went shopping till our hands are full. Walked back to the hotel, drop off the bags and went back to shop again. A lot of good buys! Also a lot of good restaurants. I would definitely consider this hotel again. The staff is very friendly, and the hotel is clean. The hotel room is nice and good size. Seems like they are renovating the hotel, and we stay at a recently renovated room. Very comfortable, except it seemed difficult to control the room temperature. Before I went, I was a little concerned with the noise as commented by one of the reviews here. Actually I did not hear any noise at all unless I leave my window open.	
Dec 5 2006 	Very central good value	This is a great hotel in an excellent location - 2 minutes away from Nanjing road shops, the subway, and the Bund. I've stayed in Shanghai 3 times now, and tried out a few different hotels, but for the price and location (and our view of Nanjing Road from the 14th floor too) this one is hard to beat.My only issue was that I thought I had booked a double, but instead received a twin - and it was two beds that couldn't be called double beds, but were bigger than single beds... I was expecting a double or queen size bed.	
Nov 28 2006 	Check your bill!	This hotel appearred to be value for money but found that they attempted to charge for items listed as &quot;free&quot; in the booking. We left with the feeling that the management and staff were purposefully trying to defraud us. Other much smaller problems included rooms not being ready when we arrived, bed sizes being smaller than booked, and problems getting our luggage delivered to our rooms. We have stayed at many other hotels in China and we give this one the thumbs down.	
Nov 11 2006 	Really nice and good value		
Oct 27 2006 	loved the central		
Jun 30 2006	Excellent Service.		
Jun 27 2006 	Good choice		
May 23 2006	Highly Recommended		
Mar 27 2006	Its central		
Nov 4 2005 	Many Pro's and Con's		
Jul 5 2005	Very Pleasant		
Oct 24 2009 	???????????		
Oct 12 2009 	Vom Feinsten		
Aug 23 2009 	???????????????????		
Apr 28 2009 	proprio centrale!		
Mar 18 2009 	?????????		
Mar 16 2009	?????		
Nov 13 2008 	per fare quattro passi in centro		
Sep 25 2008 	???		
Aug 24 2008	????????????????????		
Mar 20 2008 	Durchwegs zufrieden mit dem Hotel		
