Oct 29 2008 	Good Location Excellent Value with Minor Problems	One of my husband's officemates recommended this hotel and I didn't have any regrets booking at this hotel. First of all, we paid for RMB1,074.00 for 4 days and 3 nights. Quite inexpensive right? That also includes one buffet breakfast for each day. Since I was with my mother the whole stay, I just had to pay for RMB20 for another buffet breakfast. Check-in and check-out was fast though I was requested to press my atm pincode because it was offline. So I had to go to nearest ATM machine to check if my balance is still correct after the transaction. The minute we walked inside the room, I was surprised that the room was bigger than what I expected. It smelled like cigarette smoke so I called the reception for my complaint. After a whole day of city tour the next day, the smell was no longer there. Thank goodness! The sheets were clean, well pressed and no stains. They provided double window panes to prevent dust to come in because there is a big building construction just across the hotel. Bailemen is next to a bustling train station and also the famous Jingan Temple. We went to most of the places by train so it is very convenient. The food during breakfast had so many Chinese varieties. I hope there will be more Western as well. The coffee in the dispenser is strong so don't forget to add hot water. But for those who want to energize, it is perfect for you.	
Aug 13 2008 	Great location. Not too western crowd...	I recently (August 2008) had just one night to spend in Shanghai on my way back to Europe from Nanking. I had to choose: stay an hour out of town for about 250 rmb, or closer to town, for more. Sometimes much more. This was a perfect compromise. It is located just next to a beautiful, lively Buddhist temple (Jing An Ci), it is clean and about 50 m from the No. 2 subway line, which goes downtown and connects nicely with the Mag Lev to the airport. The clientele was mainly Chinese, all very nice, and the staff were fine, patient and spoke English well. The room was clean and well appointed. I would happily go back.	
Apr 27 2008 	good clean and convenient	Bailemen hotel is conveniently located across the subway station in shagnhai, You can hop on the quick and easy subway to many parts of the city within minutes.The hotel room is clean and roomy, and includes a good variety breakfast for one person.There is a 24 hrs mcdonald next to the hotel, plus many restaurants and shops within a few blocks.	
Apr 21 2008 	Good Location and nice breakfast	The hotel was classified as a 3* hotel and we pay less than S$500 for 4night. Location near the Jingan Temple, about 5min walk from the Metro.The room maid is helpful,my hubby step on a broken glass inside the room, and immediately the room maid got a vaccum to clean the whole carpet again. Taxi is very easy to get and it will bring you anywhere. Check in/out was fast. Breakfast comes in western and local delight, not too bad, quite a variety. The famous Jingan temple is just next door and if you don't mind the walking, you can choose to walk down to the Nanjing walking street and to the Bund, don't forget to bring along the camera you will find lots of nice scenery along the way. Of course, Taxi is cheap so can always hail one and happy riding!	
Apr 13 2008 	Good Value Hotel	We stayed there for 3D/2N. The hotel was 1 to 2hr drive (depending on the traffic) from the new terminal 3 airport. 5-10 min walk to the subway. 5-10 walk to a mall and burger king. The bed was not that soft though. We had a deluxe room. It was big. No english channels e.g. CNN, BBC, HBO, etc. The Chinese buffet breakfast was ok. Didn't speak that much with the reception so I had no problem communicating with them. Money exchange rate at the hotel was good.Near a good bar/restaurant called the Spot which has some bands playing. Also near to an Irish pub.	
Apr 11 2008 	For budget travellers	The location almost on top of metro station is good. The traffic on the streets are quite hard, continueing all thru the night. View is guite good, at least if your room is by the street.The staff does not speak very good English, but you can manage.Breakfast is not very good. Only few &quot;western&quot; items available. Tea is from teabags, but if you like strong coffee, you really enjoy the breakfast.Internet connection is quite expensive if you consider the price of the room, 40RMB per day.All in all, quite cheap, quite clean, quite ok. Just don't expect five star luxury and service.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great Location - but nothing else	We booked this hotel based on the reviews on TA, agree that the location is great. However had not realised that a 3* hotel in China does not measure up to those in Europe and felt that the place was dingy, the food was awful and instead of staying the 3 nights booked we checked out after 1 night. Perhaps I was put off by the fact that condoms were on sale in the en-suite, must say that was a first for me. On the whole our other hotels in both Beijing and Xi'an were great but both were 4* and all were from this site.	
Nov 24 2007 	Great Location	Excellent location for a hotel in Shanghai, as recommended by ELLYSE. Subway stop literally on the corner. Bookstores, food shops around the block. Near the hotel, a 24 hour convenience store + a McDonalds + a Shanghai restaurant was still open when we arrived at 1am. Rooms were ok, clean enough. But the location is everything in this case. Airport shuttle buses from both hongqiao and pudong have stops here. We paid only 19 rmb and 4rmb from both airports one way using the shuttle bus.Will consider this next time we stay in Shanghai.	
Oct 29 2007	Review	Location is great as there is a train station call jing an stn nearby. there is also a tourist information center just opposite the street of the hotel , the room was big , ( ours were the normal two bed ) and thus plenty of space to throw things around , there is even a safe depost in each room but you could also opt to put your valuables at the lobby .. there are shops nearby to the hotel and food is not a problem in fact the food there is consider cheap and we spend most of the money on food Dislike The food at the hotel was not that good , we took our breakfast at the hotel and after two days , we could not endure it and thus went out to eat the lobby service SUCKS big time , don't expect any smile or greetings from them. on the whole it was not bad if the service was good , then this hotel would get a better rating.	
Oct 3 2007	amaizng location	Stayed here for 5 nights. its a great location at a great price. between 40-50 US$.Rooms are huge, bigger than the JC Mandarin where I stayed before and payed about 120US$ a night.Excellent location with the Jignan temple right there and the Jignan tube station. full of restaurants, bars and shopping malls,.very accessible and even if you have forgotten your hotel address card, all you need to say is Jignan temple and you will be back here.On the flip side they hardly speak English so ordering anything is a bit cumbersome,but all in all the best value you can get and great location	
Apr 12 2007 	Perfect location great value hotel	We just returned from a trip to Shanghai and stayed at the Bailemen for 4 nights. The staff were professional and willing to help at any hour. The location is spectacular for those who love a neighborhood feel. The Jianan Temple is across the street and the Jianan Park is also across the street. The hotel windows overlook the beautiful park where one can see the locals getting their morning exercise at dawn.Cheap yet trendy restaurants are all within one to two blocks and Nanjing Road- the artery of Shanghai's commercial and shopping district starts at the Bailemen and ends at the Bund. The few kilometers of walking helps one truly appreciate the upper end of Shanghai life.The rates for walk-ins is cheaper than what we paid. A triple room was advertised on the &quot;discount&quot; board for under $45. The exchange rate for currency was the same as banks and very convenient.Rooms are simple but comfortable. The breakfast is Chinese in general but does include toast, sweet rolls and eggs. My 9 year old did love eating the noodles and fried chicken as well as the abundant fresh fruit for breakfast which were part of the Chinese breakfast.The store next door is a nice grocery and convenience eatery where we picked up bottled water every day for about 20 cents a bottle.If you are looking for a clean, well-run hotel with good service and value for your money, you won't be disappointed.	
Dec 3 2005	Tired Three Star	Stayed at this hotel for three nights. It is rated three star according to the local system and you can expect a level of service and appointment no more than this. Patronised mainly by Chinese are far as we could tell. We found it to be a bit tired with decore in need of refurbishment. The bed was very hard, the TV channels were all in Chinese except one in English and no BBC or CNN. The breakfast, which was included in our room rate, was a Chinese buffet and some of the dishes might not suit Western tastes. Bread, jam, butter, omlette and soft drinks were all Westerners might find suitable for breakfast although dumplings and noodles were also available. Coffee was of a quality Westerners might not find acceptable. On the positive side it was very handily located on West Najing Road. A subway station was across the road as was a Japanese department store with food hall, supermarket, pharmacy, cafes and pizza restaurants.	
Oct 15 2008 	????????		
