Nov 17 2009 	Great facilities and rooms	I've stayed here multiple times and again in Nov. 2009. The rooms are very functional, clean, and just right. The plugs, internet, desk, phone etc. are all very nice. The location near Century park is good or bad depending on what you want to do. Others have complained about not much around, which is true for the immediate area, but if you go one direction for about 1 km, you get to the MTR station and that will get you to all the hustle and bustle in less than 30 minutes. In the other direction, for about 1 km, you will get a nice group of restaurants (some western), Carrefour, Starbucks etc. Both are relatively easy walking distance. I usually walk down to the Starbucks for an expensive cup of coffee and get some pastry near by. If you want to be somewhat more adventurous, you can walk to the next block in the morning and get a traditional Chinese breakfast for a song (a meat bun is 1.2 yuan - less than 20 cents USD). There is also a Family Mart right across the street where you can get water and other quick stuff. Since my business in further east than the hotel, this is a good place for me. The rates are really good for Shanghai. During this trip, I also stayed at the Crowne Plaza right next door and the Renaissance is much, much better.	
Nov 15 2009 	Very good price but not the best location	If your travels take you to Shanghai and you plan to travel to locations around the city on this side of the river this place is convenient. If you want to be in the city center and walk to places of interest this is not the place to stay. I stayed here 4 yrs ago and last week again - and while the rooms are in nice shape the hotel itself is off the beaten track and has no local feel to it. Just not much going on here. The room rate was really low - like $75/night - which is a big value in Shanghai for a Marriott property. The JW Tommorrow's Square property wanted $300+ on the same week. The lobby and bars are nicely appointed and are modern and clean. The room was in nice shape too but I didnt feel that comfortable walking around near the building. Lots of local hustle and bustle - not many foreigners though out and about. This place is highly comfortable and functional but you don't get any flavor for the city staying here.	
Oct 30 2009 	Cutting Cost on Customers	Hotel uses saving evironmental as an excuse to trip their own cost by halving and eleminate the supply of basic amenities set in the rooms. Everything you want like an extra pair of slippers, a comb etc. you will have to ask for it. It is very annoying and inconvenient. Why don't they just leave the toiletory kits in the room. This is a cheap skate service attitude!Like other 4 and 5 stars hotels in China, internet connection is very expensive (RMB120). You pay the 4-5 star price for the facilities and you have to pay again to use it. The best value for money in China is 3-star hotels, where Internet connection is free and some even include breakfast.Rooms are getting old wih varnishes start to crack on furniture.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great service great restaurants and wonderful rooms	The rooms were nice and spacious, and the bed was one of the most comfortable ones that i've ever slept in. We were upgraded to the club level, which gave us clug lounge access (free breakfast, appetizers, and drinks). The hotel had at least 5 restaurants in it (2 on second floor, 2 of third floor, and Japanese on first floor). The service was excellent in all areas. The restaurant prices were on the expensive side, as well as the drycleaning services. The only complaint was the location... 2-3 blocks from shopping mall/other restaurants and a short taxi ride away from any site seeing.	
Sep 21 2009 	Simply great!	Just a great place, simple as that! Very nice rooms and the food is perfect. Just don't be fooled by the business bar on one of the upper floors, it's not worth the extra money for the &quot;free&quot; breakfast. Instead just go to the main restaurant downstairs and stuff yourself with the most delicious Chinese (but also Western) food. At night, go to the Chinese restaurant and order a Peking Duck, it's awesome! In the lobby they even had a puppetmaster making little claydough puppets for free, just to take along; so cute!	
Sep 20 2009 	Comfortable and very big rooms	Comfortable and very big rooms. Location is ok: about 10 minutes walk from the nearest MTR station that takes you into Shanghai centre. Few small shops nearby.	
Sep 1 2009 	Fits the bill	Clean, modern conveniences and western sized room. Good for new side of Shanghai, about a 50 RMB ride to old Shanghai. 11 RMB to the maglev terminal to go to Pudong airport.	
Aug 23 2009 	Felt very comfortable here	Travelled to Shanghai recently on business and stayed here for a week. The hotel decor is very stylish throughout - modern, with a Chinese touch. The room was homely and offered everything I wanted. The bed was exceedingly comfortable - ten out of ten - and the service was fine. The area was fine for me personally - my office was two stops down on the underground - and there are a large number of cafés, restaurants and shops catering (also) to a western public. But if being downtown is important to you, there are probably other options.One comment - previously I stayed at the much more expensive Shangri-La, but I found this hotel equally nice.	
Jul 30 2009	Good Hotel if not for the smell	The bed was comfy and room looked nice. It even had 2 phone lines so my mom &amp; I can both talk to difference folks back home at the same time. The problem I had was that the room smelled like yhe sewer, which emanated from the bathroom. I looked everywhere, and room was clean. I called the front desk to change rooms. They said they would call back when they are done checking in guests. But they never called back and I never switched rooms. I am not sure if weather in May causes this smell because that same smell emanated from the streets of Shanghai as well. Perhaps it’s the pollution from the factories…A few other things to note: • the concierge was not very help and spoke very limited English• The food at this hotel was delicious and I highly recommend the breakfast. Unless you are willing to venture to shops that have no English signs and ask for food, this is probably your best bet in the area. • It is about a 15 minute walk to the closest subway station, which has a great knock off shopping mall as part of the station. Don’t let the small mall entrance deceive you, it is massive with tons of stores. • There is very little night life around this area &amp; not close to any particular sights. You will need to head out to Shanghai's city center for that	
May 23 2009 	Classy  comfortable and luxiorous	1) Very Close to the Exhibition Centre in Pudong2) Comfortable and Luxirious Rooms3) Excellent Breakfast spread4) Great Lobby5) Good serviceThe bloch to the whole experience was , i misplace my expensive cell phone in the hotel and never found it.	
Apr 23 2009 	A good hotel in a bad position	The hotel itself was very very good and for overnight visitors that need a hotel close to the airport it would be a good place to stay. However, I found it too far out from the city and not at all the place to be. When I saw some of the other hotels in the centre of Shanghai I realised I had made a huge mistake. Saying that though, the hotel rooms, service and food were very good.	
Apr 21 2009 	hate to tell people this is a nice hotel bcz it's going to drive up the price	i've been staying at this hotel around 5 times a year since its opening. agree to most of the recent comments listed here. don't quite understand the one saying this hotel is only a four star by american standards - i have never seen a nicer renaissance in the states - maybe i've been going to the &quot;wrong&quot; places.true, it's in a resididential area. but there are convenient stores, restaurants, bars and a foot massage parlor right across the streets. and there are more choices within walking distance (you'll have to get directions from hotel people). if you are one of those guys or gals who like to go to xintiandi or hengshan road every night this location might be a bit inconvenient. food, drinks and lundry service at the hotel are very expensive - american prices. on top of all that the internet isn't free, something like 15 bucks for 24 hours. but you always can go out to eat and drink.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great experience Renaissance	I stayed for 4 nights in Renaissance, Shanghai Pudong. This is one of the best hotels I have seen in Shanghai. The lobby is huge. The ambience is very good. The rooms are very well maintained and have an excellent view of the city. The bathroom is very good. There is a choice of restaurants available for food. The swimming pool and health club are great. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Business Hotel	One of the best Renaissance hotels I have stayed at in China. It is a bit out of the way - surrounded by residential area - however taxis are easy to come by and quite cheap. Also Metro line 2 is about a 15 minute walk (Shanghai Science and Technology Museum station). Also there is a large shopping area (Xiangyang Market) in the metro station similar to Silk Market in Beijing with copies of western brands. On the same Metro line 2 you can go across river to heart of Bund area (Nanjing Road) in about 15 minutes for a couple of dollars. Faster and less expensive than taxi.Hotel still looks quite new, beds comfortable (standard Marriott) and room size and bathroom was above average in size and very clean. Food in restaurants was good but more expensive than eating out. Wide selection of western dishes and pretty good service. Small market (like 7-11) just across street if you need to buy water or other supplies. This will be my new place to stay when visiting Shanghai.	
Aug 20 2008 	Fantastic	Stunning Marriott Hotel on the Eastern side of Shanghai. Staff at every point were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Beautifully appointed public rooms, lovely bar. Nice to be able to smoke at the bar... Don't miss the quiet little garden on the roof (Level 6 by the pool). Breakfast unhurried and great selection. Location is ok, away from some of the traditional sightseeing areas, but as previously mentioned taxis are very cheap, about 40RMB's to get anywhere you need to. Don't try to walk anywhere at this time of the year, so hot so humid. The hotel was a cool oasis.	
Jun 21 2008 	Beautiful central Shanghai hotel!	This is a beautiful Marriott property! I would rate it a 9 in the US.I stayed here for 16 days in May June of 2008 and it was a beautiful hotel.The rooms are spacious and the beds new and luxurious. 6 pillows and I had an excellent view of the park and city.I was here on business and had a few days off for pleasure. You can walk everywhere and taxis are cheap. Be careful of the taxis outside their areas they are totally confused and lost!! We learned this the hard way and got lost several times.Make sure to get a hotel card from the concierge as it will be your only hope back in a taxi!They have good maps and can help a lot but get detailed instructions in Chinese and have them circle the destination and the hotel for the trip.We visited the club lounge daily for high quality happy hour and great food stuff. The team in the club lounge bend over backwards to please and wait hand and foot on clients. There is excellent wired and wireless internet that seems to be free and unrestricted. I was able to connect to all my usual US sites without any problems. The hotel is beautifully decorated.Beware the lobby bar lounge though. We went down often and saw ladies of the evening working the crowd hard for business. It was obvious the staff were well aware and chummed up to the girls between their rounds to the often intoxicated business mens rooms. My friends and I saw this every night in the lounge.They tried us as well but we just ignored them so they left us alone after the second night. The food is pretty good in the lounge but the alcohol is outrageous. 7-9 USD per drink or beer.Across the street at the Family Mart you can get water, beer, alcohol, and much more dirt cheap!I paid between 1200 - 1500- 1900 Yuan depending on the nights for the room. Laundry is very expensive to send out.I will stay here again as it's probably one of the nicest hotels in China!	
Apr 6 2008 	Nice but thin veneer	The Renaissance Pudong is a nice, quiet hotel with wonderful service. However, it is four-star quality by American standards. It is a very standard business hotel with a thin, 5-star veneer. It is closer to the Pudong airport than the Hongqiao, so if you're coming in domestically, you might want to book something more central.	
Feb 9 2008 	quite even on New Years Eve	Having spent 8 nights on hard Chinese beds in the western part of China, the comfortable, softer bed was a welcome night's rest. The room was a comfortable size, spotlessly clean, with crisp white linens, in our standard room. Marble floors in the bath were cool to the touch but the heat in the rooms was easy to adjust during this very cold time in China. Hot water was prompt and plentiful for good showers. Nice large towel for after a shower. Plenty of amenities in the bathroom. The staff was very helpful with all services, prompt check in and out, cabs in seconds, as were bellmen for luggage. English was plentiful for those of us who know only 2 or 3 words of Chinese.The breakfast buffet was large and plenty of choices plus you could order eggs any way you wanted. We were late getting down at 10AM, the reception staff called up to see if they were still serving. They told them to send us up and they would hold breakfast for us...the entire buffet. They didn't break any of it down until we reassured them we were full and didn't want any more. It was pricey compared to other cities we'd been to, but it is Shanghai where you expect to pay more. It was good with all types of food on it.	
Jan 22 2008 	Enjoyed my stay	I was in Shanghai for business in August. This hotel was recommended to me by coworkers. The hotel had a nice interior and my room was spacious. The hotel was staff was friendly and helpful. This hotel is in the newer part of Shanghai. For business, this was nice. There are a lot of ex-pats living and staying the area. I found the restaurants in the area were very accomodating for non-Chinese speakers and almost all had picture menus! There were many restaurants within walking distance and some shopping also. If you plan to do a lot of sight seeing, I would recommend staying on the other side of the river. I spent my weekends and evenings checking out the sights. The cab ride accross the river to Nanjing Road or the Old City in the evenings takes at least 30 minutes. However, if this doesn't bother you, this is a nice place to stay	
Nov 30 2007 	A Nice Hotel in a Decent Location	The Renaissance Shanghai Pudong is a nice hotel, but not outstanding.The check-in was fairly prompt and courteous. The room is relatively spacious with the one highlight being its contemporary-styled bathroom. The bed is firm and relatively comfortable, but fussy sleepers might not like it.The buffet breakfast is excellent - the food is tasty and the selection is huge.And the location is pretty good with the closest MRT station (ShanghaiTech and Science Museum) about a 10 minute walk away. Across the street is a pub, a convenience store and a DVD shop (I recommend the DVD shop because it's cheap, it has a lot of titles and the DVDs work). If you walk a couple of more blocks you'll find a bunch of restaurants to choose from.	
Apr 2 2007 	Very nice hotel	This is a very nice hotel, 5 stars. Accommodations are very nice with very comfortable beds and very clean rooms. The bathroom is spacious with a tub and shower and the living area is very large. The room (25th floor) was very quiet with no street sounds or sounds from neighboring rooms.The staff is very helpful in arranging taxis and the concierge desk helpful with questions.There is internet access in the room, 120 RMB per 24 hours.The TV features several English speaking channels.I ate many breakfasts in The Brasserie on the 2nd floor and found the buffet to be very good with a nice food selection and good service. There are dinner buffets served here also and again the food selection is very good and the quality and service very good. For those wishing to eat elsewhere, there are a number of choices within a 10-15 minutes walk.There is a nice bar and sitting area with entertainment.The hotel is approximately 40-50 minutes by taxi from the Pudong airport (cost ~140 RMB) and approximately 60 minutes from Hongqiao Airport (cost ~85 RMB.)This was my second stay at this hotel and I recommend it.	
Apr 1 2007 	Great hotel	We stayed at the hotel for two nights during a recent multi-city tour of China. It was an excellent experience. The rooms were very large clean, and the bathroom had both a shower and a tub (with a retractable clothesline). Furnishings were comfortable and elegant. The buffet breakfast was generous and offered both Chinese and Western food. Use of computers with Internet access in the business center, as I recall, was approximately 8 USD for 15 minutes, which didn't seem terribly unreasonable. Taxis were readily available, and cost about 25 RMB (3 USD) to the Bund. There are two laundries nearby, and a large shopping center with many restaurant options and a Carrefours within a 10 minute walk. (Most restaurant menus included pictures and English.) Concierge was very helpful. The nearest metro station was a leisurely 15-minute walk. We paid $125 per night (including breakfast) through our travel agent, which was an incredible bargain by US standards.	
Sep 25 2006 	Nice Hotel but beware the rip-off internet	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in Mid September. It is very nice and plush, but compared with other hotels in China, not that cheap. My biggest gripe was that in a country where broadband internet access costs around $100 a year they want close on $25 a day which is unacceptable in any country in my view, let alone China. I guess they think they can get away with it since it is essential to the business travellers they are clearly aiming at. Yes, it’s a nice hotel with good gym and breakfast (similar price to the internet if not included in the room rate!), the room is nice but not that large, but it is in an out-of-the-way part of Pudong which requires a taxi to get anywhere or a brisk 10 minute walk to the metro. There is not much around the hotel except a Japanese and Korean restaurant (both OK and cheap) and a sports bar (aimed at hotel guests and priced to match). Did I like the hotel? Yes. Would I stay there again? No. I will only be ripped off once by a hotel and frankly there are lots of really excellent hotels in Shanghai that offer better value and location	
Aug 10 2006	Great in many ways	Stayed there on business. 5 star quality. Located in residential area so minimal traffic and crowds. Never waited more than 1 minute for taxi unlike other hotels. Primo room decor and modern fixtures, at least on floors 19 and 21 where I stayed. Could not find ice machine. Was told to order it. Free broadband internet - cable provided. Has plug that accepts US prongs but warning: it's still 220v for dual voltage laptops. Exec level is worth it since it provides free beverages, liquor, ice, english newspapers, large lounge and small buffet - I think 24hrs. Fitness center is large and clean with weights, good variety of equipment and water cooler. Their buffet restaurant 200RMB Fri-Sat special and maybe other days too, is a much needed break from local cuisine since it has a cook to order grill offering filet, sirloin, lamb chops, whole and fileted fish. A relief to have mass quantities of plain grilled meats. It also had a freezer full of Hagen Das. Unlimited. Video store across the street has DVDs for 20 RMB. Taxi to Nanjing Rd for shopping about 40 RMB, to Super Brand Mall about 20 RMB. Take the Maglev train 40RMB to PVG - its' speed will astound you- 7 minutes better than the 35-40 minute taxi. Hotel is~ 8 taxi minutes away from Maglev station--again no traffic.	
Jul 22 2006 	My new favorite place to stay in the Shanghai area	Gorgeous lobby, lavish room, very good price. This hotel has it all, except that it is a little far from the &quot;corner&quot; of Pu Dong near Shanghai and the Pearl Tower. Frankly the cabs are so inexpensive in Shanghai that the location is not a problem. I stayed there on my last day in China so that I would be close to the Mag Lev train that goes to the airport. It's very close to that station ($18 RMB by cab.)We had dinner at one of the two restaurants inside the hotel, and I had Pad Thai for about $60 RMB ($8.00 US) and a nice bottle of California wine for about $32.00 US. Not a rip-off at all.Very highly recommended.	
Jul 1 2006 	A great stay	I just returned from a week in Shanghai where I stayed at the Reniasance Shanghai Pudong. This is one of the best hotels I have stayed at in Asia.The room on the club floor was large and well designed with plenty of closet space, a very comfortable bed and a large bathroom with both a tub and a shower. The club room came along with access to the club on the 26th floor which was open 24 hours and staffed for 18. They served a hearty breakfast with an assortment of western and chinese dishes and plenty of fresh fruit. The staff was courtious and friendly and were fluent in English. There was a wide assortment of chinese and english newspapers available.All of the service people (from the front desk, to the taxi station, restaurants, club center, buisiness center and cleaning staff) were courtious and friendly. They all spoke English to one extent or another. The Brasserie afforded a nice mixture of chinese and western dishes. The only drawback (and it is not the hotel's fault) is that the location is so new that the taxi drivers somethimes had trouble finding it. My recommendation is to take the direction card from the hotel with you and show it to the taxi driver.	
Jun 1 2006	Best hotel I found in China	We spent only one night, but it was a memorable one. The room and bathroom were spacious and beautifully decorated. The restaurant dinner and breakfast buffets would compare favorably with anywhere. We would definitely stay again.	
May 21 2006	Good Hotel in a quiet area	Great Hotel located in the not yet developed Pudong area, however it is only 10min. far from downtown. The Hotel is very nice, great rooms with a superb bathroom. At this moment the only inconvenience you may find are the building constrcution around the hotel, therefore make sure to have a room on the upper floors.Staff is very kind and efficient.There is a CD and DVD's shop just in front of the hotel!! it is very good and cheap.With regard to the MAGLEV train, i gotta say that it is awsome, however, it is not so fast as they said as it only goes at a max. speed of 301 km/h.	
May 12 2006 	5 Star Service- You get what you pay for	This place definitely lives up to eloquence of it's lobby decor. The breakfast buffet is much better than other western hotels in Shanghai and the wait staff will catch your napkin before it hits the floor. The rooms are beautiful, maybe a bit small by American standards, but perfectly configured so you hardly realize the size.The negatives: Not many...except price...they get you big for internet, so be judicious when you hit the VPN for emails. It also isn't very cost effective to dine here. Shanghai (not neccesarily the Pudong area) has TONS of great restaraunts that can deliver the same quality food at 25% of the cost. Considering it's a $3-$10 cab ride to most dining districts, you should not hesitate to hit the town for the evening.Of course the area really isn't the same as being near the downtown area, if you go for walks, you'll just hit commercial construction projects and perhaps some residential high-rises. It's about a 15 min cab to the city bustle (in China terms).If you are flying in, consider taking the 300 mph Maglev train...it's only route is from the Pudong airport to a stop slightly south of this hotel....(it was a demo line to try and sell a country wide project). To and from the airport are the only times you'd ride this train.	
Mar 16 2006	Most Memorable Feature: Grand Lobby...	This hotel lived up to expectations of what was expected of a 5 star chain hotel. The bathroom was huge relative to size of bedroom. Decor was oriental themed calligraphy with liberal splashes of red and gold. The bed was comfortable and turndown service included a cookie as well as the weather forecast for the following day. However, service could be improved and more initiative taken esp. with the front desk staff. Our party of 3 (we booked 2 rooms) wanted to check in but were told that our rooms were still not available despite us arriving at the standard check in time. Reason being that the hotel was running at full occupancy the previous night. (Shouldn’t provisions been made?) After much discussion, the manager reluctantly gave us 1 room (which was apparently available but did not show up on the system initially.) Manager claimed that the room was in need of room maintenance however we found nothing spoilt or 'unusual' about the room when we checked in.Overall, our stay was pleasant. Admittedly, Pudong is a considerable distance away from the city centre but the average cab ride cost only about 30Yuan. Enroute, you pass by landmark constructs such as the Nan Pu “suspension” Bridge as well as drink in the sight of the Shanghai Bund.	
Oct 17 2005	Lovely Hotel	As some ppl stated that the location is not the best but the hotel itself is really nice. Nice decor, super clean and comfortable bed! I would recommend this hotel to anyone who does not mind taking a cab every time. If taking a cab with non-English speaking driver bothers you, this is not the hotel for you....	
Aug 5 2005 	Amazing Hotel	This hotel may not be the most convienient if you want access to the city, but if you are attending any type of convention at the New Shanghai Convention Center (CINEC) this place is the ticket. The staff could not be any more friendly, and if you are coming in from the airport, you can arrange a car from the front desk to pick you up. ( Buick Regal ) The hotel car is a bit more then a taxi, but it is air conditioned and clean. I can't say that for the taxis. I happen to be here during a Typhoon, they say it is one of the worst in 8 years. The staff here will do anything for you, and there is always someone to greet you no matter where you are. You can work out in the nicely appointed gym, and when you are done get an hour long massage for about $35.00 USD. You can't beat it. If you can book a room on the club level I also high reccomend doing that. Good luck on your travels.	
Apr 17 2005 	Luxury and a bit of peace in busy Shanghai	Got this hotel on a $85 Priceline bid -- not the best deal that I've gotten on Priceline but...this hotel was so worth it and more! It was luxury as soon as you walk in through the doors. Check in was a breeze and the bellhop helped me transport my lugguage to the room. Service was superior and professional. Loved the bathrooms (separate shower and tub) and the toiletries provided. The room was spacious and the beds were fabulous with a comfy duvet. Internet access was available but it worked only on 1 night out of the 2 nights I was there. Hotel restaurant had a nice breakfast buffet. But I opted to eat off the menu instead. Really liked their Chinese breakfast. For dinner, I really liked their Hainan Chicken. Pricey meals but I was there on business and didn't really feel like wandering around Shanghai after a long day at the office. Their fitness facilities and pool were amazing! This hotel is located a bit further away in Pudong ( about a 10 minute drive away from the Shanghai hub), but taxis are really cheap so worth being out there in peace than in the noisy hub (if that's what you want). You do want to carry the hotel business card (which also has a map on it) so you can show the taxi driver where you want to go...a combination of the hotel being new and drivers not being able to speak a word of English makes this totally necessary.I'd stay at this hotel again if ever given the chance to travel to Shanghai again.	
Feb 20 2005	Wonderful Luxury Hotel Away From The Hustle 	Fantastic hotel. Stayed on the club floor for a rate of $95 over Chinese New Year - rate included breakfast buffet and evening canopes and drinks. Free internet and laundry. Room beautifully decorated with a fusion of western and eastern themes - luxurious bathroom, although tub a little on the small side!The pool, if not the gym, is amongst the most impressive I have ever seen.As highlighted by others this hotel is about 10 minutes from downtown by taxi - personally we found it nice to be away from the hustle and bustle, the hotel was really peaceful a million miles away from the honking horns of downtown (but only a £2 taxi ride each way). Genuinely amongst the finest hotels we have stayed at in the last year or so - eclipsing Century Plaza in Beverly Hills and Marriott Fort Lauderdale etc. Obviously it helps that this is a newer hotel but the service levels and quality is right up there.I would echo other comments though - few taxi drivers speak any English - it's worth getting details of the hotel name and directions in Chinese before you go!	
Feb 2 2005	Definately recommend this hotel!	First trip to Shanghai and stayed at the Renaissance Pudong for 3 weeks in January, it was great! Very new and well-maintained, luxurious rooms/decor, friendly staffs, nice buffets - good value for money. Concierge staffs are very helpful and professional - they deserve a thumbs-up!Located in the residential area, the area is very peaceful and not crowded - okay if you are not looking for central locations. Afterall, taxis are readily available. However, do note that hotel is quite new so many taxi drivers may not be familiar.There's also not much in the surrounding area - just a convenient store and a massage palour across the street. But Carrfour is just a 10-min taxi-ride away, great shopping place but avoid the overwhelming crowds on weekends and public holidays.	
Oct 26 2004	Great hotel taxi to the center	Stayed in this luxurious hotel with my wife and my parents in September 2004. The hotel is great (rooms, swimming pool, sauna, gym, massage, bar) in service, yet not very centrally located. Didn't find its location to be an issue, since a taxi ride (available at hotel exit - translation services of the bellboys are very helpful &amp; necessary as taxi drivers spoke virtually no English) will cost you very little (average EUR 2) to the center. This took between between 10 and 30 minutes, depending on traffic.	
Jul 7 2004	Very nice business hotel	Very comfortable and large rooms. In a new residential area -- have to take taxi to restaurants, shopping, subway (15 min walk).	
Oct 29 2008 	??????????		
Aug 19 2008 	?????????????		
Mar 29 2006 	Muy recomendable		
