	Total chaos I want my money back.	Not something you would expect from a hotel branded with the &quot;Sheraton&quot; logo.Its either they are still on their way to getting up to what international travelers expect of the Sheraton, or management really doesn't care.Below are the reasons why I couldn't recommend anyone to stay at the Sheraton Pudong. - ArrivalAs I arrived at the Sheraton Complex, my driver made a mistake and took me to the &quot;Four Points by Sheraton&quot; instead of the Sheraton Pudong. The porter at the Four Points was attentive, opened my door and was quick to service. I told him I was staying at the Sheraton Pudong, he kindly directed the taxi to the correct driveway.To my surprise, the Porter at the Sheraton Pudon was too busy chatting with his colleague, I had to flag him down so that he could help me with my bags. When I asked him if this was the Sheraton Pudong, he replied &quot;I don't speak English&quot;- Check-inThe lady at the check-in counter was either having a bad day or Chinese customs is to be cold to arriving customers. No smiles or thank you's were given. A very dry check-in. She did not even explain where the porter took my bags and who/where I was supposed to ask to get it delivered to my room until I asked her about it.- RoomThe rooms were decorated in a very nice matter. However, the details of the room finish were not what I expected. A lot of things were bolted/glued on crooked (like the faucet and the showerhead); it got me worrying about the construction of the building it self. However, housekeeping and other services were up to standards except the fact that when people come to deliver things to your room, (I guess since they do not speak English) they just grunt and hand you what is supposed to be delivered.- BreakfastService is HORRIBLE. First day, I was served a GLASS of hot tea, when others were given mugs. Not is that only weird but also dangerous!! Second day, someone gave away my seat while I was at the buffet. It took the restaurant forever to find me a seat, clear the table (which they only half cleaned). I had plates in my hand, no one offered to help me while I was waiting for a seat to be made. - Check outI used the in-room internet (for a fee). However, at check out they told me that no charges were on the room... nice that I didn't have to pay for it but, worries me that the reverse could happen. - Bell serviceI was advised to reserve a taxi since I was leaving at a busy time in the morning (9:00AM). The morning I was leaving, the bell desk/ concierge was so busy that no one was available to help me to retrieve my reservation. I decided to walk to the curb and ask the porter for the taxi that I reserved. The porter just asked for a room number (he has no documents to check if I was the correct person), then he asks where I was headed.... I had already given all details of my destination when I made my reservation. I bet that no reservation information was relayed to the porter and that I was just lucky that I didn't have to wait for a taxi. The verdict: the building it self is nice but expect motel 6 style hospitality. I stayed at the Intercontinental Pudong last year and had a waaaaaaay better experience. I recommend staying there instead if you are heading for Pudong. Sheraton, you really need to work on that hotel. Its a venue with a world class name and building but with negative service. If you're like this now, whats going to happen during the Expo??	
Nov 7 2009 	Good quality hotel	Very good quality hotel. large room, good service, good breakfast. Just a DVD reader missing and it would be perfect.	
Oct 22 2009 	Nice but I wouldn't choose again...	Arriving in Shanghai today our group of 7 took a taxi to the Four Points by Sheraton where we had reserved 5 rooms. Upon arrival we were told that there were no rooms available. I was very surprised because we had our confirmation papers with us.The Four Points staff told us that they would put us in the Sheraton Hotel nearby. We walked to the hotel and started to check-in. I was then informed that there were no rooms with king sized beds available. As I am particular about my bed due to back issues, I had reserved a king sized bed. Through some discussion I was placed in a smoking room (25th floor) with double beds. The room was very adequate with a nice view (but small window), but the beds were small.After 4 &quot;back-n-forth&quot; phone calls I was given a room with a king bed (12 floor). However, take a look at the view (in the photo). I get to look at another hotel directly out my window. Do not book this hotel expecting a nice view... even if you ask for it (as I did).One thing that I really look for in a 5-star hotel is a super bed experience... I like to sleep well and expect the best, plush beds... this Sheraton doesn't have great beds.It is only my first day here and the room is decent. The check-in problems were frustrating as I was on a timeline for completing some work in the afternoon. I am hopeful my experience from this point will improve. So far I would suggest considering another hotel.Other comments:* No wireless internet access* Very limited snack options in minibar* There is a French Press in the room for making coffee (this is terrific!)* In-room dining choices are limited and may only be for a very specific/limited palate: Goose liver??? Mushroom &amp; Jelly Fish sald???	
Oct 12 2009 	Wonderful	We very much enjoyed our stay of 4 days here. The breakfast &quot;buffet&quot; has to be seen to be believed. Various stations offer Japanese, Chinese cuisine, an egg station, juices, quality breads and jams, fruit galore etc.etc. offering a great start to the day. We lucked into incredible rates for our stay but they are probaly VERY competitive for a hotel of this class - it is a Sheraton class hotel as opposed to Chinese class/designed/constructed hotel with a western branded management. Of great benefit is the metro stop being right at the door of the hotel - so although the hotel is off the beaten tourist track, the subway makes it accessible to anywhere very conveniently - and it is nice at night to land at your doorstep.	
Oct 6 2009 	Be careful startwood points not rewarded	I would like to start by saying the hotel isexcellent and the service is 1st class.This the third time I have stayed there on my business trip to Shanghai. My complaint is that I am a starwood member, and so for each stay one is awarded points depending on the amount for final bill is.On this visit I booked two rooms on the internet vai what Sheraton customers services would call a third party. This was because this time when I was doing my booking I found the rate offered by Sheraton own site were much higher than when I booked through an agent.  So obviously I went for the cheaper option.  I paid $1200 for my stay with them , however I was informed when I complained about not reciving the points with the excuse that I had not booked directly with them so was not entiled to recieving points. So be aware that is you do not book directly with Sheraton you do not get your points. So to gets points you have to pay there inflated prices.When I travel with Emirates as long I fly with them they give there own points , they do not look at who have I booked with, However the Sheraton loylalty shceme does not do this.They have best rate guarantee,the complint procedure in complicated , once you do find a room you have to fill in complaints form.If there own website rate were not inflated in the first place, customers would not need to bother explaining to them.  I	
Aug 14 2009 	Will definitely come back again.	Booked 3 rooms, stayed 4 nights in late-July, can't be more pleased. Many previous reviews mentioned inconvenient location; now subway line 4 is completed with a stop right in front of the hotel. Shanghai has 8 subway lines now, it can take you to almost anywhere in the city within 30 minutes for only CNY4. Taxi is also cheap, under CNY30 (USD4.5) to most PuXi areas, CNY15 and less than 10 min. to Pudong Pearl Tower.For the hotel, it's at the high-end of a 5-star hotel. Room is spacious 42sqm with 2 'queen' size beds, rare in Shanghai. Pool, fitness, breakfast are all excellent. What's better, you pay a lot less than most 5-star hotels in Shanghai. The hotel is very close to 2010 Shanghai EXPO. Will definitely come back agin. Highly recommend.	
Aug 1 2009 	Perfect	I'll come again awesome  Perfect	
Jul 15 2009 	Good Value for Money	We stayed at Sheraton Pudong for 4 nights back in February. This was the second time staying at the hotel. Similar to other reviews, we could not find anything wrong with the hotel. The room was spacious and comfortable and had everything you need. We tried both the coffee shop and the Chinese restaurant, both were OK. The location is very close to the airport train station. All in all, this is good value for money and we have no complaints on any aspects of the hotel.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great hotel with comfortable rooms in non centralised location for tourists yet ideal for business travelers	Stayed here for 6 nights in May with my parent in a twin room. The bed was very comfortable and room size was huge and spacious. Previously stayed at the Four Points next to it and realised that Sheraton has bigger rooms, bathrooms and better facilities. If price is your consideration factor, Four Points offer more value for money.Sheraton has a gigantic bathroom with separate toilet, shower, and sink area. The shower has a bathtub and a separate shower feature with a rain shower facet on the ceiling. Very nice touch. I also like how the closet has doors that can be opened from both the room and the bathroom, very convenient as one does not have to bring the clothes into the bathroom.Facilities wise, the health club is great. Pool was nice, and fitness centre was also above average. Free internet kiosk and printing available at lobby area. Highly convenient and helpful for people needing to print stuffs.Food wise, My mum and I had a few meals at the Chinese restaurant and we found it affordable with excellent food selection and offering tasty dishes. Also ordered room service once and found it to be good and affordable with wide and decent selection.Restaurants are very helpful as the hotel location is not very ideal. Taxi is cheap, though, and one will most likely be taking the cab frequently when you stay here. There is a subway station directly in front of the hotel and offers a cheap and efficient way to get to the touristy area over the river in Huang Pu. I had to take the train once as no cabs were willing to drive me into Xintiandi for a dinner appointment I had. The train ride was fast and despite having to change line twice(!) I reached Xintiandi under 30 minutes.If you are a business traveler and need to frequent Pudong, then this hotel will be great for you as cab into Pudong is under 10 minutes and will not set you more than 15 Chinese Yuan (around US$2).	
May 24 2009 	top notch hotel	Just took a quick 3-day getaway trip to Shanghai, and chose this hotel as part of the air-and-stay package. My first 2 choices were sold out so I had to &quot;settle&quot; for this hotel. I guess it's not a popular hotel because of its location (on the Pudong side, and not walkable to TV &quot;Oriental Pearl&quot; tower).The location may not be perfect for some, but the hotel is right on top of the subway station. It takes less than 45 mins to get from the Pudong airport using the Maglev highspeed train and subway (side note: the frenquency of the subway can be quite low during weekend, about every 15 mins). And the city is covered by multiple subway lines (up to 8 now). As a last resort, taxi is very affordable.What impresses me the most is the well appointed guest room. Everything you need, they have it. The rain shower is a nice touch that is not often found in others. TV with lots of channels, nice bedding, separate toilet stall, I just cannot find any faults. However, I must caution about something I found in many hotels in China. For some reasons, the materials used in renovation/furnishing get worn out pretty quickly (I already found little cracks in the stone tiles in the bathroom), so rooms may not be as impressive in a couple years.Used their gym as well, very spacious. It's set up in a long corridor style room, most equipment facing the garden, so it gives guests a very tranquil feeling while exercising. I took a peak at the pool and locker room area (which has a steam room), all very nice. And for some reasons, only few people used the facilities (I went around 6:30-7:00am), so that's great.As part of the package, the breakfast buffet is included. Lots of items to choose from. Particularly enjoyed their pastry and cold section (cereal, salad). Great service throughout, I was able to leisurely enjoy the food, while browsing the internet (free on the ground floor of the hotel).Overall service standards are very high, any inquiries and problems were answered/solved promptly. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 17 2009 	Don't drink the water	Room very good but prices for drinks and services a rip off.RMB 78 (GBP 7.50) for a bottle of water, RMB 50 for an hour on the Internet &amp; RMB 60 for a tomato juice.This is China. Does the management expect you to haggle as you have to with the other pirates in Pudong.	
Feb 24 2009 	No Complaints	Very nice new hotel. Free internet access in lobby for your own laptop, plus they had 6 desktops (link@sheraton which is a great thing) free for use.Breakfast was included in my rate, and was good and ample.The hotel, and the Four Points next to it, are located in front of the Tang Qiao metro stop, line 4. The metro costs 4RMB per ride. To get to the maglev station, go to Long Yand Rd station on line 2. You have to change trains at Century Avenue, but it's easy enough. The maglev is 50RMB each way, or 80RMB roundtrip within 7 days. The maglev ride is 8 minutes, plus about 20-25 minutes on the metro to/from the hotel stop.The hotel is not in the heart of Pudong where the big buildings are, but it's all a metro ride away.	
Dec 14 2008 	Very nice hotel	Stayed at Sheraton Pudong for 3 nights on business trip in December 2008. As a business hotel it was very good with free wireless internet in the lobby. Room internet was overpriced as it is in every upscale hotel (I never understand this).The breakfast buffet was varied and food tasted great. Dim Sum station also included.One complaint was the lobby bar was very impersonal and had a very abandoned feel. The hotel tries to spruce it up with live music but not a very good result.	
Dec 12 2008 	Great hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Pudong in Shanghai in November 2008. The hotel is beautiful and conveniently located near a subway entrance.After a very long day of travel with our patience running low and attitudes about to take a turn for the worst, we were incredibly happy to check into our beautiful, comfortable room. I have stayed at many great hotels, but this may be one of the nicest - we actually took out our cameras and took a few photos before unpacking because it was soooooo nice. It was a really welcome surprise that changed our mood immediately.New, spacious room with an incredibly comfortable bed, chaise, lovely bathroom, fluffy robes, nice amenities. Perfect.The buffet breakfast downstairs is one of the nicest I have ever had. It became my favorite meal of the day.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great modern part of China.	The hotel was very nice and the staff are helpful. Location was great, and it was walking distance to the train. It was not too far from the main attractions, just a 15-20 min cab ride. The room was comfortable. Cleanliness is not a problem. Staffs are helpful. The bed is just right, you can have a good night sleep at night. It was a good stay.	
Oct 23 2008 	Just about a pass mark	Stayed in Sheraton Pudong for three nights whilst on business to Shanghai. The hotel is about a year old and in good order.Quibbles about usual things really. Shanghai is expensive but food and drinks in this establishment do not represent good value. (Check the back of the restaurant menu and you will find set meals for 90 RMB, but no staff member will point this out)Concerned also about the cost of internet access in the rooms although this is provided free of charge in the lobby area.SPG rewards and upgrade entitlement the usual mystery with the 3 points for every $ spent simply not being credited.Location is ok next to the cheap and cheerful four points sister hotel and less expensive shopping mall which has several cheaper food outlets. And as usual in Shanghai you are only a short hair raising taxi journey away from venues on both sides of the big river... The Bund remains building site as things gear up for Expo infrastructure requirements so best avoided for now.I would stay here again, as its clean, quiet and a relative short hop in taxi from PVG via Maglev station at Longyuan.	
Aug 14 2008	Wow!	Wow, this hotel far exceeded my expectation. The service was impeccable. The best I've experienced in China.I am surprised at the comments about the &quot;bad location&quot;. The location isn't &quot;bad&quot;. It's in Pudong, the business district, away from the tourist spots. But the subway stop is literally on the hotel plaza. In general, the subway in Shanghai is the way to go around the city because of the traffic. By subway, it's 15 - 20 minutes to downtown Shanghai, and it's really convenient to the Pudong airport, being only 10 minutes cab ride away from the Maglev.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great hotel  swish rooms	The Sheraton Pudong in Shanghai is a brilliant hotel.The rooms are beautifully decorated, with all items. The bathroom is immaculate with both rain shower and bath.Great wardrobe, safe etc. The breakfast is amazing.There is also a great fitness centre with a large swimming pool and a very well equipped gym.The location is not bad - but ok for business not as a tourist.	
Jun 21 2008 	Beautiful hotel not a great tourist location	Similar to others' posts, I agree that this is a very beautiful hotel, very good service howver not in an exciting location. Because it's a new hotel I had some difficulty with taxis finding it, even with the hotel's business card. The metro/subway station across the street is the Line 4/Brown/Pudong Nan Lu station and if you take a taxi from the Pudong airport to this hotel it will cost you about 125-150 RMB. It's a quick 10 minute ride from the hotel to the business district in Pudong, about 15 RMB. For business travel, I'd highly recommend staying here. For tourist travel, the location is not ideal as you'll need to take taxis or cabs everywhere. Also, there isn't much immediately around the hotel for a quick bite to eat or a quick mart to pick a few things up. I was upgraded but the rooms are the same on all levels as I had colleagues traveling with me and their rooms on lower levels were the same. Their breakfast is very big and diverse. Rooms come fully equipped with all your needs (safe, iron, hairdryer, etc.) and the beds are quite comfortable. The hotel front desk speaks English quite well and are very helpful, as my Mandarin needs help, so they can help you get to some of the major tourist sites by writing things in Mandarin for you.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great stay bad location	Great stay, first class all the way. Location could be better.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great rooms great service funny location	I have stayed here a couple times, and plan to come back. While it is a bit far as the crow flies from the Lujiazui central business area, the cab ride is really fast along the river. If you need to go across to Puxi, you probably want to find a place on the other side of the river. The hotel is also located at a subway stop which can access pretty much anywhere in the city within 45 minutes.The rooms are not huge, but very well executed. Cool views out over Pudong and the Yangpu bridge from upper floors. Excellent breakfast. Won't do anything for your diet, but the fresh croissants are really good. Also had a good room service dinner... Nasi Goreng. Another good food option is a small grocery in the basement of the department store next door. Fresh sushi and similar items.Concierges went above and beyond to help me with some issues (lost luggage).	
Mar 15 2008 	Excellent value in Shanghai	I travel to China very frequently, and you cannot imagine the hotel horrors I have been through. Sheraton has done a brilliant job in Shanghai. It's very good value. For the price of the usual two - three stars, you get a close to downtown location in Pudong - very important if you're travelling on business. It means staying off from the manic traffic to and fro the Puxi side, where other hotel at same price levels are usually located. The bed is excellent with plush supportive down pillows. The bathroom is large and immaculately clean. It even comes with a 'rainforest' shower.I just had a few problems during my stay there. But these are unrelated to the staff. I've found the wardrobe that opens and closes in both the bedroom and bathroom a bit werid. Same as glass pane door for my loo, and finding the bathtub inside another glass pane designed to be the shower. (The designer had too much fun with these.The bathroom is a bit overdone in my opinion.)Also, the bedside switches only control the reading lights and the lights near the door. It's a bit annoying that I have to switch off the desk lamp and the lamp next to the sofa.Other than that, the staff are friendly and smart. It was a very quick checkin. The food is nice. The staff don't expect to be tipped. (Usual when you pay, other places return your changes with loads of coins, expecting you to leave some behind. In Sheraton, they hand you all the changes in notes with both hands.)All in all, I have enjoyed my stay in Shanghai. If Sheraton can do something similar in Beijing - that would make me very happy.	
Feb 2 2008 	Great hotel I enjoyed it	This is a new hotel located in the Pudong District. There is also a Four Points Sheraton located right next door, which is somewhat confusing to taxi drivers though mine were always able to get me to the hotel from the airport or other locations. There is a subway station located in front of the hotel. I had an Executive Room and found it to be very nice, the bed was firm but not too hard, much better than most China hotel beds. There is a large flat screen TV in the room and a nice desk work area with free internet access. My room offered a view of the Huang Pu River and while not particularly scenic, it is very interesting to watch the high volume of ship traffic. The restaurant has an excellent selection for breakfast with a buffet style selection of Asian and Western foods with fruits, cereals and pastries. The dinner menu is pretty much Western food and acceptable. Lunch can be ordered ala carte or buffet and again the buffet offered an excellent selection of food. I stayed during the snow storm of January 2008 and the attendants were helpful in getting cabs and encouraged the guests to wait indoor to stay out of the cold. There is a bar area in the lobby area. My business required me to check in, leave for travel and then check in again during a 1 week period and both check ins and check outs were efficient. Because of the snow storm, I did not walk around the area but didn’t see too much of interest in the area. The room had no problem staying warm. A taxi ride to the Standard Brand Mall and Pearl Tower area is only about 10 minutes. A taxi to Pudong Airport takes around 45 minutes.	
Nov 13 2007	Good Hotel Inconvenient Location	A very nice, new hotel with a very helpful and friendly staff. It was still their &quot;soft opening&quot;, but everything seemed to be running like clockwork. I was upgraded to a suite that was really quite nice. The only downside is that the hotel is not convenient to the central Pudong area or to the Bund, etc. Also it is not well known yet to the taxi drivers. Even with hotel's card, with the name and map in Chinese, it was a crapshoot what would happen trying to get back in a taxi. One taxi driver took me a few blocks and dropped me at another taxi queue (without charge) because she didn't know where it was. The next one took me to the Hilton first (the pronunciation of Hilton to a native Chinese is apparently not far from Sheraton, interestingly). It was a hassle. The one advantage of the location is that it is closer to the airport than hotels that are more centrally located. And although the place is out of the way there was never a problem getting a taxi from the hotel.	
Jul 30 2007 	Loved it	I stayed in June 2007 over a weekend.Although the hotel is newly opened (and still has the &quot;new&quot; smell), the staff is just GREAT. Helpful, nothing is too much, they go out of their way to say &quot;Hello&quot; and assist guests with anything!Someone lost his mobile in a taxi and they didn't rest until the phone was returned!Great experience.Thomas	
Jul 16 2007 	great hotel not good location	Although this hotel is locating at Pudong area, it is a little far away from downtown pudong, around 15 mins by taxi. As a SPG plus member I was upgraded to the prefereed floor, but I didnt see any difference except the high floor. From my room I could see the beautiful skyline of pudong area, charming! The room was very clean, big and comfortable. Bathroom was big with two doors, one was opened to the corridor and another door was facing to the bed. Water pressure was ok though, the Forest Rain shower head was not as good as the one of Westin Shanghai. the only thing I didnt like was the internet was so expensive, about 7 dollar for one hour!	
Jul 7 2007 	Friendly New Hotel	Our group was booked at the Sheraton Hotel in Pudong last week since we had a regional meeting in Shanghai. Upon arrival at the hotel, I immediately noticed that this place is new and has elegant interiors. All the staff I met, from the bellhop to the front desk, were very courteous.The room I got was fairly large and with nice modern furnishings. I had a comfortable king size bed, a flat screen TV, and a big shower room and bath tub with a separate cubicle for the toilet. As mentioned in the previous post, I had no trouble sleeping because of the lovely bed and pillows plus I did not hear any noise coming from outside the room. Although there were different rates for internet access in the room, we were able to arrange with the hotel for our group to have free access to check our e-mail and browse the web.Breakfast buffet was not a problem since there were plenty of food to choose from. If you are not in a hurry, it is better to have your breakfast after 8am when there are less people in the restaurant. The place was a little packed when I had breakfast before 7am.There was one problem though that I encountered during my first night's stay. The door of my room had a defective lock since it can be opened from outside even without using a keycard. I called the front desk about this and they sent their engineering guys to fix it. After spending some time trying to do some repairs, they finally decided to replace the entire locking mechanism. The manager of the hotel sent me a fruit platter as a gesture of goodwill for the inconvenience this caused me.	
Apr 7 2007 	New hotel - still working out the kinks	Stayed here for one night in April 2007; were told at check-in that the hotel had only been open for one week. Rooms are large and comfortable, and I would recommend staying at a Sheraton hotel simply for their mattresses. They have much softer mattresses than any other hotel I've stayed at in China (most places feel like you are sleeping on a board). The sheets on our beds felt like they were brand new and never washed; they felt stiff and scratchy. There was a light in front of the door that we couldn't turn off, as it did not seem to be wired to any of the switches in the room. It was the last night of an almost 3-week long trip though, so we were too tired to be bothered by it. The pool and health club are not open yet, the minibar was not fully stocked, and they have only a limited room service menu (had to call to ask for a menu as there was not one in the room, and they made us turn it back in after we'd ordered). The location is near to attractions such as the Bund and the TV Tower (which was visible from my window), a 40 - 60 minute cab ride from the international airport, and about a 30 minute ride from the domestic airport. Staff here are all very new, and act like &quot;trainees&quot;; we were taken on a tour of our room, accompanied by two staff members when all we really wanted was a speedy check-in and some privacy. There is also still some construction work in progress on some of the guest floors. I would stay here again, but hopefully by that time they will have worked out the kinks (and washed the sheets!)	
Nov 11 2009 	???		
Oct 27 2009 	????????????		
May 5 2009 	Confort parfait mais tellement froid...		
Oct 1 2008 	Parfait pour une escale pro		
