Jul 24 2009 	Great Value Excellent Hotel	These apartments are just wonderful. The rooms we stayed in, were, I think, at the &quot;left back&quot; which had a fantastic view - the higher the floor. We stayed on 7th floor for 3 nights, then stayed in Hangzhou Hyatt regency for one night – (to see Solar Eclipse - Main reason for our trip) - and then stayed a further night on top (38th) floor....wished we had asked for a higher room for our earlier stay. We looked out towards the Oriental Pearl Tower and World Trade Centre..which we nicknamed the bottle opener....The window stretched the whole side and round the front &quot;end&quot; of the apartment, which gave a fantastic panoramic view...especially great at night.The members of staff are very courteous and efficient. Very helpful, particularly as we had problems with our credit card having been blocked by our bank after first use, (Foreign travel/Bank issues...another story). Reception staff not at all phased and very willing to find solution. Every request was met quickly and nothing seemed too much trouble...we were very jet lagged (15 hours out of sync from home) and probably seemed a bit grumpy at times...but they accommodated that.The rooms are very spacious, ours was wedge shaped, but looking at fire plan on back of room front door, there were at least 4 different types of layout. The room was very clean...I am extremely fussy about cleanliness in any type of rented accommodation, especially in kitchens and bathrooms, and to be honest I could hardly fault either...it was almost as if we were the first to use the room after a new fitting out....We had one large bedroom with comfortable king-size bed, large plasma TV (separate to living room TV), loads of cupboard space, both hanging and drawers, a safe and iron and ironing board...hidden in cupboard. The living room had a sectional sofa (chaise) (this was a bit hard and had silk throw cushions which slipped about, so a tad uncomfortable), a glass topped coffee table and matching side table (not glass), glass dinner table with two comfortable chairs, desk and chair with internet access via cable (wireless would have been preferred), large plasma TV...with connections for your own AV devices via wall sockets. All the rooms were literally packed with features and almost everything had been thought of. An extra rollaway bed was provided for us, was a bit pricey considering we had booked an advance purchase rate of 890RMB, 300RMB for an extra bed rather bumped up the price....but still very good value overall.The fully equipped kitchen has upscale fittings, including a “sensing” microwave, full oven, garbage disposal, dishwasher and large fridge with three drawer freezer. The Bathroom has a front loading washing machine and separate tumble dryer.Recommend you take with you a small supply of dishwashing liquid, dishwasher tablets and clothes washing powder/liquid. Was difficult to find in local shops and very expensive for much more than needed for a short stay. The utensils in the kitchen, including knife block, full set of pots and pans and full sets of crockery, cutlery, and glasses were of an excellent standard. You could certainly prepare and cook as if you were at home...but you need to bring/buy everything food wise like oil and condiments etc. We found a “supermarket” in the basement of the local upscale shopping mall. It had everything you could need, but I suspect as prices in China go this was the Marks and Spencer end of the market. E.g. 99RMB for a medium sized bottle of concentrated washing liquid (clothes)...about US$15....But the fruit and veg were great, and they even sold Speckled Old Hen cans of beer........The bathroom has a large bathtub, deep and long enough for a good soak, with a hand held shower attachment and also a separate glass shower cubicle. In the roomy tiled and glass doored shower cubicle the fittings to switch from overhead rain shower to hand-held were a bit tricky (because of trendy square design), but the water pressure is excellent, so a great showering experience.I see others thought breakfast only average....I found it excellent for this type of hotel, a large choice of different types of breakfast including “American” bacon and sausage, Chinese dishes, continental cheeses, cereals, fruit, juices, toast, pastries etc....The room service, however, left a bit to be desired, I suppose that because these are “serviced apartments” you cannot expect the usual room service quality. The food itself was mostly OK, however it was disappointing that it was not always as described...e.g. the torpedo steak sandwich was not the tender steak advertised in the menu, (but then again they rarely are)...however it was missing the “roasted onions”, which meant that it was lacking in taste...when I complained, instead of bringing up a small dish of onions they came and took the plate away to add them....and brought back the same meal...now cold....(lucky able to heat up in the kitchen...). Then, on another occasion when only a snack was needed, the “crispy chicken wings with hot chilli and lemon mayonnaise” were not crispy...and arrived only with tomato ketchup...which they later tried to say was “spicy ketchup”. but it was still tomayo ketchup!!!...They brought up a small dish of plain mayonnaise....hmmm...sent meal back...However they were most concerned and phoned up afterwards to check i was OK. Also there were no condiments sent, no salt and pepper and no napkins.... let alone any of the usual room service frills....The pool and Spa were too cold for me, but the steam room and sauna suite and showers in the changing area were great. (Although would have been even better if not opposite the loos). We live in Caribbean, so we are used to warm water and hot sun, lounging in the cool pool area just wasn't warm enough for me, but I am sure anyone from a temperate climate would love it. But it was a shame that at the least the Jacuzzi wasn't hot.However all in all an excellent place to say, great value and although not in the tourist area, had easy connections via Metro (short walk) to rest of Shanghai...and Taxis were easy to get to and from...DO take a label with the hotel name on in Chinese for taxi drivers...English is hardly spoken, and that includes the ability to read addresses and street names in English. Pointing at the English name of a street on a map in a guide book is no good. We took a supply of labels printed in Chinese...they proved invaluable. Cut and paste from here.....(we stuck one in the guide book).http://www.sinohotelguide.com/detail_index.php?Hotel_ID=SSGH0114&amp;City_ID=SSG&amp;City_Cname=Shang%20Hai&amp;City_Lname=shanghai Useful advice for any hotel in China	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent place	Do you want double the space for half the price ?. This is the hotel/appartment to stay. Very nice property, courteous staff, wonderful rooms with all the space you could want. The location is fine, close to the #2 line underground station which during rush hours is the preferred transportation system as taxi's will be hard to find. Some nice shopping and restaurants very close by. Both gym and swimmingpool are well equiped and very clean. The breakfast, though slightly limitted, is fine. Overall very good value and the place to stay.	
Jun 23 2009 	Very nice apartments near PuDong Times Square	This hotel is very nice, but caters to the extended stay. They really prefer to rent the rooms by the month, but will do it on a daily or weekly basis if needed.The room consisted of a kitchen, dining room, living room and large bathroom with tub and shower. There were 2 plasma TV's. The breakfast was adequate, but not as good as some of the other Western breakfasts in the area. Dinner isn't available in the hotel, although there are many nearby. The only downside for me was that the internet connection to the USA was EXTREMELY slow, and since I was using a Slingbox to the USA, this kept me from enjoying my stay and I chose to move back to the Courtyard Marriott (accommodations not as nice, but friendlier people and internet).Since internet service in Asia can be iffy at times, it might have been that they were having problems the week I was there.The room can also get very hot in the Summer, since the thermostat prevents the room from getting really cool. I understand that this is a government rule to save energy, and not necessarily a rule of the hotel.	
Feb 1 2008 	Nicest Place I've Ever Stayed	What a place! I'm rarely 'over impressed' with a hotel, but WOW! It's technically not a hotel, rather 'apartments'. Very modern and new decor (the place has only been open about a year). HUGE living room, FULL kitchen, gorgeous bathroom with a separate jacuzzi tub and stand-alone shower. The bedroom alone was the size of a standard hotel room--big comfy bed. My room was on an angle, which gave me floor-to-ceiling windows spanning the entire room with about a 180 degree view of Shanghai. Two plasma TVs (about a 32 incher in the bedroom and a 50 inch one in the living room). All rates include breakfast...A very good one by Shanghai standards. Mostly Western selections with a few Chinese ones.The staff was very good. And the location is good...A block from my company's Shanghai operations and plenty of restaurants right near the hotel.I said I could never live in Shanghai, but I take that back--I could live in Shanghai if I could call this place home. Again, THE BEST place I've ever stayed (and I stay in hotels 60-80 nights a year).	
