Nov 24 2009 	Great room Great service Great City	My wife and I stayed here for a week in May 09. I used priority club points and received a nice suite upgrade due to my status. The room was very large, modern, clean and comfortable with lounge area, large desk and very soft bed. We were welcomed with fresh fruit and bottled water was supplied for us a couple of times a day. A bit noisy with the windows open, but high up and nice view of Pudong. The bathroom was also very nice. Large, clean, nice amenities. I highly recommend the club intercontinental upgrade that gives you access to the lounge on the top floor. There is a very nice breakfast buffet and menu. It's not extensive, but refined, fresh and more than adequate. There are always drinks and snacks to be had there after shopping, sightseeing etc. It's very reserved and businesslike, but we felt comfortable even though we were dressed casually for sightseeing/shopping.The service is very good and the staff is very well-trained. A bit formal, but if it does make you uncomfortable, it's nice. Everyone smiles and asks if you need anything.Front desk, door staff, concierge were all incredibly friendly and accomodating. If you ask for directions, advice, tips on how to get somewhere, you are almost overwhelmed with friendly response, but it was all welcome and comfortable. We were in search of the best dumplings and shopping and we got all kinds of interesting suggetions and help.We ate one night in the noodle restaurant and it was very good. Don't miss the tourist tunnel under the river!!!	
Nov 20 2009 	Great service helpful sightseeing advice and fantastic facilities!	The Intercontinental was the perfect hotel for us to stay. It was our first trip to China and we found everyone welcoming, helpful and the facilities were everything that we needed.	
Nov 17 2009 	Couldn't have asked for more	My stay at the Intercontinental was sensational. I was really happy with the service as nothing was too hard for staff and they went above and beyond. Rooms were spacious, really clean and quite plush as the amenities were superb. Room service food was great as well as the restaurant food. They have a really nice bar there also that was great to have a few drinks at and i also had a spa treatment that was relaxing and had a great ambiance. The location was perfect as it was close to some great shops and easy to get to major city centers. I Couldn't have asked for a better place to stay with great rates and value for money.	
Nov 10 2009 	Perfect Pudong Hotel	This Pudong hotel offers the business traveler (and a the leisure traveler) a great hotel experience. Big rooms. Some great friendly service. Great in room dining. Good club lounge. Good gym (thank god). Great spa. Great Pudong location. Close to the metro and great surrounding shopping.The ongoing argument - Pudi vs Pudong -- While i personally prefer the Puxi side, but If you decide to stay in Pudong -- then InterCon is the place to stay.	
Nov 1 2009 	Luxurious Rooms and Excellent Service	The InterContinental Shanghai Pudong was my home away from home for 5 nights during my recent and first time visit to Shanghai. From the moment you arrive, you are greeted with a smile from the friendly doorman and bell staff and throughout our stay the hotel staff were always available to assist and provide friendly, efficient service. We hadn't researched the city before we arrived so the Concierge staff were invaluable in recommending great shopping spots, restaurants and things to see and do. We stayed in a Premier Suite which was stylish, spacious, well appointed and had the most comfortable bed i have ever experienced in a hotel. The room also included an iPod docking station which was an added bonus. We enjoyed Club Lounge access which was superb and included hot made to order breakfast and complimentary evening drinks and canapes which featured superb wines and Moet on the menu.I can't wait to go back to Shanghai, it is vibrant city and i would definitely be staying again at the InterContinental Shanghai Pudong.	
Oct 28 2009 	Comfort 	We went to Shanghai for 2 nights during our tour through China and were booked in the Interconti Shanghai. This hotel was recommended by my German colleagues and now I am sure this was the right decision. The Intercontinental Shanghai Pudong lives up to its promise and you can feel home there. Comfortable rooms, huge spa area and swimmingpool + fitness center, qualified and polite staff and the best breakfast buffet I have ever seen. We had the chance to go into the Interconti Club Lounge and all the business people seemed to be satisfied and happy to stay in there and relax as well as the other leisure travelers we met in the bars. Join it!	
Oct 27 2009 	Fantastic place to stay	My friend and i stayed at the Intercontinental Shanghai in July 2009 and our experience was fantastic. The staff were friendly and always ready to assist in any way. Our room was great, very clean, furnished modernly and tastefully and the bathroom was amazing! We found the food to be delicious and also the wait staff beyond reproach. The Intercontinental is professionally run and beautifully managed and I would definitely stay again.	
Oct 26 2009 	Fantastic service and beautiful new rooms	The staff are very friendly and helpful especially since it was the first time in Shanghai and i couldn't speak manderin. The rooms were very modern as the hotel had been newly renovated. The hotel is in a good location as it is close to the mall and is short walk from the train station which makes it easier to get around. There is also a spa treatment place there which well worth a visit after a long day of walking around sight seeing. I will definitely stay there again.A++++	
Oct 26 2009 	Perfect hotel for the Business Traveller	This hotel has excellent service and the management are eager to understand the needs of their clientelle in order to service their needs. The rooms are very clean,comfortable modern and spacious .The layout is excellent. The buffet is good value and the concierge and staff are eager to please.	
Oct 26 2009 	This Hotel is a must stay	The hotel has just had a refurbishment and the rooms are fantastic, great decor. It makes you feel your in a house not a Hotel room.The staff at this hotel are amazing, from the moment you are greated at the front door, all the way thru to check out.This is the first time I have felt enthused to write a review, I have stayed at quite a few hotels varying in quality and this hotel would be one of the best I have seen.	
Oct 6 2009 	A Great Hotel	We stayed there for 6 nights. The rooms are large &amp; well furnished. Breakfast is fabuluous. Staff were extremely helpful &amp; friendly to us. It is a very professionally run hotel, we could not fault it.	
Sep 18 2009 	Good hotel if the Pudong side of the Bund is good for you.	Spacious lobby, great breakfast buffet, nice Club lounge, good and caring staff.The IC Pudong is a modern hotel with all amenities. The IC Club offered a good selection of drinks and finger foods. Again, service was top notch.Bartender Jeffrey downstairs at the ibar knows his drinks, however the band palying this month is less than desireable.Rooms were spaceous, clean and modern (Club level). A good choice in Pudong.	
Aug 1 2009 	Nice hotel for the price	So this hotel is located in the Pudong district which is on the other side of the river from the main downtown area. It is close walking distance to the subways to get over to the main district. There are also attractions on this side such as the Oriental Pearl TV Tower......awesome. As for the hotel, the rooms were very nice and quiet. Pillows were very nice too. The restaurants were OK although a bit pricey which I guess is to be expected for a 5 star hotel. Anyways, I would stay here again and enjoyed the stay.	
Jul 14 2009 	OK but...	Well, the facade is nice, the location spot on. (although you will still need a taxi everywhere). The staff are extremely helpful, and the decor is attractive. The bar is comforting, with pool table, and one night, they had a covers band playing to a very high standard. Be warned, the prices are expensive!The food was amazing - I went back for more each time.The rooms however, are a disappointment. The plug on my bath came out, and the workmanship of the bath left a lot to be desired.Having said that, the hotel overall was outstanding.	
Jun 18 2009 	Business hotel on a luxury side.	We chose this hotel to be in a more quiet Pudong area in our last two days in Shanghai. It was additional US$100 a night to upgrade to the club level, but definitely well worth it. The club level upgrade included a renovated room, an afternoon tea (the desserts there are to die for!), free drinks on the club level for happy hour and buffet breakfast. That was the best buffet breakfast I have ever had in my life! The renovated rooms are very nice with good entertainment system, spacious bathroom and big windows. We really enjoyed the room!The concierge guy was very helpful. He got us tickets to Era circus and also provided us with all maps and directions to various locations.The rest of the staff was very cold. Since this is a business hotel (and you will feel a bit out of place as a tourist there), they have more reserved way of communicating. Not friendly at all.There is really not too much to do around the hotel. However, the subway is close by. We found a good restaurant in a mall across the road (not sure what’s the name of the mall, but it has all major brand names such as H&amp;M etc) The restaurant is on the third floor – you have to take the elevator – and is called South Memory (very trendy and the food is very good and reasonably priced).	
Jun 17 2009 	love your new rooms	this is my second visit to this hotel and wow the new rooms are amazing. I paid the same rate as last year but for a better room! Club lounge service is very personalized, especially the butler service when you stay in the cliub lounge room. Silar the club lounge butler helped me whenever I needed him. The food in the Club lounge is also a very high quality and they dont go tight on the food and drinks like other 5 star hotels I have stayed at. I will come back, new rooms are large, clean and love the plasmas. Only thing they need to work on, and I told them, is working better with the local drivers to increase their understanding of English.	
Jun 17 2009 	Good choice	Hotel is good, american style top 4 star..not a 5 star but close. gym is good enough with lots of treadmills. lots of shopping and eating all around the hotel. but remember the hotel is in pudong which is the newer business part of shanghai so you need to take a cab across the river to get to the more touristy older parts like the French Concession (great pedestrian area with excellent restauarants). That being said, cabs in China are dirt cheap (go for the green, white or yellow coloured cabs, stay away from red ones and other ones as much more expensive...ie $10 instead of $6 sorta amount). The breakfast buffet here is the best I've ever had....way better than anyone I've been to in Vegas. Fantastic...love dumplings in the morning.	
Jun 10 2009 	Consistant hospitality	This was the third time I stayed at this hotel. Right from the reception to concieage it was very pleasant experience. Hotel is conveniently located and the suite I stayed was qute good. Being Indian I only used their resturent for breakfast and the near by &quot;India Kitchen&quot; for other meals.	
May 26 2009 	Shop Around - Probably Better Values in this Area	I have been traveling to China twice a year for the last 5 years, and have stayed in many different hotels in the Shanghai area. This was my first time at this particular property, and absolutely plan to shop around before staying here again. The hotel lobby was nice, but had a strong/stale cigarette odor. While checking in, the front desk seemed more interested in up-selling rooms and services, than making me feel welcome. Finally after not understanding all the option, I ask simply for the lowest cost option available. My room was on the 20th floor and was really small and the décor dated. The carpets were stained, and the bathroom was only equipped with the basic essentials. The cab from the airport took about 45 minutes and cost 140 Yuan, without traffic. With traffic, I’ve heard the time can double. I had to try for over 20 minutes to place an order for room service (either they were understaffed, or just really busy when I called). Overall, not my best hotel experience in China.	
Apr 9 2009	Excellent hotel friendly staff great beds and food	I recently stayed at this hotel and was very pleased We had a lovely room and the breakfasts and buffet dinners were the best we experienced in four cities in China Overall we had a great holiday to a fascinating country	
Apr 5 2009 	A great place to stay..	First class service, great rooms, fantastic food and very friendly staff.	
Mar 1 2009 	Very good option in Shangai	I stayed in Intercontinental Pudong more than 10 times already. It is not the prettiest or newest hotel in Shanghai but very convenient. The staff is professional, the location is good, rooms are sufficient, Room-Service and Breakfast Buffet is very good. Great business hotel.	
Jan 29 2009 	WOW My re-visit was perfect.	This is my umpteenth stay at the IC in Pudong, and this time they got it perfect. My last visit was over 9 months ago, and have things ever changed.My unpronouncable last (family) name was said correctly the first time at check in. My upgrade was configured the way I liked it with twin beds in a normally king-size-bed room. The assistant manager came out to greet me, as he remembered me from my critical comments to him last time. And on and on and on. I have reviewed this hotel going back three years, and I have had plenty of near-miss stays before. The carpets and TVs are new, and I was told they are still going to renovate this room once more very shortly. It was fine as is, but the modern design of the new club rooms will go throughout the hotel, see another reviews on those. The front desk was cordial every time, every workshift.. Shanghai's finest breakfast buffet retained the honor easily with the copious variety of western, Chinese, Japanese and just plain fabulous international dishes. I especially like the freshly pressed watermelon juice mixed with freshly squeezed orange juice. You get the idea. The room features what appear at first to be soft beds, but then again they provided the right amount of support. The furnishings, amenities and little things were all there. The place was spotless, including the new carpeting. No hint of smoking, either, another great bonus for a Chinese hotel.The only area for improvement is a common one in 99% of hotels. The reading lights next to the bed are a bit dim. I actually brought my own 20-watt, 220-volt flourescent bulb, so I did not have to ask for higher wattage. (This was a longer China stay at several hotels, so my $5 investment pays off.) And a word about the taxis who are stationed there. They are of the highest quality. But do not be confused with those who drive up to let off passengers and then pick up hotel guests. You might not get the same honest quality drivers you get from the taxi stand at the hotel. So ask the doorman for one of the hotel's taxis, not a drive-up, drop-off one. They cost the same as all taxis, by the meter.No doubt about it this time. The IC team made the effort and it shows.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Hotel	Great hotel. Nice new renovated room. breakfast, staff	
Jul 14 2008 	the first also the last time we will visit this property- 1 start rating at most	My husband and I booked the hotel via intercontinental.com online @ the last minutes, just 24 hours before the trip - being the ambassador member of the hotel chain- and esp after a fabulous stay at intercontinental Beijing (finance street) - it should be safe to stay with the same hotel chain. The experience turned out to be disastrous - we arrived at nearly mid-night due to 3 hours flight delay - needless to say a warm welcome from staff - the front desk was rude, and ignorant - as if they only wish we go away as soon as possible - needless to mention any start hotel staff should bear, the basis coourtesy and knowledge. The hotel hallway was ingeneral hot (due to renovation somehow, with bad smell and poor ventilation - the whole facility was poorly maintened. Needless mentioning of the room, it smells stale and dusty. worst than a one star hotel. Next morning we tried the complimentary breafast-as it's included in the package, the onlything we noticed, was poorly managed staff and facilaty - with all the disappointments, we decided to check out a day ealier - and moved to much cleaner and friendlier St Regis Shanghai with 24hr butler service to each room- we were at last satisfied, at ease with our choice.	
Apr 24 2008 	Intercontinental Old Elegance	I've stayed at the Intercontinental Shanghai Pudong many times. This was the first time I have stayed there in a few years, so I wasn't sure what to expect. But it is the same ol' Intercontinental.The check-in was swift and efficient. We upgraded to Club Rooms for a little more in price. this gave us free internet access (normally US$30 per day) and free breakfast and happy hour snacks and drinks on the top floor.The rooms were nice--not overwhelming, but spacious and comfortable. The large desk was welcome and the bathroom was spacious, as always. It was a little difficult to get the room to the correct temperature, though. It was either too hot or too cold. That is a common occurrence and I didn't find it overly annoying. The people were always gracious and willing to help out. I remembered to tip the housekeeping staff every day. They really do an excellent job. Outside of the hotel on the final day, I ran into Ken, a former doorman at the Hotel. He remembered me from years ago and inquired about my co-workers with a memory that astounded me. He now works in kitchen sales at the Intercontinental, but still took time to greet me as if I was the most treasured guest. Breakfast upstairs is great. You have a small buffet and a set menu you cna order from. I enjoyed the fresh grapefruit juice every morning. One morning, they didn't have grapefruit juice, but I was told when I arrived that they were busy squeezing me a glass in the kitchen because they knew how much I enjoyed it. The buffet in the regular dining room is wonderful. We ate there for dinner twice and found it to be everythign you could wish for in a meal. The people are gracious and please note that the servers will let you keep the table as long as you want without bringing you a bill. They will bring it when asked, but they don't want to rush you.On my last evening at the Hotel, I received a 300RMB coupon for the spa. Ah-ha! They didn't realize I had a late flight the next day, so I used it for 300RMB off of a 350RMB foot massage. Great spa. Very calming. They also had a special for the Club rooms where you could buy one treatment and get a second 1/2 off. I didn't know about this until I entered the spa, though, so I didn't take advantage of it. I usually get my Chinese massages at blindman massage--cheaper ($21 for 3 hours) and more therapeutic (less like a spa, more like a health clinic). But the I-Spa is very nice for a spa experience in Shanghai. All in all, my stay at the Intercontinental was wonderful. I'd go again. And again. And again....	
Apr 8 2008 	great place to stay across the river from the bund	we stayed here for business for almost two weeks. should have spent the extra to upgrade. the room was very nice (other then draft from stairwell door they kept leaving open that was right next to our door- made the room rather chilly). the resturant had everything you would have wanted - the pastry counter did leave something to be desired, we americans do like our sugar :)great staffnew spa	
Dec 16 2007 	Losing its top rating	Have stayed here about three times a year since it opened. This most recent stay was a disappointment. The hotel lost power three nights in a row in the middle of the night. Coming from the US, you are awake in the middle of the night so quickly looked outside to see if it was just the hotel or more. It was just the hotel. On the third night, there was a letter on the night table to say that power would be off for half an hour. Supposedly there is a back up generator but it didn't kick in so the halls, everything was very dark. The breakfast buffet is still great but we had to ask for our coffee more than once and waiters seem to care less than in the past. Maybe it is a training issue due to turnover from people going to better hotels. Other food order for dinner was good as well but service was less than in the past. Also, there was mildew in the tile in the shower that has started to smell bad. These are things that can be fixed but need attention quickly. We are considering other options for future stays. The location is great for tunnel access to the Puxi side but the issues need to get addressed.	
Sep 4 2007 	Pretty Good Hotel	I've visited the hotel several times, mostly for the wonderful buffet dinner at the hotel...It is amazing, perhaps the only good food I find in China in my 3 trips there annually. Finally found a decent rate there (It was about RMB1000/night versus the usual RMB1500 that I usually see). The room was clean, bathroom was spacious...But the decor seemed a little dated. I paid an extra RMB400/night for the club level which got breakfast, afternoon tea (which I never did partake in), and evening cocktails with hot appetizers--which became my dinner nightly--the food was more than sufficient for a meal. The service at the hotel is top-notch, friendly from the bellhops to the maids, and the Club Level attendants are not stingy with the drinks...Good selection of booze, beer and wine. Definitely worth RMB1400 a night for my all-meal option, but wouldn't have paid more. I will stay here again.	
May 31 2007 	Beg to differ	I'm not sure why but my experience differed greatly from those below.I certainly didn't get the English speaking taxi service and on 3 different occaisions had to call the hotel whilst driving around Shanghai in circles to get the receptionist to explain to the driver and as for the concierge calling us by name, mmmm, not me. I actually found the staff quite sullen and this Hotel could learn a few things from its smaller sister in Beijing, The Holiday Inn Central, a brilliant Hotel where I was treated like a princess and felt as though I had come home. The Buffet was great and thier new Guest Relations manager was too, he , in my opinion, has a job on his hands.	
May 17 2007 	No Complaints in Pudong	Stayed for seven days. We upgraded to the club level to have access to meeting rooms and free breakfast and happy hour (only 200 RMB upcharge per night). Being a group of six with reports to write every night -- we enjoyed the happy hour and tasty treats (on two nights, this constituted dinner), supported by a wireless connection. Room was nice sized, bath was too. It was quiet and bed was comfortable.Breakfast on the club level required sharp sight. The various offerings were often in nice glassware on the shelves -- my blurry eyes missed much of it on day 1. You can order a hot breakfast (again, I missed this on day 1 -- I joined a colleague on day 2 and out came a fresh waffle!). Happy hour (5:30 to 8:00) included some very nice offerings and they kept bringing out new treats. The restaurant lunch was good, a bit pricy. Dinner had the choice of a nice buffet (good value) or an ala carte menu. No one was dissatisfied with their meals -- no one really raved about them either. (Dinner one night, lunch twice.)The iBar in the lobby had a live band. There was a regular group of three women who went to tables where men were sitting alone or in small groups .... Our table was never approached, but that could be because I was there (female).	
Dec 25 2006 	Excellent Concierge	Stayed on the Club floor and was upgraded to a suite which was enormous. The Concierge Desk at this hotel is very well organised, and friendly.I would stay here again.	
Jan 19 2006	The best Banana Bread in the world!	This may be a strange review but I must mention the fact that this hotel has the most amazing Banana Bread I have ever tasted. It can be purchased from their restaurant on the ground level. You must try it even if you don't stay at the hotel. Trust me, it's so good.	
Jul 27 2005 	Great hotel but shows its age	Stayed here 3 times during the past year, once for two weeks. Good points: beautiful lobby and atrium with glass elevators, live classical music, and an air of elegance. Highly competent, professional staff are friendly, helpful, and work hard to make your stay memorable. Spectacular breakfast buffet has almost every item imaginable, all of uniformly excellent quality. I haven't seen a more impressive spread in all my extensive travels through Asia. Well-equipped gym and pool are open 24 hours (great for jet lag, when you wake up at 3:00 A.M. and can't get back to sleep). Great location, just 5 minutes from the subway and huge department store. Weak points: Rooms are spacious but fixtures and furnishings are tired and need replacement. Stayed twice in an executive suite, which was huge. Regular rooms are very average, with aging bath fixtures and worn carpet - definitely not up to 5 star standards.	
Nov 25 2009 	???????????		
Oct 28 2009 	Goed maar niet goedkoop...		
Oct 20 2009 	??????????		
Oct 19 2009 	???????		
Sep 29 2009 	????????????		
Sep 26 2009 	???????		
Aug 15 2009 	??????????		
Mar 31 2009 	????		
Mar 15 2009 	???????		
Feb 26 2009 	??????????????????		
Feb 18 2009 	??????????????		
Feb 15 2009 	??????		
Jan 28 2009 	???????????		
Sep 26 2008 	???????		
Sep 3 2008 	MODERN IN CHINA		
