Sep 9 2009 	You can find something better	Our room was pretty old but clean. On arrival we were upgraded to a big suite, which was a nice surprise, still they should refurnish the rooms.Breakfast was ok, nothing special though. The staff were not very friendly or helpful, a mix of not understanding and not caring.The hotel is far from everything, but a taxi ride to The Bund costs only about 25RMB, very cheap.I think you can find a better hotel for the same price.	
Jun 26 2009 	Overall a very good experience	I stayed here on a freind's recommendation that this was closer to the &quot;real Shanghai&quot;. I was not disappointed. The rooms were very nice - not 5* - but 4*+. Breakfast buffet was very, very good as well as the coffee served during breakfast time.The hotel is about 400M from the Metro so it was fairly convenient. If you feel like taking a stroll, the #3 line is about 1KM away. Best of all, the staff was very accomodating and they do speak english and they are very helpful.All in all, a very good stay.	
Aug 24 2008 	Comfortable Hotel but Business not Tourist Location	If you want a hotel that is near a motorway then this is a good one for you. Actually it is situated vitually underneathe the intersection of two main Highways in the North WEst of the City. Location wise it suits the businessman but really inconvenient for the traveller. Fortunately the Travel Co I was travelling with provided transport to downtown - fortunate as this hotel is nowhere near a subway station or anything of interest whatsoever.Taxis are very cheap still in China so it is not a disaster.Bar in the lobby is souless - but the rooms are spacious, clean and the bathrooms are very big. Buffet breakfast provides western and oriental cuisine and is fine.	
Jun 15 2008	Location could be a problem	I can rate this hotel as above average for me, because at the end of all day touring I had no desire to go out at night. I did have a look around and there is nothing to do in the vicinity. No bars, clubs shops or restaurants.The modern hotel did provide good facilities with food and service being of a high standard.	
Aug 24 2007 	Management problems	The hotels name is now Shanghai Lansheng Hotel, does not carry anymore SAS Radisson in its name.The rooms are spacious, clean and well acceptable. It is however very evident that the hotel is facing a range of management problems. Facilities which the hotel may have had in the past like KTV, disco are closed. The bar most time closed, when I looked into it it was always empty.The hotel is suffering unfriendly male pe3rsonnel presenting some attitude like not having to serve Non-Chinese guest. The only highlight some friendly female trainees which better than all the other hotel staff.During 2 months of stay I noted frequent interruptions of the supply of water to the guest rooms due to maintenance. On some occasions these interruptions exceeded the time as indicated on the hotel TV channel.Negative also the location, no real attractions in the vicinity of the hotel.Considering the 4 stars and it’s 4 star price, Shanghai certainly to provide better options. Acceptable only at a discounted low rate.	
Jul 11 2006	Bad location	We stayed in Shanghai for 4 nights in June 2006 at this hotel. Out tour operator Kuoni offered 2 hotels in Shanghai - this one and the Shrangri La (which was very expensive). We had concerns about the location before we left and were proved correct. There is absolutely nothing around the hotel. You have to get a taxi wherever you go and need to avoid doing this in rush hour as it takes longer. The taxis were cheap but when we tried to get a taxi from the New World to the hotel at night some of the taxi drivers did not know where the hotel was and did not take us. On one occasion, we had to direct the taxi driver to our hotel - not easy when he did not speak english.The breakfast was average, although the rooms were a good size. The view from the hotel room was uninspiring - a concrete jungle. Having been there, I think it would be better to stay at Howard Johnson or Ramada. We did ask our travel company for an alternative, but they were unable to offer this to us.	
May 3 2006	Great Hotel would go back again and again!	I loved this hotel, the rooms were big, clean and nicely decorated, we had a king size bed, huge bathroom with seperate shower and bath, breakfast was lovely, there were some works going on outside of the hotel but didn't effect our stay, good location 5 star!	
Nov 9 2005 	stay away travellers beware	this hotel was the worst experience of my life all the rooms smelt mouldy and they even had a dehumidifier in the middle of the lounge area i wouldnt recommend it to my worst ememy	
Oct 22 2004	Stay somewhere else	We stayed here May 2004 for over a week and were disappointed. Rooms: The rooms were badly in need of a remodel. The carpet was faded and stained. The bathroom wasn't cleaned well. The bedding was old and dingy. The room and entire floor reeked of smoke even though it was a nonsmoking room. The view was interesting, especially in the morning when the bicycle traffic comes by. The breakfast served was good, though the same every day which gets boring.Location: This hotel is far from nearly everything. You will have to take a taxi everywhere you go. It was about 20 or 30 minutes to get downtown to all of the main sites. Fortunately that taxi ride was often only $5. Overall, there are many other nicer hotels in better locations. I would not stay here again.	
Nov 17 2009	?????		
Sep 21 2009 	??????????		
Mar 29 2009 	?????		
Mar 1 2009 	??????		
Sep 11 2007 	Solides Hotel Lage 		
