Nov 25 2009 	Next door to railway station	Just next door to railway station, I checked out 30 minutes before train departed, nice room and service, food is average, good value in the center of Shanghai.	
Nov 16 2009 	Excellent location	I have stayed at Yafan longmen hotel Shanghai a couple of times on business trips and while it is a typical hotel the staffs are very helpful .The real benefit of this hotel is its close proximity to the railway. When I came back from one long train journey it was nice to just walk across the square to get to the hotel. Rooms are reasonably priced and they have Internet connection, The restaurant is ok but fairly standard.	
Jul 24 2009 	Pleasant rooms good location but sex massage?!	I traveled to Shanghai with a handful of students. Most of our trip was spent in housing, but our final night was spent at the Longmen. We had a pleasant experience. The location is good, as it is a 3-5 minute walk to the train, making downtown an easy 10 minute ride away.The rooms must have recently been redone, as I found the fixtures and furnishings in great condition. A great room for a mid-range hotel. The heating also worked well, an important thing to note in Shanghai, where the weather and the reliability of heating systems can be unpredictable.The one thing that bothered me most was my interaction with the host at the spa (located on the upper ground level). I was sick during the trip, and thought a massage would do the trick. The rates were somewhat expensive for Asia, but I was floored when he said, &quot;sex massage only $XX.&quot; (I don't remember how much). I had to ask him to repeat it a few times, as I could not believe that I was being offered sex at the Best Western! All I kept thinking was what if a student had gone down!!!Anyway, the only other criticism I have is that the restaurant where the breakfast is held is really in need of refurbishing. Perhaps that is next on the list. Otherwise, a pleasant and positive experience.	
May 13 2009 	Close to train	Nice Hotel, 4 stars are the right. There are masterpieces of carved wood.&quot;Bussines center&quot; with poor English and to expensive Internet connection. Wireless not working.The hotel is next to the train station, not far from the bus station, however 30-40min to the center with the taxi.	
Aug 11 2008 	No longer Best Western but still OK.	This hotel ceased to be affiliated with the Best Western brand as of May 2008, but it remains a very useful &amp; comfortable place stay in Shanghai, especially for anyone needing/wanting a hotel very close to the main railway station (which is just a few minutes walk away - see pictures).	
Aug 2 2008 	Good Hotel Location just ok	Surprisingly nice for a Best Western.Location is not ideal, it is next to the train station, which means taking taxi’s to get anywhere. Unlike Beijing or Xi’an, there is no taxi queue in front of the hotel. Flagging a taxi was mixed bag. The taxi’s at the adjacent train station were not interested in short runs. And there was no one at the hotel to help get a taxi either. Rooms were decent size, clean and well stocked. The king bedded rooms at the end of the halls were downright huge. No issues with service, everyone was pleasant and friendly. There was a small mix up when they reassigned one of our rooms to someone else, but that was solved almost immediately.Breakfast was actually quite good. Nice spread with lots of choices, the coffee was hot and refills were quick.Not a bad hotel at all, but the location is against it. Shanghai cabs can be a pain, and being dependent on cabs was not ideal. I prefer a hotel that has interesting stuff in walking range, and there are plenty of these in Shanghai	
Jun 21 2008 	Excellent hotel though a bit out of the way	Got a very reasonable rate on this 3-4 star (by US standards) hotel. The rooms were immaculate, the staff was very helpful with english speaking help readily available. The breakfast was a little over-priced by Chinese standards but very good with lots of options. It is located in the everbright neighborhood near a shopping area, some fast food joints, and plenty of little shops where you can buy water, snacks, and extra luggage (if you're about to fly back and need more room for souvenirs).The only real negative about the hotel is that during rush hour, getting to many of the popular tourist attractions (the bund, french concession, nanjing street, etc) is a good 30-40minute taxi drive (still a cheap ride ... $3-4USD). Outside of rush hour, it was only ~10-15minutes. So if you're the type that likes to stop back at your hotel intermittently, then this is probably not the place for you. If like us, you only stop back perhaps once during the day and then crash in your room at the end of the night, this was a very reasonably priced (&lt;$70) place thats not too far. If this place was on the bund, the rooms would easily be running for $150+.The 2 complimentary waters daily were nice as well.	
Nov 21 2007 	Average; location ok; not the greatest hotel	Hotel is newly built, so the rooms are clean, nice, and decent. However, the location is not ideal--while it is within walking distance to the train station and metro, etc, it is not convenient to find nice dining options or a general store nearby. The free breakfast is just ok. Stick with the plain porridge to be safe. The attempts at pastries should be complimented (they try), but better just to serve toast than concoctions. Staff is hit-and-miss, sometimes friendly and helpful, at other times they ignore you.	
Mar 18 2009 	??????????????????		
Aug 23 2008 	?????????????		
