Nov 24 2009 	The Stall of the Golf Course very rude but this is the main reason to stay there.	I am going to bullet my experience:- location is an hour plus from Shanghai downtown, one way by hotel shuttle, fees- Western restaurant on location, the western food not so good, wine selection limited.- Chinese restaurant on location, Dynasty is more like cafeteria style (food is so so), Zen Den Herbal Restaurant food is good and staffs are friendly, some authentic dishes I enjoyed. The other Chinese restaurants are consolidated to Zen Den. Korean restaurant have not tried.- Spa is clean, staffs are friendly. - Golf, I did not play because I was turned off by the staff while checking out the golf course.- The other facilities ( go kart, archery, ping pong, pool) are just average at most.- Craft studio is closed,- From location you can hire a car and driver to take you to Suzhou City, Hangzhou City, Zhouzhuang, Da Guan Yuan Garden, Zhujiajiao, Shesshan. Beware time of travel takes longer than estimate due to weather and traffic congestion. The further the destination, allow more time than estimated. The drivers are very friendly but with limited English skill. Make sure to wear the seat belt as the drive by ifself is an experience.- The staffs have limited speaking skill.B.Fu, California	
Oct 24 2008 	Loved Sun Island	My husband and I traded our Tahoe Time Share for a week at the Sun Island International Resort [-]. This is located about 45 minutes west of Shanghai on an island in the River Mao. The resort occupies most of the island and includes 2 extremely nice golf courses, a spa, several restaurants, a horse riding ring, an outdoor pool/slide area (closed fall/winter), a Go-cart track and many other “activity” venues. Bicycle rental is on the island within the resort and shuttles instantaneously appear at your door whenever you want to go from one part of the resort to another. Note though – activities are seasonal and if you want a FULL experience (wave pools, etc) go in the summer.The resort was very, very nice, well kept, clean, and a wonderful place to stay. The grounds and gardens are spectacular and they have an army of gardeners to keep it so. We were there in October 2008 during National Day holidays. When we arrived, the resort (which is generally frequented by Chinese families), was empty. On National Day and through the weekend, it was full. Trading a time-share is particularly good, because Interval International (the organization one trades timeshares through) provides you with a “Guide” who takes care of any arrangements you may need or want. Our guide was a wonderful young woman named Elaine and we relied on her a great deal to arrange trips into Shanghai, getting back to the airport, etc. We had difficulty arranging things at first because the website was in the process of being rebuilt and was not accessible in English so we weren’t sure how to get there from the airport. We finally called the resort and they arranged a driver to pick us up at the PuDong airport (and hour and a half drive from the resort). Mr. Su was at the airport when we arrived and took us to the resort for a flat fee of $335 RMB and all was well. There seem to be a number of “business” meetings and often the restaurants had business groups. However, it was never over-crowded and we were always able to get a table. There are several restaurants at the resort so there is a wide variety of choices for meals. There is even a “western” restaurant where an incredible breakfast buffet is served that includes made-to-order omelets and a number of Chinese and western dishes. Restaurant will also deliver to your lodging (we even did that one night). The accommodations were great – we had a 2 bedroom, 2 bath chalet type of lodging. Many lodgings are stand-alone. It sort of has a “Tudor England” style to it. Our unit had 2 stories with a living room, kitchen, bath and bedroom downstairs and a bath/bedroom upstairs. I can’t say enough for the service, cleaning, maintenance, and shuttle. It was all really well done and reliable. The pictures on their website are recent and shows how it really looks including the furnishings, etc.Getting to Shanghai from the resort involved buying a ticket on the shuttle which is scheduled to go at 9AM and return at 9PM and costs 50RMB per person. If you (or your group) are the only people going to Shanghai, you can and go/return any time you’d like (minimum charge is for 3 people). We did that 3 days and spent the days wandering through different sections of Shanghai. It was really convenient and the drive into Shanghai city center is only about 45 minutes (traffic included). Would we recommend Sun Island? Absolutely. Especially if you are a golfer or a Spa fan.	
Jun 16 2008 	Excellent	We have just returned from a week at the Shanghai Sunisland Golf Club Resort. The resort is excellent. When we reach there, we were picked up by the hotel mini van which we book earliers. The drive from Pudong Int'n Airport to Sunisland is 1hr 45 mins. We reach the resort around 9.pm and was greeted by Joyce, whom is allocated to us to attend to our needs. The check in took only 15 mins. She bring us to our chalet and the chalet is wonderful. The resort has a horse range, go-kart, spa, golf and swimming pool. All these you have to pay in order to enjoy the facilities. The weather in Shanghai at the time is ending of spring. So, is a bit cooling. As the resort is located outskirt which is near Zhang Jia Jiou, the air in the morning is so refreshing. Our resort is full of beautiful flowers and trees. All the chalet are name according to the trees and flowers that are grown around that areas. The resort come with 4 restaurants ie Korean restaurant, Chinese Restaurant, the one allocate in the main lobby and last one is the Szechuan Restaurant. The restaurant that we been to is mostly the Chinese Restaurant whereby the food is pretty good and reasonable.As for the pool, I have no comments because unable to use it because it is closed and only opened in 6/6/2008. As for the horse ride and the go-kart, both of my sons love it. Both of my sons is between the age of 13 and 6.The place that I stay is near Zhang Jia Jiou and surrounding this area there is a beautiful sight seeing place where the Mission Impossible Three has been filmed. The scenery there is beautiful. That is the place whereby we bought a lot of paintings and sourvenirs. A word of advise, must bargain.The service provided is excellent. There is one time where our burner has some short circute and we ask for room service and within 10 mins the technician came. Talking about fast service.In the resort, they also provide shuttle bas to drive you to any destination inside the resort. You only need to give room service a call.Overall I would say this is a good resort and the service is excellent.The only down part is very far from Shanghai town.	
Oct 13 2009 	Shanghai Sun Island int'l club est un excellent resort		
