	Best View of Pudong and Bund	This is my first review, however, i consider myself to be a traveler. I have stayed in the hotel several times, 3 times to be exact. Many of the reviews are inline with my my views. LOBBYThe lobby is spacious and open. But because the function rooms are on the same floor, it can get busy but not crowded when there is an event, as it is in the back of the lobby. VIEW / BUND SUITEThe view is fantastic, only if you get a room with a riverview, however, due to the shape and design of the building, it can be tricky to get a view. The best view is reserved for Bund suite, and floors higher than 12th. The bund suite provides you with a 180 degree panoramic views, providing you with views of Pudong and the Bund. The layout is very nice and trendy, High tech, and very comfortable beds. Everything about the Bund Suite says, dont leave the room. OTHER ROOMSHowever the other rooms have less view. its either city view, or Bund view. If your room happens to be close the elevators, then your view is restricted. If your room is closer to the bund suite (and on the eastern tower) you will be able to getter a much better view (make sure its a riverview room). However, once in the room, and not taking the view in your criteria, the rooms are very nice, relaxing and comfortable. Try to get rooms from the 16th floors and above.If you get a club room, i wouldnt bother with the breakfast in the club lounge, go the restaurant on the western tower-level 2. I must say it has one of the best breakfast buffets but the lunch and dinner can do with more improvement, however, its still better than most 5 star hotels lunch/dinner buffets out there. The Restaurant on the second to last floor on western tower, is extremely over-priced, while the food is good, i wouldnt say its value for money. The Chinese restaurant on the lobby floor is nice, but slightly over-priced.Top floor (western tower) Terrace: That is a must see feature, whether you stay at the hotel or not. bring your camera, and shoot away at night. However, I recommend you make a reservation, even if its for 30 mins or less. The staff at the terrace bar, can be non-accommodating and say its reserved. waited before for 30 mins, and still no customers came. I just wanted to take pictures. Btw, shanghai lights are dimmed or turned of at 10pm, so if you want amazing pictures of the lights of shanghai, go beforeSTAFFDuring my 3 stays, i havent found any fault with any staff member, from the front desk to the housekeeping, however, the concierge, while the provide detailed information, never seem to have a smile on their face. but overall, not much complaints in that area either. OUTSIDEYes, currently there is a lot of construction around the hotel. However, anywhere on the bund has construction! until the World expo begins in May 2010, shanghai is a construction site, not just next to the hotel.	
Nov 14 2009 	Fantastic view	The room was large with a small seating area (two small armchairs with footrests) and a fantastic view over looking the Bund and Pudong. It was fun watching the boats drift by on the river. At night all the buildings are lit up which is fun and you get a wonderful view from the rooftop bar. The bed wasn't too bad or maybe I had acclimatised to hard beds after nearly three weeks in China. However they had the hardest pillows of the entire trip! I found the light switches bewildering. I was unable to turn the lights on in the bathroom or loo on the first night. The light switches are on almost every wall and what makes it even more difficult is that you have to press them in a certain way for them to turn on. So no wonder it is so hard to find the right one. The loo blocked on the first night but it was fixed the following day and thereafter worked fine. There was no shaving/vanity mirror and the sink was a little small with the tap slightly too close to the bottom of the sink but that's just the modern style. There was a nice big flat screen TV and a DVD player which played region 2 DVDs (Europe) which was very nice as well as an MP3 player. Typically internet access in their business centre was NOT free which is surprising given the cost of the room but seems standard in China. Also, breakfast, although extensive and very good was an eye watering twenty two pounds per person! For that there was lots of fruit, waffles, croissants, pastries, freshly cooked eggs as well as Chinese food.Reception was efficient and courteous and for once I was greated politely (unlike other places in my trip) and the room reservation was confirmed. I was not disturbed by the building noise going as a result of Expo 2010 and I was only on 10th floor.	
Nov 1 2009 	Best view in town	The riverside of the Bund is in complete construction and won't be ready until the World Expo 2010. Unless you are willing to walk through the construction, you may want to wait until then to choose this hotel. However, the river view rooms offer the best views of the Huang Pu with its constant and fascinating traffic. The rooms are spacious and modern and the service excellent.	
Oct 30 2009 	Love this hotel although Expo construction sometimes a pain	I'm a very frequent traveller to Shanghai and typically stay at the Hyatt on the Bund. Have also stayed multiple times at Grand Hyatt, Westin on Bund, Pudong Shangri-La all of which are also lovely in their own way. I stay here because of the combo of Club lounge, service, views, proximity to Bund, and gym. The club lounge serves a nice breakfast with eggs to order and the evening cocktail hours is also nicely done. I also use the meeting rooms frequently and found them to also be first rate. The gym is quite large for a hotel and is rarely used by guests (not sure why). Pool also large for a hotel. The regular rooms are nice, clean, well furnished and very pleasing to the eye as well as functional for business needs. Love the teas that are in the room and always bring them home for my wife.When I travel to Shanghai with my wife I typically try to upgrade to a Bund River Suite which is AMAZING. Wall of windows onto the river, telescope, comfy chairs, bathroom and dressing area the size of a studio apartment, bar area, etc. The only con is the construction going on in the vicinity. This is somewhat impossible to predict visit to visit although I typically always leave additional time when going somewhere in Shanghai as traffic going anywhere is impossible to predict. The bar on the top floor also has amazing views and believe it or not, an outdoor hot tub surrounded by lounge area. I will have to try this sometime but haven't yet figured out how to do this without walking through the bar in my swim suit.	
Oct 17 2009 	The Best View Hotel in Shanghai	Probably the newsiest 5-star hotel in Puxi (but Peninsular will open next week). Location: It’s on the being developed North Bund, not on the “old” Bund. However, the “old” Bund is only a bridge or a 5-min walk away. Since walking through that bridge is a tourist attraction anyway, the location it is actually quite good, particularly once the nearby construction is finished (before Expo 2010?). We didn’t have any problem to get the taxi, as more and more drivers know existence of this hotel. Facility: Although it’s a Regency grade Hyatt (we didn’t know when booking), it can easily match or beat any Grand Hyatt in US we have been to. We had the river view room on 20th floor. The view was incredible, when and only when the weather is good or the sky is clear (not always). There are only 8 rooms on each higher floor with the river view (note the view is not really for the river, rather the lighted buildings or architectures on both side of the river). Most of these 8 rooms have the view of Puxi and the Bund; two have the view of Pudong. One, which is a suite, is at the tip of the building and has the best view: both Pudong and Puxi (probably, the only room in Shanghai has that view)! Restaurant: we did try the buffet on the 2nd floor (just arrived and didn’t want to go out), which was good. It appeared all foods (Japanese, Italian, continental and Shanghaiese) were prepared real time in an open kitchen setting. The bar on the roof top has the best view (the same as the suites). The music played by DJ (different DJ/different night) was OK. If one doesn’t stay in the river view room, it’s worth to get a $10 or more drink and enjoy the view. Service: The services were very good and as expected for a 5-star Shanghai hotel (or a 4-star US hotel). Check-in was a little slow (we hit a bad time, one staff for an airline crew, one for a Japanese tour group and another for rest of us). Many staff were friendly and some are getting experiences (the hotel is about 2 YO). The young man at the business count was not as attentive as the young lady in the back. Overall, it’s a very nice hotel and should be on everyone‘s list when looking for a Shanghai hotel.	
Aug 29 2009 	Hyatt on the Bund is not on the Bund and other unfulfilled promises	Location not optimal as the Hyatt on the Bund is not on the Bund but 5 min walking from the Bund, and the Bund itself is a construction area for the World Expo in 2010. At check-in I asked for an upgrade to a clubroom as I was promised that would entitle me to a room with a nice view: I got a view on a wall at one side, a parking place in front and a little further the river, but not the Bund site. The club is located on the 3rd floor; no view, limited breakfast choice, and employees that seem to wonder what I was doing there and eagerly took away the saucer when I drank my cup of coffee. I requested to be downgraded to the business package as the extra club charge is not worth it. I was re-allocated to a smoking room, although I asked for non-smoking in reservation and, detail, newspaper included in my package not delivered. Upon my complaint at the reception I was told that they would inform the manager and that next time I would hopefully have a better experience with them. Well, don’t think there will be a next time. The reason I give an overall rating of 3 on 5 is that hotel is clean, rooms big and staff in general friendly and service minded and that the Vue bar made up for the irritations: fabulous view and great staff, certainly go there!Tip in case you stay here: ask for a room in the Western Tower as that gives you the nice view on the City and the Bund (the clubrooms are in the Eastern tower and view on the boring side).	
Aug 28 2009 	Fabulous Hotel bad timing.	For the summer of 2009, there couldn't be possibly a worse location in Shanghai. Due to the impending Expo 2010, apparently Shanghai is getting a brand new infrastructure. Sadly, Hyatt on the Bund is a victim of this. Fabulous hotel, attentive staff but just outside the front door appears to be the largest city wide construction project ever. The city, in particular The Bund, is undergoing an extensive and intensive infrastructure replacement, virtually a new city in 9 months. Very difficult area to walk in, cab rides very slow and expensive due to construction, not a good neighborhood. Sadly, great hotel but lousy location.	
Aug 11 2009 	Amazing stylish haven... GORGEOUS	Now THIS is more like it. China is increasingly setting the pace when it comes to luxury hotels. The Hyatt on the Bund is more like a Park Hyatt than a Hyatt. Beautifully designed, it has all the amazing touches that one would expect at a &quot;W&quot; with the convenience and value of the Hyatt brand. My family and I loved the place and there's very little that we'd put in the &quot;con&quot; column. Perhaps the pool is too small, perhaps the location's a little strange (but it's very close to the Bund) but all this is silly when considering what a great hotel this is. If you love modern luxury with excellent food and service, look no further. I wish I were back!	
Jul 10 2009 	Quite a fabulous room	A Hyatt in the new idiom of cool, clean lines,minamalist. Service as expected from Hyatt is excellent. The rooms are the star. Even those rooms not facing the Bund are looking over the Huangpu river and to Pudong and the Pearl TV Tower still memorable.The room is huge. Flat screen TV on articulating mount. Fair size desk and work chair, with the requisite power plugs that include North America plugs, internet and halogenlamp. Small chair with ottoman. Neutral tones. Floor to ceiling windows. Powered curtains and shades.Design is most impressive. Two sliding/moving panels open to expose the stand alone vanity and sink, the separate toilet and separate bathtub &amp; rain head shower. The 2 panels are mirrored on one side. See pictures. Words donot suffice to describe this delightful room...Location is a plus and a minus. Walking across the famed bridge over Soochow creek(where the classic Broadway Mansion sits) onto the top of the iconic Bund is a must.Minus is that location is in a nowhere land. Many taxi drivers had a bit of difficultyfinding this hotel. The Bund is now a dusty mess as construction is underway for Shanghai World Expo 2010 that will be at the other end of the Bund.Note in China access to the internet is expensive.Buffet befits the Hyatt brand;. Didnot have the opportunity to try all of the facilities.A 5 star quality room for China. I would stay despite the location for the qualityof service and the ROOM.	
Jul 7 2009 	Luxury plus	We had 4 nights at the Hyatt on the Bund in April this year, it was a wonderful hotel and everything was spot on. Its just a 10 minutes walk from the Bund and main shops but the magna train currently stops well short of the Bund I misunderstood when it said take a taxi from the train startion to the hotel and so our ride cost a fortune!! so if you are taking the mag train then also take the normal train to the nearer station and that is just a 5 minute taxi ride. The hotel pool is fantastic with very attentive staff looking after you. There is a bar at the top of the hotel that you can look down onto the water and watch the parade of boats at night and there is a choice of restaurants ( not much choice of other restaurants near to the hotel although there was a very good Italian opposite that is not very obvious) It was expensive but after doing my homework discovered that some hotels in Shanghai have shared facilities and beds can be smaller in length and hard as is preferred in China. This hotel had big fluffy European sized beds and all the extras you would expect from this standard of hotel. Highly reccommended expensive but if you dont stay first class your kids will later ;-) It seemed like Shanghai was being totally renovated lots of road works (World Expo in 2010) this made it dusty all over the city and with the afternoon smog my photos told the tale that was not so obvious when we were there.	
Jun 25 2009 	An excellent world class option in Shanghai	I have always been partial to a Hyatt and when Hyatt on the Bund opened up, I couldn't wait to try it.First, the location. The Bund translates to two things in my book. Great views and lots of traffic if you need to go across the river.The hotel was relatively new when I stayed and consequently everything was in perfect condition. The lower level lobby is really interesting and a nice place for a coffee.The rooms are large and bigger than the traditional hotels in Shanghai. The Hyatt here has an interesting concept where the bathroom is actually seperated from the main room primarily by movable screens/doors. Its great if you are travelling solo but probably not if with your family.The Club lounge is very cosy and has a good variety of drinks and snacks. It actually feels like a members only club. The restaurants are good and the food is nice without being exceptional.The buffet breakfast is really worth the price.And yes, you do get the excellent Hyatt service that one would expect from this brand.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 8 2009 	locationlocationlocation	As staff for a major airline, we just relocated to the Hyatt. Beautiful hotel, but the location is good if your business includes work at The Russian Embassy. It is across the street! This area will be redeveloped, but probably not soon enough for most. Bus stops a street over, but the hotel staff doesn't seem to know how to help navigate with route numbers. Hotel has obviously stripped our rooms of the goodies others mentioned, but our rooms didn't even include a clocks. If coming for the Expo 2010, you could stay most anywhere else and be closer.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great hotel for leisure but location is not ideal for business meetings	Stayed for three nights at the hotel in last March. As other reviews havve mentioned, the level of service and the views are excellent. I did not try the restaurants but the Vue is a great place to get a drink.The big drawback, and it is a significant one, is the location, being situated in a somewhat isolated and uninteresting neighborhood. Taxis can also be a bit tricky to find at times, although at least more drivers know about the hotel now.Rooms are decent size, although it would be nicer if the std rooms had a couch to watch the TV onIf you have the leisure time and want to stay at a place with fantastic views, would recommend this hotel. If you have a number of business meetings though, you would probably be better off staying at one of the more centrally located hotels such as the Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton	
Mar 17 2009 	Excellent!	Me and a co-worker stayed at the Hyatt on the Bund for 3 nites! I recommend getting a room with river view! it is worth it! The SPA is the best, uncrowded, nice 25 mt swiming pool and great steam room and sauna!!	
Feb 26 2009 	Best Hotel In Shanghai	Just back from the Hyatt on the Bund! All I can say is this is THE HOTEL to stay at when you visit this beautiful city. The hotel &amp; staff is top notch...I don't even know where to begin - it is so incredible!!!! We had one of the club rooms that was on the 26th floor. From the moment you enter the room it is breathtaking. HUGE floor to ceiling windows with the most amazing view of the Bund. The lights at night were just incredible. Gorgeous bed, huge beautiful bathroom, shower and a kit with every kind of soap, shampoo, lotion that you want. Bathrobes with slippers, flat screen tv, bottled water, mini-bar, cd player - you name it - the room had it - just first class all the way. The hotel even had a small birthday cake for my husband in the room when we checked in. Amazing service. With the club room you get the breakfast buffet and evening cocktail service that was so good. The only way to go. You have your own private club room on the 3rd floor with laptops, tv/news, new papers, bottled water, coffee, juices, fruit and every type of breakfast foods that you want. The evening cocktail hour was incredible - a full bar available for you that is included in the club room price. Great wines, beers and any other cocktail that you wanted. So nice to sit there at night and have a cocktail and look out at the Bund and the lights. This hotel is not right on the Bund but it does have the best view possible!!! Cabs are very very cheap and this hotel is located in a good location that takes only minutes to get anywhere and only for about $2.00 to $3.00. We had an amazing time at this beautiful hotel. They also have a huge indoor pool with spa downstairs and that was also very nice. The staff is very well trained and will do anything for you. It was an amazing experience and this is the only hotel to even consider if you are going to Shanghai. Please feel free to email me if I can answer any more questions. The Hyatt on the Bund is #1!!! Thank you Hyatt for an amazing time!	
Feb 18 2009 	Good view modern and comfortable hotel to stay in SH	Good:1) the staffs are very helpful and nice.2) the room is very comfortable and big, I appreciate the design of the bathroom area, it is very nice3) there is a ipod player in the room, very impressing...4) happy with the breakfast buffet, many choices and the taste is good5) the view is fantasticRoom to improve:1) there is a computer center on the lobby floor, but it charges RMB40 per 15 mins of internet access. I didn't expect there is charge for using the computer + internet2) the location is a bit out of the central district, no bus or MTR nearby. but taking taxi is cheap, so I think it is not a big problem to me.	
Dec 28 2008 	Great hotel	Hotel looks very new and is only one year old. Rooms are modern and very comfortable. Hotel is a 5 min taxi ride from the main bund area, but I just walked it in 15 min. You really have to learn how to find your way to/from the hotel, but if you are not comfortable walking the short distance, a taxi is only about $2. Due to its location just away from the main Bund area, it is particularly interesting if the hotel prices out a bit lower than its competitors because of the inexpensive taxi ride to the main area. F&amp;B was very good and so was the healtclub and indoor pool area. Beware when visiting Shanghai and Bejing about the tea and art scams that exist!! I got fooled by the tea scam and even though I didn't mind the money I lost it was still an unpleasant experience. Google these scams and you will learn more about it. They are exceptionally good at it I have to say!	
Nov 13 2008 	King of the Bund	I recently stayed at the Hyatt on the Bund for three nights Nov 10-13 using my Faster Free Nights as a Goldpassport Diamond Member. After staying at other properties on previous visits to Shanghai which includes the Grand Hyatt at Jin Mao and the St. Regis Hotel in Pudong, I must admit that this is now my favorite property.Concierge Lounge: Upon check-in, the staff identified my status and escorted me to their concierge lounge (Bund Club on the 3rd Floor) where there were staff that registered me and assigned a deluxe king room. I was given full lounge access as a diamond member and provided an amenity which consisted of three apples. The lounge has a decent breakfast which includes both American and Chinese offerings. During the evening, they offered hot &amp; cold appetizers, light deserts and cocktails which I definitely took advantage of. Dining: I checked out their Chinese Kitchen restaurant named Xindalu. Here I sampled their Peking Duck which was nicely prepared and delicious. The staff was friendly and paid attention to my needs. Their Hot and Sour soup was good albeit a bit spicier than I’m used to back in the U.S.Spa: What an experience! I’m not a spa expert, but I absolutely enjoyed this experience. From the quality of the bathrobes and soaking tub to the oversized room where I received a deep tissue body and foot massage, this was an added plus to my stay.Health Club: I often judge hotels based on their club facilities. If this is the case, then Hyatt on the Bund is King. I liked that they had all the newest and latest equipment which included tv monitors on all cardio equipment, star tac circuit training equipment and free weights. I worked out here every morning. No one knew what a red bull energy drink is but that's okay.Room: I stayed in a deluxe king bedroom. It had the flat screen LCD with HBO, Cinemax, Stars and CNN for English channels plus a DVD player. The all marble bath with sliding doors and separate shower/bath was nicely designed. I had a great view of the Bund.Area for Improvement: Not much. They could use an ATM in the hotel and some wireless internet in the room versus the Ethernet connection. Maybe the distance is something to be desired from the tourist part of the Bund. There is nothing within walking distance that I wished to explore. But, taxis are plentiful and inexpensive. Overall I would definitely consider staying at this 5 star property again. Even if I was a full paying customer, I would come back. I’m off to the new Park Hyatt Shanghai for two more nights before returning to the U.S. We’ll see if this new property takes the title of All Time Favorite play to stay in Shanghai.	
Oct 27 2008	The Best Views in Shanghai	An oasis of calm in the bustling mayhem of Shanghai. I always book an executive club room for the little touches - free cocktails overlooking the towers of Pudong, the selection of teas in the room and free internet access - and overall it saves money if you make use of the club lounge.The top floor French restaurant is worth the trip for the views of the Bund alone, and a little piece of Parisian food if you fancy a (pricey) change from Chinese cuisine,	
Oct 20 2008 	A Great Hotel and My Preferred Choice in Shanghai	What a fantastic stay we had at the Hyatt on the Bund. We were there for three nights/four days and loved the layout. The spa facility is top notch. I used the spa all three mornings and everything from the locker room to the pool to the treadmills were outstanding. I do wish the that the tub in the pool area was hot, but I am picking here.The room is a gorgeous layout with a wonderful two head shower. The room service was fast on delivery and pickups. The Executive club I highly recommend, they have a fantastic selection for breakfast and the coffee and teas are great. The views are amazing in this hotel, especially from The Vue Restaurant(food is very good and will improve with time i am sure, but falls just short of great in my opinion) and The Vue Bar on the 30th and 31st floors.Check in and Check out are easy with a very attentive staff that will greet you as you walk to check in, or pull you from a line if you happen to be waiting. This has easily become my first choice hotel in Shanghai.The NegativeNo duel gender hot tub. There are sooooo many light switches in the room. It makes it very difficult to locate them all and go to bed. Only 4 elevators for a tower of 30 floors was a poor design. You are usually waiting for one for a bit.	
Aug 5 2008 	For Amazing Views this is the Hotel	Here is a truly first class Hotel in every way in an unbeatable location. The Hotel is modern minimalist throughout with a quality feel to all the fixtures &amp; fittings. We had a River View King room &amp; on check-in asked whether we would have a good view of the Huangpu River and across to Pudong. The check-in agent didn’t think our allocated room would have, and spent a while whilst we relaxed with a drink in the café (at their expense) arranging a room on a high floor with a great view for us. This Hotel is all about views and if you were not on a high floor it just wouldn’t be the same. Some of the low floor rooms wouldn’t be high enough to clear the ugly Cruise boat terminal across the road on the Riverbank.Hotel Pros:Comfortable, attractive rooms with a large walk in shower &amp; a bath if required. On first glance the room appears Spartan but on closer inspection it is all there, just concealed so nothing looks untidy to destroy the minimalist appearance. There is even a choice of 3 fresh China Tea’s &amp; a special Teapot to make them in. You have a small bookshelf with several books concerning the History of The Bund &amp; all the usual Hotel magazines &amp; books. The floor to ceiling windows afford the most amazing view of the futuristic new city of Pudong and the many boats travelling down the Huangpu River. When you have had enough of the view an electric blind completely shuts out all light completely.The location of the Hotel is both good &amp; OK. It definitely has the best view from its corner of the river location across to Pudong &amp; back towards the Bund. However it is not “on the Bund” as such and you will need to walk through an ordinary area for 15 minutes to get to “The Bund” We did this on several occasions &amp; once when it was raining &amp; noted a distinct lack of shelter from the rain.The “Vue” Bar on the 32nd floor must have the best view of a cityscape anywhere. It is so totally amazing it bowls you over &amp; the drinks are not that bad either. You can actually go outside onto the roof &amp; lie on a lounger, even have a spa whilst you sip on your G &amp; T! One floor below is the “Vue” Restaurant &amp; we were lucky enough to have the premium table right at the end of the room on the riverfront. Once again, the view was just unbelievable – especially with all the lights on across in Pudong &amp; along the Bund. You really do have a ringside seat here. The food was top notch, we had Beef Wellington &amp; it was perfection. The price is high but you would expect that. Of course, the service is faultless but this applies everywhere in the Hotel.Hotel Cons:In June when we were here it was extremely Hot &amp; Humid &amp; the room A/C didn’t seem to be able to keep up with it. At times whilst trying to sleep it was just so hot. I don’t know if this was just a problem with the room we were in or not.There seems to be a shortage of Taxis in this area. We had reservations for dinner at “M” on The Bund (Fabulous) one night &amp; went down to the Lobby 40 minutes before our reserved time. We had to wait for 30 minutes for a taxi in a queue &amp; ended up only just making the reserved time at the Restaurant. If you have an important engagement I would suggest you arranging a Hotel car to ensure you make it.If you want to be near shops this is about a 40 minute walk from East Nanjing Rd, you really have to take a Cab there &amp; if you want a big choice of places to eat near the hotel this might not be the place for you.For a special treat this Hotel is unbeatable. To view more photos see - www.flickr.com/photos/kiwiexplorer	
Jul 13 2008	Great hotel	Expect plush towels, comfortable bed, high ceiling and trendy decor at an excellent hotel near the bund. There were, however, several areas of improvement - 1) the fridge is tiny. I got a cake from their Tea Room (chocolate - excellent!!) and wanted to keep it in my room. The fridge was half of most you would expect at hotels and I had to keep the cake with room services. 2) No free wifi. In fact, internet is only available via cable and costs around CNY 5/minute. Since free wifi is pretty much a standard now, I was disappointed to find this upon checking in.Vue Restaurant - very good. The place looks like a spacious library/kitchen. The food, most prepared in their stage kitchen, was excellent. From a simple champagne risotto, chilled seafood platter (really fresh) and steak, everything was prepared well. Their was a complimentary dessert - chocolate bonbon, served on dry ice, which was a nice touch.China Kitchen - I had dinner there before, which was good, but not great considering all the excellent Chinese cuisine in Shanghai. For lunch, we had traditional beef noodles, appetizer dishes (come in 4 varieties) , which were all below average. Aside from the Peking Duck, I would not recommend anything else at this restaurant.	
Jun 5 2008 	Fantastic Hotel !	I stayed at the Hyatt on the Bund for 2 night on a short trip to Shanghai. At first I wanted to book the Grand Hyatt in Pudong but changed my mind due to the price (twice higher).No regrets !! This hotel was fantastic from A to Z: my room was beautilul (and I just booked a standard view room), very new and design, state of the art facilities, amazing views on the Bund AND Pudong, efficient service (very friendly as well). The restaurant and the bar on the last floors are spectacular (and probably offer the best views you can get in Shanghai... however you need to book in advande) the food was good yet quite expensive.Some previous reviews mention about a disapointing location. Yes the hotel isn't exactly on the Bund, you have to cross a bridge but anyway all hotels in Shanghai require to take a taxi in order to go to all the main attractions.Unfortunatly i didn't get the chance to try the Spa and the pool as I was too busy visiting the great city that is Shanghai.All in all, if I get the chance to go back to Shanghai, I would definitly stay again at the Hyatt on the Bund.	
May 9 2008	Great Hotel	Great value for money. The view from the rooms is just gorgeous!!!	
May 7 2008 	Great stay but not most convenient location	I stayed at the Hyatt on the Bund for 2 nights in April 08. The hotel is immaculate and clean, very modern and the staff is incredibly helpful and friendly. I travel throughout China 20 weeks per year, and both times that I have been fortunate enough to stay at a Hyatt (the other being in Beijing) I have been more than pleased and impressed with the level of service I received.Only downside of this hotel is that you have to take a taxi across the Suzhou River to get to the trendier sites and locations. If you can stay near the &quot;Bund Hotel&quot; you will be better off as far as walking to attractions and restaurants. Otherwise, it's a short ride to most sites from the Hyatt.The rooms are clean, modern and beautiful. Remote powered shades let you view the Bund from your bed, but close the shades for privacy just before getting some shut eye. The bar at the top of the restaurant (Vue Bar) has an AWESOME must see terrace. It has lounge beds w/ canopies and a hot tub. You can sip martinis and take in an amazing view (or Vue as they catchily put it).The breakfast at Aroma is pricey, but definitely worth at least one try. They have quite a spread and all of it is great. Skip the Xindali restaurant. It is nice, but you can get much much better Chinese food outside for a fraction of the price. Incidentally, the Hyatt in Beijing has an identical restaurant which I ate at and left w/ the same feeling of having a very small Peking Duck at a very high price tag.	
Apr 6 2008 	Good but let down by location and layout	Stayed here for 3 nights after a work conference at the Shangri-La. A number of other people have already said they had trouble getting their taxi driver to find the Hyatt, as it's so new - I had the same problem getting to the hotel from Pudong, and several other times during my stay. It feels a little like the Hyatt has landed from outer space in a rather dusty and quiet area. It's actually on the same road (about 3 minutes away) from the Astor Hotel, which has been around for years - would recommend perhaps mentioning that to taxi drivers if they don't know where they're going? Inside the hotel, it's all quite good on first impressions - the lobby is massive - feels a bit like an airport terminal building with chillout music playing in the background. Had a standard room in the East wing. It all feels a bit Japanese inside - warm woods and minimalist. The layout of the standard rooms is a bit of a problem, though - the bathroom area is actually open plan, with silding partitions to divide it off for privacy. A bit weird, but alright. But there's no proper wardrobe - just a hanging area in the bathroom, with some drawers, which is a bit awkward to get access to, and overly fiddly and annoying. Had breakfast in the Aroma restaurant - good selection as you'd expect, but the staff were overly keen to clear things away before we'd finished them. Gym and pool in the basement are amazing - vitually empty every time I went, which was even better. Not a very good free weight selection, though. The bar on the top floor (Vue) is alright - good views of both Pudong and the Bund because of where the hotel is located. If you want to look at the pretty view, remember that the lights in both Pudong and the Bund are turned off fairly early in the evening. Not much of a buzz though, compared to say the Jade36 bar in the Pudong Shangri-La - suspect because this place is a little out of the way. Concierge was helpful - they got us a great table at the Jean-Georges restaurant on the Bund - would recommend the tasting menu if you go there (RMB900). But the concierge also recommended a complete dump of a place when we said we wanted to go and buy some jewellery - they sent us to this tourist trap in Jingan - avoid like the plague if they recommend to you too. Overall, a good hotel, but the location isn't great. It's not too far from the Bund - maybe about 10-15 minutes, but the walk there is a little dusty and ropey. Plus, the layout of the standard rooms is very annoying. Probably wouldn't stay here again. Jumeirah is opening a new hotel near Xin Tian Di later this year - plan to try it out next time.	
Jan 15 2008 	what's happened to the service	I stayed at this hotel as my friend was having his birthday party there on the Saturday night so it made sense. Check in was very slow as they only had us checking in for 1 night rather than 2 but as the hotel was empty it wasn't too much of a problem.Went for brunch to Aroma, smell of smoking quite strong but guess this is China. Surprised that on a Saturday they close the buffet at 2.30pm and by 2pm they were already running the food down with just scraps left at each station. Service quite heavy handed, insisted on filling water glasses to the top in order to empty the 88RMB bottles of water more quickly.Gym - booked a massage only to get to the Spa and find out they'd cancelled it. Asked me to wait for 15minutes. Had to go back to the desk after 20mins and then they put me in the massage room. Nowhere to sit while I waiting for the therapist. After 10mins, which felt like an hour, went back to the desk. Massage finally got underway 40minutes after it was due to start. Therapist was very good though.Found it quite odd that the locker room boys watched me getting dressed and undressed. I'm European so don't have hang ups about nudity but this seemed a little odd. The place was dead so perhaps they had nothing else to do but would have preferred to have them refolding towels or something.Bar - asked for a whiskey sour, barman didn't know how to make this but I explained and he did a very good job. Second one was spot on too. When I ordered the 3rd he told me to 'come back later'. ??? I waitied and eventually he made the drink. 4th was even better, he flatly refused to make the drink saying he had already made me three and that I was to drink something else instead. I called the bar manager over and she convinced him to make the drink. Didn't bother with another one!Previous reviews have commented on the great service. I'm wondering whether the Grand Hyatt sent over some of its staff when the hotel first opened because there is no-one there now who has any idea of service. For example we came down from our lift and were waiting in the lobby for a friend when someone rushed out from the check in desk, raced over to us and asked us if she could help us. I think she was trying to be helpful but just made us feel like intruders.All in all I wouldn't stay here again even at the special rate of 880RMB	
Jan 9 2008 	Hyatt did it again...on the Bund!	It is located at the north end of the Bund on a quiet street facing the Pu River; if you book a room with the River view, you have the terrific view of both sides of the Bund. However; you can hardly walk to anywhere, even the heart of the Bund is a fairly long walk. Sometimes Taxi is hard to come by because its location is a bit &quot;off&quot;. The Hotel is brand new, very modern and tastefully decorated. The grand lobby is true to Hyatt, and the service all around is superb! the room is average size, simple but elegant with modern amenities. I thought the variety of complimentary premium loose tea leaves in jars lining the bar is a nice touch, in-room coffee maker is always a plus for me. Beds are comfortable and the bathroom has separate tub and shower. The breakfast buffet is excellent, both Chinese and Western selections as well as local Shanghai specialties. It is a bit pricy, but comparable to hotels of the same class. Many are freshly made on the spot. The Tea Garden in the lobby level is a great place for meeting, a couple of tea will set you back US$25. Although the Grand Hyatt Jin Mao across the river drawfs this one in height, this new property certainly holds its own and lives up to the reputation of a Hyatt. I will choose to stay in Puxi any day...but I might like the location and the rooms of Le Royal Meridien a bit better.	
Jan 5 2008 	Nice views but poor bathroom	Am writing this review while sitting in the hotel room. I wanted to try out this new hotel since some of my friends had stayed here and gave good reports.The hotel is in the so-called North Bund area, just a couple minutes north of the picturesque Bund. Huangpu Road isn't known to all the taxi drivers, so it's useful to mention Dong Daming Road or ask the driver to go to the Bund. You'll quickly see the twin towers with the Hyatt logo on one and the Shimao logo on the other.We had a room on the 10th floor in the West Tower, and had a partial view of the Bund blocked by the Huangpu Hotel in front and the large neon signboard on top of it. I think staying in the higher zone (20th or above) should definitely fix this. Our bed faced the window and hence we could see the river from our bed.Overall the room was new and nice, with an LCD TV that swiveled so you can watch from the bed, desk or the chaise lounge. Electric blinds are operated via buttons by the bed to let in or black out light.My big complaint is with the bathroom. First, the closet is set inside the bathroom, which means you drag your luggage into the bathroom to unpack. While it's nice to be able to dress yourselves without stepping out of the bathroom, I don't like the idea of steam getting onto my woolen clothes (suit, overcoat, sweaters...). Would much prefer the way Grand Hyatt Shanghai did it - putting the closet between the bed and the bathroom, with doors on both sides so you can access it from the bathroom or from the bed area.The other big gripe with the bathroom is the sink. It's rectangular, shallow, and simply doesn't drain well because of the design. You are then faced with dirty water sitting in the sink. And the water - I have never tasted more foul-tasting water coming out of the bathroom faucet at a 5-star hotel anywhere. I am tempted to use the bottled water from the hotel to brush my teeth...Didn't dine in the hotel, but I did go to the Vue Bar at the top of the hotel. Very nice view of both the Bund and the Pudong riverside. Be aware that the lights are turned off on the Bund and the Pudong side around 10:30pm, so get there early for the full experience. Curiously there is a set of stairs leading up to higher level above the bar (which is already above 2 floors of dining space), where there is an open-air jacuzzi surrounded by some cabanas. I was tempted to use it, but had trouble figuring out how I would get to it in my bathrobe without going through the full length of the bar. Maybe I'd simply climb up the fire exit stairs?	
Dec 7 2007 	A new Hyatt with spirit	We stayed at Hyatt on the Bund for five nights in November including the official opening night - the &quot;soft start&quot; period is over and they opened more facilities including the level 32 bar (with great night views), with the Vue restaurant (Level 30) and private dining (Level 31) to follow.The hotel is in two towers, East and West, joined by a central atrium. Technically still in the Bund area, it is to the South of the traditional riverbank Bund, in an area undergoing redevelopment. We found it a pleasant 5 to 10 minute walk to the Southern end of the traditional Bund. It is not near Shanghai's (rather limited and crowded) Metro, and it is still becoming known to the city's 40,000 taxis (and 100,000 taxi drivers).Hyatt builds great staff teams in its hotels and this is no exception. Nothing we asked for was too much - room cleaning, restaurant service, front of house, bell staff were all excellent.Our room, one of the standard rooms (called &quot;deLuxe&quot;) was of a good size, comfortable, and a pleasant view across some lower old buildings to the river and Pudong. The ever-changing river, with its lighted tourist boats, coal and transport barges, small naval ships, and occasional small cruise ship was its own entertainment.There is a vast breakfast in the main cafe, which also has a multi-station, multi-national buffet lunch and dinner, and a la carte options as well. We could not fault any of the food we ate over six breakfasts, three lunches, and four dinners.The room design is unusual, with a sliding panel wall between bathroom and bedroom. When pulled back this does provide a larger space, but it does have its oddities - when in place as a wall you can't access the minibar etc which is in the back of the bathroom basin stand. Some dark marks on the bathroom floor initially looked like poor cleaning but proved to be joint sealant which had spread and darkened in the stone. The architect has so cunningly hidden the broadband and power sockets for the desk (s)he must have hated them - they are under a fold-up panel on the wall just above the desk. I hope that saves you the 20 minutes it took me to find them.We took the hotel car to and from the airport - its about an hour each way and costs about $US70. Given that the much-vaunted Maglev train (which we took anyway while there and it is fantastic) has its town station quite some distance away on the other side of the river, we found the car option more convenient.If you have come with commitments on the Pudong side of the river (as we had), it is a long taxi ride (and at peak times a slow one) to get there. We would have done better in our case to have stayed on that side, but we loved our stay at this Hyatt and at the right price (we had an opening special) we will be back.	
Nov 21 2007 	High Style in Shanghai	Hyatt on the Bund, ShanghaiNew hotel, 1 year old, just getting into full swing. Impeccable service, always someone to help or direct. Rooms exquisitely designed in chocolate, grey and wasabi color scheme, large bathroom with separate shower and tub, window to room that can be closed for privacy. Flat screen TV, broadband connection, iPod connection so you can play your own music in your room (though I had to have it replaced with one that worked). My only complaint is that the chaise lounge was too deep at one end to be comfortable for two, and the lobby couches are built for giants. Our room was a king, 17th floor, and had a good but partial view of the Bund and Pudong (if we squeezed to the extreme right it was a full view).Glass-enclosed and mirrored elevators give a view of the old Chinese neighborhood nearby, which is fun to wander through.Hotel uniforms black/wasabi accents; chinese styling in a minimalist manner. Different style for each position but all tying together: suits for desk personnel, long chiffon pants and tops for cocktail wait staff.Largest, most varied buffet breakfast I’ve encountered, and of excellent quality. Chinese, western, Japanese, Shanghai cuisines. Flavorful whole grain breads and baguettes, European cheeses of top quality including a mountain Toma from Italy. Eggs omelettes, waffles and pancakes made to order. Noodles and dumplings in broth. Fresh-brewed coffee made by the cup, and fresh-squeezed juices including carrot and mango.Health club, free, is spacious. Top of the line machines, smooth and easy to operate, at least two of each. Free weights. Glassed-in yoga and stretching room with mats, exercise balls and ballet barre. Attendant presents you with a towel and bottled water when you enter. Adjacent large pool and jacuzzi; full-service spa nearby (not free). A lovely garden pool comprises the center of the lower level and a juice bar overlooks the plantings.Only negative was some difficulty in getting taxis at this new, off the main road location. I expect the grapevine will take care of it eventually.	
Nov 4 2007 	Gold Passport Members Beware	Date of Stay: November 1 - 4,2007Room Type: River View King RoomUpgrade: noneAmount Paid Per Night: RMB2180.00++ ($292.00) Had to reserve two times because the original room rate was much higher it was only when I checked again that I found out that there was a much lower rate.Reservation Method: Gold Passport WebsiteLoyalty Card: Gold Passport MemberAirport/Hotel Transfer: Had a hard time confirming the transfer. The hotel still doesn’t have an e-Concierge system where you can book and confirm stuff before you arrive. So I had to email them at the address given in their website. 5 days passed I was still not able to get an email confirming my transfer so I had to email the Customer Service staff of Gold Passport to fix it for me. They were able to confirm everything that very same day.Didn’t see any hotel representative at the gate, which was okay since it was just a domestic flight. We finally saw him waiting at the exit for us. We walked to the parking building where the Audi A6L was waiting for us. The ride to the hotel was okay, quite long and a bit traffic because we had to go through Pudong then take the tunnel to Puxi, instead of taking the bridge, which I often pass when coming from the airport. Well we eventually got to the hotel safe so no problems there. Location: Quite disappointed at the location. I guess I was so caught up with the photos submitted here that I forgot to actually check which end of the Bund it will be located. When we arrived I found out that we are not actually ON the Bund but a bit father off to the end. You still have to cross a bridge and turn right then drive a few blocks before reaching it. Since it’s new many cab drivers don’t where it is, even a lot of locals don’t know where it is either. So you might have to do some coaching and make sure to bring those hotel cards for the taxi because the map printed on it would really come in handy.Check-in: Quick check-in, though a bit disappointed because I asked for a higher room floor and they told me that the higher rooms were all booked and they could only put me in on the 12th floor. They had a little problem with their system so they had to borrow my passport when I got up in the room.Room: Room was nice, unfortunately I paid for a River View Room but only got a view of the hotel’s other tower. I would have to stand by the window and peer to my right to actually see the river and Pudong. The open bathroom is big, though the closet was a bit tight especially when carrying thick jackets, they have a good counter for your bags at the end. Walls can be drawn if you want some privacy or when you have company, the shower stall and toilet stalls are frosted so you won’t feel very exposed. The counter for the faucet is a bit tight with just enough room for toiletries. Bed: The bed was great after staying at the hard beds of Hotel Kapok in Beijing it was a welcome change. Though the pillows are wrapped in a different fabric that could be a bit rough, it was actually good.Breakfast: Breakfast spread was huge. Everything you want is there, though it doesn’t seem to change. There is a Chinese section, then continental and Japanese, they also have a pancake and waffle station beside the bread counters and fruits are always nice and fresh. I suggest you get a room package with breakfast because if you have to pay it separately it’s about 300RMB per breakfast.Check-out: Check out was quick, though when I reserved my room I remember selecting the Bund Club Promo Package which includes complimentary broadband connection. Problem is, they seem to have forgotten all about it and kept on insisting that I pay for mine. Since I was in a hurry to catch my flight I just paid it because it was just a little under 400RMB for the 3 days.Overall Evaluation: Extremely disappointed with my stay. I reserved through Gold Passport and requested that I be placed in a high room but was told upon checking in that the floors were booked. However my friends got upgraded because their keys won’t work on the floor they were originally at and they got upgraded to a River View King Room on the 26th floor while I was stuck on the 12th. And they told me it was booked? Then to make matters worse, they got a better view to think I was paying almost 300RMB more a night. I decided to complain the following morning to the General Manager and got a note from the Director of Rooms that evening together with a bottle of wine (a 10 dollar bottle of wine). I really felt offended that they would assume that I do not know what happened to my friend’s case and explained that it was a gesture of service recovery that they upgraded their rooms. And simply promised to do update my preference for future stays. That night I sent her an email explaining that I am aware of what happened and am glad that they extended that courtesy to my friends seeing that I was the one who convinced them of actually staying there (from Eton in Pudong). But I also told her that I do not understand why the Front Desk Staff would lie to my face that the floors were booked? Plus from the very first day I already informed the Front Desk Staff that I wish to be moved and they promised to move me as soon as one is available. But never got any word from them and what really upset me was that I would meet some people on the elevators getting checked in to better floors and better views. So what happened to my request?The Director of Rooms sent me a note the following morning apologizing and asking if there was a way for them to make it up to me. But it’s already my last day and since we were meeting friends and catching on last minute shopping I really don’t want to stay any longer at the hotel and move my stuff, besides all I’m going to do when I get back to the hotel at night is pack and sleep. It’s just a case of too late the hero. This whole experience really made me think twice why I keep on choosing Hyatt over other brands. This was the first time I ever experience such bad and unprofessional service coming from a 5 Star Hotel, I mean I think even motels could do better. And to think I was already a loyal Gold Passport member.	
Sep 25 2007	Coolest hotel I've stayed in	What a hotel! Only open a couple of months (and there are signs that it's in the soft launch phase) so everything is brand new. My bedroom, a double on the upper 20s, was without doubt the coolest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Minimalist design in shades of brown. Floor to ceiling windows with electric blinds. A bathroom without walls, well not quite but the washbasin gives the appearance of being in the middle of the room. Pillows and shower, two particularly important aspects for me were excellent: you have a choice between a wall-mounted shower head or a rainforest style ceiling one. The views are superb. My only gripe, and a small one at that, is that there are so many switches it's hard to know what does what. Service could not have been better, but was not grovelling. The lounge bar is cool - cream and sand coloured. The food in the restaurant was excellent, both at breakfast and lunch; the choice is magnificent. The lobby is a glassed in area between 2 towers and reminded me a bit of some convention centres I've been to. But it did add to the awe of the place. On the downside, the hard launch isn't until November, so I was woken by drilling in the room above me at 7.15, and during the conference I attended (facilities and staff again first class) we had to put up with hammering above us. Location is, for the moment, an issue. Getting a taxi from the hotel is very hard. I had to walk to a nearby junction to hail a cab to the airport. The hotel is on a part of street which appears to be a dead end, and there is another hotel before it so taxis don't really have any cause to go past the hotel. And the staff didn't make much of an effort to get taxis, other than standing in the street and hoping one would come by. Also, &quot;on the Bund&quot; in the hotel's title might lead you to believe that you step out of the hotel onto the famous Bund with the Yangtse flowing past you. No. The hotel is to the north of the Bund. There are nondescript warehouses between the hotel and the water. No doubt these will be gentrified or knocked down in due course, but it isn't a great location at present. I'm going back to Shanghai in December for a long weekend and much as I like the hotel I won't be staying here, purely because of the location. There are far nicer options for a leasure stay.	
Sep 23 2007 	Best view in the entire Shanghai	If city shyline view is your fancy, then this is hotel is a &quot;can't miss&quot;. It simply has the best view of Shanghai - a panoramic view of Pu-Dong (East SH) and Pu-Xi (West SH). It is located in the Huang-Pu district, 3 blocks away from the north end of the Bund. Until my recent stay here, I always thought the Grand Hyatt in Pu-Dong has the best view, but this new hotel absolutely has claimed the Top spot. For a hotel with a city skline view on a water front, I would rate this as one of the top three in Asia, on par with Intercontinental in HongKong, and Ritz-Calton in Singapore. Besides the magnifant view and contemporary decor through out, this hotel clearly is well managed to top international standard. Everywhere you go, you are always greeted with a smile and good morning/afternoon/evening from EVERY staff you run into. Staffs are eager to help. If there is one negative I can point to, it is the fact that this hotel is so new and none of the taxi drivers I hired know of this hotel. Even the road (Huang-Pu) is not exactly well known, especially to the less experienced drivers. I have to give them directions (&quot;north side of the bund, across the &quot;bai-du&quot; bridge and turn right at the first road, etc.) Hopefully over time this will become a non-issue.	
Aug 14 2007 	Wow!	We extended our stay to four nights because of 1. the view, 2. the room, 3. the food, 4. the service, and 5. the location.1. The View. Absolutely the best view from a hotel room in Shanghai. Take a look at the two panorama shots (one daytime the other nighttime) I took from our Bund River Suite on the 23rd floor. The pictures say it all.2. The Room. The Bund River Suite is well worth the price: four panoramic floor-to-ceiling windows (two in the desk/sitting area, one in the bedroom, and one in the shower/bath room) forming a semi-circle at the end of the floor. The bathroom is as big as the standard-sized room in the hotel. (pictures attached)3. The Food. For a hotel that's been open less than two months, they have their act together. Breakfast and dinner in the buffet are the best I've had in China. Cocktails and hors d'oeuvres in the Tea Room listening to wonderful jazz singing and piano playing...very relaxing.4. The Service. Highly attentive and friendly service everywhere. The staff seems proud of the hotel and their service. An outstanding job of training has been done here.5. The Location. Located on the North Bund, just two blocks away from the main Bund, Hyatt on the Bund is the closest 5-star hotel to that famous stretch of Shanghai real estate. If you're mostly interested in shopping, the hotel is not set amid high-end shops or non-stop hawkers. If you're interested in experiencing the contrasts of historical and modern Shanghai, this is the best hotel in town. (Many visitors to Shanghai complain that &quot;old Shanghai&quot; has disappeared as their hotels are surrounded by glitzy signs and sky scrapers.) On one side of Hyatt on the Bund lies an historic area full of housing unique to Shanghai, a combination of British row houses and Chinese courtyard living reflecting the international history of the city. And, the Chinese are still living there! A walk around these neighbor hoods gives one a wonderful sense of history. Just three blocks away from the hotel is an area just off the Bund set for major gentrification...preserving historical buildings and putting up new. You can observe this work in progress with an easy walk. There's lots to see. (one picture attached taken from north side of hotel, 23rd floor.)The best hotel experience in China!	
Nov 23 2009 	???????????????????		
Nov 19 2009 	?????…??????		
Nov 16 2009 	???????????		
Nov 1 2009 	?????		
Sep 30 2009 	??????????		
Aug 30 2009 	????????????		
Aug 4 2009 	?????????????		
Mar 28 2009 	??????????????????????????		
Mar 16 2009 	???????????		
Feb 24 2009 	??????????		
Jan 11 2009 	Wer hier wohnt wird nichts vermissen!		
Oct 30 2008 	Gutes und neuwertiges Hotel mit hervorragender Aussicht		
Oct 29 2008 	????		
Oct 12 2008 	beautiful view!!		
Sep 26 2008 	????????????		
