Nov 2 2009 	Good place for an overnight airport stay	I stayed here for a single night, after arriving from a long flight from Newark, and before traveling on to Nanjing, China. The Ramada was easy to get to, with convenient free shuttle service to and from the airport. The room was large and clean, with a nice enclosed balcony area. I had a reasonably priced Chinese dinner in one of the hotel restaurants, the Brasserie, and had a good night's rest with almost no airplane noise.My journey the next morning to Nanjing was quite interesting, as I took the Maglev train into the city, then two subway rides to the Main Rail station, where I was able to catch one of EIGHTY bullet trains which run between Shanghai and Nanjing EACH DAY. Crowding on the subway was quite excessive, even on a Saturday morning. Pollution was not bad in Shanghai, but terrible in Nanjing. People everywhere were quite friendly...not a trace of anti-American feeling.I would gladly stay at the Ramada Pudong Hotel on a future trip.	
Oct 18 2009 	good hotel	Good standard, good western options on beer and foodas with all hotels in china, restaurant service is hopeless.. but you get used to it. best of the bunch....	
Jun 15 2009 	Okay for one night before flying	The Ramada hotel at Pudong airport is your average airport hotel and fine for a nights stay before flying out. Rooms are ok with everything you need but the bathrooms werea little cramped. All services were fine and i would use the hotel again if flying out of Shanghai Pudong. Free shuttle bus to and from the airport	
Apr 1 2009 	Good Hotel	I stayed in this property for two weeks and was a bit concerned when I read the prior reviews from other fellow trip advisors. The hotel was booked by my work so I really did not have a choice. The room I stayed in was clean and room service was very good. I worked long hours during my stay and the house keeping would always leave a small snickers bar on my bed when I return at night. I thought that was quite nice.The staff at check in was efficient but I have to say their concierge was very average. I called them late at night once to organise a wake up call for the next morning as I had meetings to attend to. I never got my wake up call. When I questioned them they brushed me off and no one seemed to want to take responsibility. My room package also came with complimentary buffet breakfast every morning. The breakfast was crap. Everyday was the same food and the quality was very average. The location of the airport is good if you want a hotel to stay overnight. But its not very centralised. But you can always catch the hotel shuttle bus to the airport and connect to the Maglev to the Long Yang station and then transfer to the metroline if you want to go to Puxi.Finally, one thing I didn't like about this hotel was they only offered free wireless in the lobby. When I stayed at the Ramada in Doha they provided free wireless in the rooms. I thought being a Ramada brand all the hotels will have the same service.Overall a great hotel if you have to overnight in Shanghai and catch a plane the next morning. I would not recommend this hotel if you have business in Puxi or Pudong. They are far better located hotels over in the Pudong and Puxi city centre.	
Sep 15 2008 	Pathetic service	We have never in our life experienced such bad service. Rude and completely unwilling to help!!!	
Sep 1 2008	Convenient airport hotel	I stayed at the Putong Ramada last week when I arrived at Shanghai late at night. The hotel is literally next to the aiport, so it's very convenient if you flew in late or you're here for a stopover. Even though it's right by the airport, I barely heard any plane noise.The rooms are adequate for a one night stay. I had the late night snack at the hotel restaurant. It included fresh fruit and a bowl of wonton soup. The wonton soup was ok, but the shrimp in the soup didn't taste fresh, so I didn't eat them.I would recommend this hotel if you just need somewhere to sleep for one night near the airport.	
Jul 17 2008 	convenient for stopover	The hotel is next to Shanghai airport. There is a hotel shuttle bus at the terminal exit and the journey will take you less than 5 minutes. Check in is fast, staff helpful, English is OK. Room and toilet are clean. Even though hotel is next to airport it is quiet. Shanghai is more than 1 hour by taxi or bus, best if you can take the 400 plus km/hr Maglev train. It will reach Shanghai in minutes. The hotel shuttle can talk you back to the airport, then its a short walk to the Maglev station.	
May 27 2008 	Old tired and noisy	Stayed here one night before flying out of PVG the next day. On arrival at the hotel the staff stood about for 5 minutes looking at us and our luggage before our interpreter shouted at them to get a porter - the first time that had happened in China so far.Rooms are old fashioned with old TV and small bathroom with no separate shower. Considering how new the airport looks, this hotel looks like it was here a good 20 years before the airport was built.Internet is available for 2 RMB per minute with a max charge per 24 hours of 100 RMB.Don't believe the website when it says that the rooms are soundproofed, I heard every takeoff and landing overnight.I'm sure the other airport hotels are worse, this is China, after all, but the Ramada group should be ashamed of themselves.	
Apr 21 2008 	sleep on the street rather than here	Okay nobody is at their best at 2 am but that's the deal on the night desk. We arrived into Pudong from Sanya and had just ten hours before our outward flight. The woman at the desk at the Ramada was possibly the rudest person I've ever come across in the 'service' industry - after our taxi driver from the airport. We'd been in China for three weeks already and had loved it - same as anywhere, some great bits some crap - but avoid the Ramada if you can help it. And if you must stay there, don't open the wine -it's awful, corked and they'll try to make you pay. And go to plumbing school before you stay there. Cisterns are a disaster. Horrible end to a great trip.	
Mar 8 2008 	Convenient hotel for a stop-over in Shanghai	Ramada Pudong Airport Hotel (executive room)-efficient executive check-in is on the 7th floor with breakfast served from 6am. Hotel is a 5 minute shuttle bus ride from the airport terminal. Hotel shuttle is parked at bay #9 or #10 with a 30 minute frequency. The bay was not clearly marked and is located between the airport terminal and car park. Room is clean and has a small bathroom relative to the suite. Room amenities include a microwave, small refrigerator and LAN internet access. 40 minute taxi ride to Xin Tian Di is 140 to 150Y. Be aware that taxi fares increases after 10:30pm.This trip was part of our Tibet/Nepal trip. The Tibet itinerary was booked with Access Tibet Tour agency (highly recommended). Communications with ATT (Brian Yang) were timely and the trip went according to the itinerary.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great for a stop-over	Stayed at this hotel whilst stopping-over in Shanghai and found the free airport pick-up / drop-off to be quick and convenient.The hotel itself was well presented with good service and facilities. The Brasserie restaurants buffet menus provided a wide range of dishes, with unlimited supplies. Whilst the Chinese restaurant provided authentic dishes at a reasonable price.Our standard double room was clean, tidy and comfortable, and had a good shower for blasting off the jet-lag.Using the free airport shuttle bus in combination with the Maglev train provided a convenient means for getting in to the city centre. After exploring Shanghai's hectic streets, it was nice to head back out to the relative tranquility of the airport.Overall - a good hotel for Shanghai stop-overs.	
Oct 23 2007 	Beware of a few things	Airport hotels should be flexible with their check in times due to the very different arrival times of their guests. I heard that this property are really bad at this so emailed them the night before to say I would be in at 0800. I got to them at 0800 and no room was available. They told me I would have to wait almost 2 hours to get a room. NO WAY! I was tired and needed sleep so badly it was not funny. I spoke to the Duty Manager who sent me off to the cafe while the room was cleaned. Over an hour later I was in my room. Bad start! The room was ok actually - has a weird balcony which is enclosed. Then again, probably sensible with the toxic air around here. The rooms are quite comfortable and very well cleaned. Housekeepers do the best job in the entire property. The telephone staff leave a lot to be desired. Room service guy takes for ever to deal with and their room service menu is quite limited. I am not a fan of the food here despite being an adventurous eater. Regardless, prices are good I guess. I am here on business so would never choose to come back.	
Mar 17 2007 	Very good	Very pleasant stay at this hotel. Excellent for the airport - only 5 minutes by shuttle bus and also takes you to the Maglev station (in the airport) which then takes only 8 minutes to get to the new exhibition area. Food in the restaurant was good although the breakfast buffet could have been a bit hotter. Overall a good experience and would stay again.	
Sep 18 2006 	Dated tired hotel with building works	We only stayed here overnight before our flight back to the uk. From the reviews i was expecting a nice relaxing room. However when we arrived i noticed building works. Half the hotel was being refurbished, there was no mention of this when i booked through the website. We went to check in. I had requested a double room ,now beware a double room in China means a twin room. So thats what we got. I went down to complain but they said they upgraded us to an deluxe room and as half the building was out they only had twin rooms available. Well the room wasn't very nice at all, i dread to think what a standard room was like. It was dated, not very clean and the beds were hard as nails. Needless to say we didn't sleep a wink. It looks like they are updating all the hotel rooms, i would not recommend a stay in this hotel until this has been completed.Unfortunately this is the only hotel 2 mins from the airport and is just about bearable if you are only staying for an overnight stay.	
May 29 2006	Ideal stop over hotel.	Ideal for a stop over for connecting flights the next day. It was a right decision to stay over and get rested after a long overseas flight rather than making a conncection at the Hongqiao airport which is almost an hour away in the evening . The hotel shuttle bus pick up location is across from Exit 9 / 10 with the hotel name clearly marked on a concrete piller above the eye level. It is a smaller size (Perhaps 16 passangers) bus and it runs every 30 minutes which starts very early in the morning. The bus is also clearly marked with the hotel name. Be careful when loading as the bus was loading on the traffic side of the lane and we have also observed airport maintenance vehicles traveling in the opposite direction. When we arrived at the arrival level , there is a larger hotel bus waiting at the same location but we were told that it was waiting for the airline crews. The driver of the big bus kindly was very helpful and directed us to the proper waiting area. Hotel check-in , bell and restaurant services were great and English was spoken throughout the hotel. The hotel lobby is grand considering it is a stop-over hotel. Rooms are relatively small but is contemporary, clean and efficient and for the price that we were paying, it is a very good value. One of the TV channels provided up-to date flight departure information which comes in handy for the reson why people are staying at the hotel. We ate at the hotel's Chinese restaurant at the balcony level and the food was delicious, especailly the Chinese style steak. There were complimentry breakfast buffet provided at the Western food restaurant on the main level which we did not expect as those buffet could run up to $20 per person. For the room rate of $100 per night for 2 it is a real bargain and the quality of food was reasonable. The airport is undergoing a major expansion which may consider a hotel annex to the terminals similar to that in Vanocuver, Orlando or Hong Kong without the use of shuttles, Until then the Ramada Pudong is an ideal choice after a long filght. It is a upscale Ramada.	
May 29 2005	Best choice at PuDong Airport	The Ramada is situated at Pudong airport so it is a good choice for a late arrival or early morning departure. There is a shuttle bus that runs between the hotel and the airport every 30 minutes. This departs from the airport opposite Exit No. 9 or 10. Be aware that if you get a taxi most drivers do not understand English. Taxi or bus takes about 5 minutes between the two sites.Check in and out is straight forward. The staff are reasonably friendly and speak good English. Rooms are clean and comfortable, some are a bit small. Biggest problem with the rooms is the noise, if you get a room facing the airport there is noise from both the planes and also the road. This is fine if you have an early flight but if you arrived late don't expect to lie in....Food is okay, the Chinese restaurant has a varied menu and the staff are generally very attentive. Check out the basement bar, drinks are quite expensive and it is often very quiet but when you get the right crowd in here it's a scream.	
Mar 17 2005	nice for a stopover	Conveniently located for the airport and the magnetic levitation train...but far from everywhere else. If you go into town ensure that the taxi doesn't go to the airport -and have to add ten minutes onto your journey -but takes the slip road just before the hotel - get the concierge to write it in chinese on the little map on the back of the hotel card. This is a good hotel for a stopover and you can just make it into town for a quick morning on the levitation train and metro, and its an exciting way to see shanghai if you don't have any time.The rooms were a good size -beds slightly on the hard side, but after a long long flight you'll sleep. Staff very friendly and attentive without being in your face. Good value if you have to be near the airport or you have a stopover, probably better to stay in town tho' if you are staying more than one night.	
Dec 15 2004	comfort 	I had the opportunity to stay at the Ramada Pudong Airport Hotel twice over the past two weeks. It's located immediatly adjacent to the airport property, about a 3 minute shuttle bus drive from the terminal. Based upon my experiences on previous visits to Shanghai, the closest acceptable &quot;western style&quot; hotels require at least a 45 minute drive from the airport, so this was a real treat after an 18 hour trip from the US. The executive level floor rooms were very comfortable and spacious. The executive lounge offers free beverages and snacks, and the hotel features two full service restaurants. AT US$95.00/night, including a full breakfast bufet, this hotel is also a very good value.	
Oct 19 2009 	??????????????		
Sep 24 2009 	???????		
Jul 30 2009 	??????		
Oct 25 2007 	Sehr gutes Hotel und klasse Service		
