Nov 24 2009 	Very good indeed!	Me and my father (family owned business) stayed at this Courtyard Marriott for 4 nights this mid november. We got a good rate on Expedia (USD108), which I thought to be reasonable compared to similar grade hotels (150 and up). Having stayed at a &quot;chinese&quot; hotel in Hangzhou, I decided not to adventure again. kept it simple with the Marriott chain.The hotel is very new - it just opened in June, so all amenities and commom areas were very well mantained. Awesome bar at the lobby floor, very stylish, cool restaurant on 2nd floor and a nice gym at 4th (pool too). Location-wise, its perfect - just byGrand Gateway mall, metroCity, a subway station and Papa Johns and Starbucks!! Being a brasilian with an american education, I just loved to re-encounter papa johns pizza again!! And all of this on a 3-5 minutes walk!The bad part is all services are paid - breakfast was not included on our rate, so add another 26 USD and USD 17 for internet. But still, if you are in leisure and just want to check emails, it's cheaper to go to a cybercafe. And for the food, go to starbucks or Costas Café, and you'll be set. However, I must be fair, it's one hell of a breakfast they offer, and for americans and europeans, where breakfast anywhere may be around 20-30 USD, this amount may be just about right - but even though it's very well served, it's a little to much for my brasilian budget (in comparison terms, a nice breakfast here costs around 10 bucks).One short note, there is also a tailor shop right before the inside front door of the hotel. They have this special sale, where you can get 3 custom made shirts for 48 bucks each. I just couldnt hold myself and bought 9 shirts and loved it!!! They deliver in 2 days.In short, I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to people.	
Jul 28 2009 	New pristine hotel super service good price	The service was superb. The staff was plentiful and always available and eager to help. The room was beautiful, pristine, nicely appointed, and had an American soft bed! Apples in the room. The hotel is brand new and spotless. After a month of standard Chinese hotels, and firm beds, I found this to be heavenly. Location is very good. A beautiful 6 floor elegant mall across the street. Subway stop just up the block. Rooms were running about $90+ per night. Restaurant offers western and Asian foods at reasonable prices. I loved the hotel, the staff, the room, and the amenities. The internet is a bit pricey at 120 yuan (about $17) and the breakfast buffet with an amazing array of delicacies was about 170 yuan ($25). So if you and in breakfast and internet, it's not as much of a bargain.	
Jun 28 2009 	I had a great stay at this hotel	I had a great stay at this hotel. I have chosen this place since it was the only international hotel in Xujiahui Area. I was very surprised which product is behind the new Courtyard line. It has nothing to do with the American ones and even the European Courtyards are different. This one is a full service hotel and doesn’t look like a Courtyard.The Gym and the swimming pool are fantastic and the service and food in the Restaurant is casual but outstanding. Especially the breakfast buffet is not what you would expect in a Courtyard, Honestly it is even better than in some Renaissance or Marriott’s I have stayed before. Rooms are ok, not big but cozy. Check in was good and the Service overall tried there best to make my stay comfortable. The bar gave me are good start in the evening with the happy hour and Alan was a great guy and filed up my glass well… I would recommend everybody which likes to have a five star stay for a four star pocket.	
Jun 5 2009 	Big Surprise and fantastic stay	I travelled to Shanghai for 1 day business and four days leisure and was booked in the newly opened Courtyard. The rate was very good and I thought, ok it's a Courtyard, but as I arrived I was amazed. What a great hotel. Not comparable to any other Courtyard's I have ever seen. Full Service Hotel with a great heated Swimming pool and a, I guess, around 250 - 300 sq Gym with the newest cardio etc. This Courtyard is designed following the new style, the friendly bellboy David told me proud. Check in was good, not great but the Lady was very friendly and explained me all amenities of the hotel. Also the MoMo Cafe Concept. I remember something with Modern Eating. Anyway, the restaurant offers a fantastic breakfast buffet with daily changing chef's special like a Breakfast Pizza or Spinach Frittata. Never had that before.. But the Pizza overall is just great!The room size is ok and the room design interesting with a sliding door to separate bedroom and bathroom. I personally liked it a lot. Room was clean.Staff is very friendly and try to do there best to made my stay most comfortable. They have done a great job since they just have opened in February. I definitely would recommend this hotel for any traveler. And thr location next to the French Conssesion is very convenient to visit Bar's and Restaurants. Also inside 5 minutes walking distance are three big shopping malls including IT with four floors.	
May 14 2009 	Good job	The staff in this hotel were really friendly and helpful throughout our stay, my compliments! As a gold member I got access to the executive lounge, which I can warmly recommend for any business traveller to Shanghai. The rooms are not big, but nicely designed, and the bed was great. The fitness center in this hotel is one of the few I have seen in an international hotel that feels like a real gym, also again thanks to the attentive staff. The prices are not yet as high as in some other good hotels in Shanghai, so in all, this hotel is a good deal.	
May 11 2009 	Very Satisfied Customer (Twice)	I have now stayed at the Courtyard twice over the last 3 months and each time have been impressed with the hotel rooms, facilities and staff. I have found the staff to be incredibly friendly and efficient. While the hotel may not be close to the city centre it is relatively close to areas such as the French Concession. For me it is a very convenient 5 minute walk to my office. I will not hesitate to return.	
Apr 20 2009 	Terrible Stay...	We were expecting this hotel to be very nice as it is the 800th one in the world. The renovation was quite pleasant in the lobby, but as soon as we got into the room, it was way too small for what we had paid for. The bathroom was linked to the entrance, some sort of architectural design to make the bathroom seem bigger. This created inconvenience because if one person was in the bathroom, the other person could not leave or enter the room. The bathroom door also had no lock. All we wanted was a pleasant, clean and care-free place to stay, but instead the bathroom design gave us unneccessary inconvenience to the hotel room use. This designis okay if you are staying by yourself, but definitely not for 2 or more people.	
Feb 19 2009 	Disappointed	We checked in the hotel 2 days after the official opening day, however, we still felt the hotel was not ready to open. No hotel directory, no toothbrush and no shaving kit in the room upon check in. I was asking the weather of the day, but they gave me a phone no. to call by myself. What a nice service!!! By the way, the toilet door was unable to open as its stuck on the floor. Upon checked, no sincere fond farewell and even THANK YOU FOR STAYING WITH US. VERY disappointed....	
Feb 1 2009 	brand new courtyard the 800th one in the chain	We checked into the brand new Courtyard Shanghai Xujiahui on 27 January 2009, apparently 4 days after the hotel opened. The decor is very modern and pleasing. The room we had for 2 adults with 2 beds was a bit small and the commode and shower were encased in a plexiglass material. For some privacy while using the bathroom one had to close the bedroom area off with the rolling breakfront. The shower was excellent with a choice of rain shower head or hand held adjustable shower. Bathroom amenities were very nice.The buffet breakfast was served in the executive lounge on the 23th floor. Not sure if this will be the case when the hotel is fully up and running. We enjoyed the coffee and bread and cereal options. Most of the hot dishes were Oriental items, so we stuck with the cold items and were pleased.The staff was gracious and helpful. Nice TV, reading material, computer access and sitting area available.They have a nicely equipped gym and an absolutely beautiful pool on the 4th floor.The hotel is within walking distance to the metro and near 2 nice shopping malls. The Grand Gateway mall across the street is really nice and has some dining options.We took the number 3 airport bus and then a short taxi ride to the hotel - cost 58 rmb for 2 people. Returning a taxi to Longyang rd and the MagLev to PVG cost 150 rmb for 2. These were 2 rather inexpensive options traveling between the airport and the hotel. We found all the staff very welcoming and helpful. They really went out of their way to make us feel comfortable. We were in Shanghai for 3 nights for sightseeing. The hotel is a bit out from the main attractions, but in a city of 20 million is was nice to be a bit off the beaten path. We can recommend this hotel and the staff and think they are off to a great start. Did I mention we were there in the middle of the Chinese New Year Celebration!!! Very loud and colorful, something to see.If you are looking for a nice new hotel with a good staff book the Courtyard Shanghai Xujiahui for your next trip to Shanghai.	
Nov 14 2009 	????????????		
