Oct 11 2009 	A 4-Star Hotel with 2.5-Star Service	Location: It is located outside of “inner circle highway” or of downtown area. One has to take a taxi to go anywhere. Although Shanghai Taxi is not expensive, the traffic jam and unavailability of taxi near the hotel often makes a trip to somewhere become a headache (there is Starbuck two blocks away however). Facilities: The hotel is relatively new. The lobby area is small, because most part used as a bar, with bench against a divider for customers to sit (you get the picture). The room is relatively small, but well equipped (the room we had has a washer). No comments on food (We usually don’t eat at hotel restaurant). Service: Here is the problem. We booked it because it’s a 5-star hotel (actually I found later that some travel sites list it as a 4-star) and expected a 5-star service. First, while there are one or two employees at the entrance, none opened the taxi door or helped with our luggage when we arrived (we didn’t need it anyway). When checking-in, we were told the double room we booked was not available and only twin rooms were available. Based on my experiences, almost all US brand hotels will provide next grade room instead; but not this hotel. Both front desk girl and the manager talked in a polite, but business-like, tone (certainly not a 5-star, or any star, hotel business tone) and were firm about the twin room. Their excuse was all double were booked. Based on my observation later, the hotel was not even half full (It was a Saturday). Since we just had a 15-hour flight and didn’t have the energy to go to next level manager or find another hotel; and settled for a twin room. We moved to Hyatt on the Bund next day.In summary, the hotel’s facilities are a 4-star and the service is 2- or 3-star. If one has a business in Hongqiao, it is OK to stay (but there is a Sheraton near-by). Otherwise, there are so many others available with competitive rate, and much better location and serivces.	
Oct 9 2009 	Basically good	It may be a little far from downtown, but still a good place to stay. Rooms are equipped with a washing machine, which came in handy towards the end of my trip where i wanted to get some laundry done before heading home (so you don't have to do a whole pile when you get back). Rooms are clean and comes with all the toiletries and standard accessories any good hotel should have. Service is generally good. Housekeeping is efficient but knowing how to speak mandarin will come in handy when requesting items from them. They greet you in english but can't say anything else in beyond &quot;Hello, Housekeeping&quot;. When at breakfast, do be warned of a certain young chap who is in charge of the eggs section. Very unfriendly to non-caucasians with a nonchalant attitude. Not a great way to start your mornings.	
Apr 28 2009 	Really great for those traveling in groups	Grand Mercure Hotel in Shanghai had everything we wanted! Eight of us went to Shanghai for the weekend to have a little food tour and we wanted to stay together &amp; not be separated into too many rooms. I know not many hotels offer suites for four people, until I came across Grand Mercure. I found out the hotel just opened in 2007, which meant everything’s bound to be fresh and new. My friends and I decided to get two suites, with four people occupying each room. We were given a suite that had generous space and contained two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living room, a dining area &amp; a fully-equipped kitchen that even had a washing machine. One suite was priced at around RMB 4000.00 for three nights already. It was definitely value for our money. A definite plus is the hotel’s Lv Feng Chinese Restaurant. Since we’re on a food tour of Shanghai, we decided to give the hotel’s own restaurant a try. The food was a bit costly compared to other Shanghai food spots but we were aware that we’re in a 5-star hotel’s dining establishment. We ordered dim sum and a variety of other Chinese dishes and they did not disappoint our group. I compliment the chef for using fresh ingredients and avoiding the usual downfall of Chinese food—extreme oiliness. All in all, our dining experience satisfied us and our tummies. I would definitely go back to Grand Mercure Hotel when I return to Shanghai for another vacation.	
Apr 18 2009 	Good hotel but far from downtown	Decent hotel as I paid around 85.00 a night but taxi ride to downtown is about 7 dollars. Our room had one wall that was peeling wood. Clean bathroom and nice bed. Balcony was not allowed to use.	
Dec 14 2008 	Rooms need an update	The lobby is beautiful! Very modern. But the rooms need an update. It seems like all the money went into the lobby &amp; restaurant. The Bed was very hard. It was a shock to sit on the bed. You actually sleep on a piece of wood and a box spring. There is no mattress. The bathroom is fine and the shower is the best part of the room. You can hear people opening and closing doors all night long. Walls are very thin and if you face the street, traffic noise is annoying.	
Dec 11 2008 	Great Deal	I had two nights stay at this hotel, very nice sleep, the bed was fantastic. Staffs' service was good and helpful.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great place for 2-week stay	Stayed here for work trip with a large group of associates. Overall, nice hotel, with very comfortable room and at a great rate (US$80 / night).Location is OK -- kind of a long walk to the closest subway, but close to restaurants and shops. Relatively central to Hongqiao.Had to put up with the usual strange Shanghai occurrences...occasional strange smells wafting through the hotel, the washer/dryers in the room didn't work, and I was called in the room for &quot;massage&quot; more than once.Staff was super-friendly. Food in restaurant was overpriced by Shanghai standards -- 5 min walk would take you to many better options.	
Dec 1 2007 	Food a Let Down	Service in general is excellent: housekeeping was efficient and friendly except for one room maid who displayed acute annoyance when she failed to understand my request for a tea bag. Concierge was helpful. My room was spacious but although it has a kitchen there is no cookware, crokery or cutlery provided. I find the provision of a washing machine a great asset. I would give them four stars but the food and beverage department needs to lift their game.First, only ONE cup of tea/coffe is provided with the buffet - and the extra charge for an extra cup of tea/coffee is 50% of the cost of the buffet (they explained that it is to discourage people from ordering a coffee and sit there all day; for the same reason they charge for water). The food quality was sub-standard - I was served chicken that was seared on the outsdie and RAW on the inside. The rice congee was lumpy and barely warm (when I complained I was told this is the way they eat it). The service staff was polite but talk to each other over your head across the dining room as if you're not there (admittedly I was the only one there - staying too long, I suppose).	
Oct 15 2007 	Recommanded for groups!!	Everything we wanted!! Eight of us went to Shanghai for the weekend to watch the F1 Grand Prix and we wanted to stay together &amp; not separated into too many rooms. Not many hotels offer suites for 4 until I came cross to this hotel. As it only opened for few months everything was new. Great size suite, over 1000sq, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a living room, dining area &amp; a fully equipped kitchen (even with a washing machine). So we took two suits, each suit was around 4000Yuen (3 nights) = US$530. Great value as it works out only 1000Yuen each for the whole stay. At the beginning, my main concern was the location of the hotel. It is not in the heart of Shanghai, around 15mins away by taxi. The hotel is just off the high-way which takes you to central and we didn't experience any traffic while we were there. Although it may sound far but honestly if you stay in a hotel in town, you will spend more time stuck in traffic on the small streets of Shanghai. Cab fare from hotel cost around 40 Yuen. Another pros is that it is close to the race track... great for a grand prix weekend!! Will definitely go back to stay if traveling in a group again!!	
Jul 18 2007	Very good experience...	I stayed at the Grand Mercure in Shanghai for just 1 night but it was amazing. I only paid $89 for a twin room for me and a friend and its rated as 5 star so that was a good start. When we arrived there was plenty of staff on hand to help us out the taxi and take our luggage. Hotel reception was beutiful with a lovely bar/seating area and bakery. Reception staff were all very friendly as well and spoke good English. On the way up in the lift i found out from the bell boy that the hotel had only opened on July 1st so it was onlyaround 2 weeks old! The room was very nice, it wasnt the biggest room but it was well laid out. We had a flat screen tv, mini bar, microwave, 2 hobs (plus extractor fan) and even a washing machine!! Very unusual for a hotel. The room was basically brand new so that added to the greatnesss of it all. I would highly reccomend this hotel to anyone who wants a luxury stay but doesnt want to break the bank. 5/5	
Nov 17 2009 	???????????		
Oct 27 2009 	??????????…		
Sep 27 2009 	???????????		
Aug 27 2009 	????????????		
Aug 25 2009 	confortable et personnel attentif		
Jul 9 2009 	?????????		
Jul 4 2009 	?????????????		
Feb 22 2009 	????????		
Feb 19 2009 	???????????????????		
