	Worth staying and check out the Harvest Moon restaurant	Initially we were not sure when we booked this hotel and our fears were not helped by the lack of correct inforamtion provided by the hotel on subway lines and how to find them.This was further complicated during our stay as the hotel staff were friendly but seemed to not have much useful local knowledge or the information was wrong. Usually they just recommended taking a taxi thereby passing the problem on to someone else!The rooms in the hotel are large, but the walls are thin so you can often hear your neighbours.We stayed at the hotel twice as we did a brief visit to Xi'an and the hotel allowed us to store our luggage for free which meant we only had to take what we needed for a short trip - which was excellent.On our return they upgraded us to a larger room with a tub. Next to the hotel is a restaurant called the Harvest Moon that is worth checking out.The bar of the hotel also allows you to buy a voucher and then it is all inclusive drinks in the bar - it is well worth it.Breakfast at the hotel is plentiful with lots of choice.	
Sep 7 2009 	optimal business hotel	Location, setup, facilities, prices, all make for a perfect place to do business. great value and excellent food.Each time, we have stayed for a few days and run a number of client seminars in the conference rooms.Staff are great - right out of 4-seasons training, access to local life (even if it; just a walk &amp; ferry to Pudong is adjacent), and the metro is just 4 minutes walk so one doesn't have to use the very variable Shanghai taxis.	
Aug 24 2009	Nice and good hotel	the location is very good, only 100 meters away from the Shanghai Yu garden. Clean and comfortable. The food at the lobby restaurant is specialized in seafood, fresh and delicious!	
Aug 11 2009 	great hotel	What a fantastic hotel,in all aspects.Great location Wonderful staff who go out of there way to help you ,excellent restaurant,why would you want to stay anywhere else.	
Mar 25 2009 	Very pleased as usual!!	This is our second two week long stay at this hotel in Shanghai. We are extremely pleased with the exceptional service and wonderful breakfast, and super accomodating staff. Across the street from the Old City, very convienient and very close by taxi to Bund and other attractions. We will be staying there again very soon.	
Apr 7 2008	Don't bother	I stayed at Yun's Paradise last weekend with 3 other friends. The hotel is below average in almost every aspect: Location: whilst the hotel is located near the Bund and XinTianDi, (only 5-10 mins away by taxi), it is also located at the intersection of a highway. Cars coming only from ONE direction can make a stop at the hotel. During our stay, we took about 4 taxi rides back to the hotel, and every time we had to stop somewhere near the hotel and walked back. There is no subway station near the hotel. Room: the bed is quite comfortable, and the room is of a decent size. However the room is VERY dim due to inadequate lighting. Service: the front desk is hands down the worst that I've ever encountered in my whole adult life. On two occasions I asked them for directions to two famous restaurants in Shanghai. Not only did they not know anything about the restaurants, they also refused to call the restaurants up for me (i had the number), telling me instead to make the call myself. Business Center: when we walked into the business center one night to use the internet, we found two staff member slouching against the wall smoking cigarettes. No wonder the room smelled so bad. I would definitely not recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Mar 12 2008 	Not Paradise but a nice place still...	We decided to try this hotel as the price and location seemed good. In fact, all rooms were freshly renovated and the decoration looked &quot;retro&quot; but gadgets were modern (sensor light switches, LCD flat screen mounted on wall, etc...). Broadband internet was free as in most 3 star hotels across China. The bathroom was not roomy in our piece and we had to use the top of the toilet tank for personal toiletries. We could not ascertain if other room types were better. The location is a little far (by foot) to city center. There was a lot of construction going nearby. If you learn how to move in city buses, it is cheap &amp; convenient: for ¥2 you can reach Nanjing Street, People's Square, The Bund, and once you reach a metro station you are solved! The closest attraction was Yu''s Garden at 5 minute walking range. Service was &quot;not exceptional&quot; and smiles were not free. There is room for improvement but &quot;overall&quot; it was above standard for a hotel in a big city like Shanghai.	
Nov 24 2009 	Sehr gutes Hotel mitten in der Altstadt		
Nov 3 2009 	Estilo "hortera Las Vegas"		
Sep 20 2009 	Tolles Hotel in Shanghai		
