	Found cockroach in the room - Lousy customer service	Had a negative experience staying in this hotel. At first glance, the hotel seems to be good - clean spacious room &amp; bathroom, with good choices of breakfast. However, when I returned to the room on the 2nd night, I found a big cockroach running around in the bedroom. I immediately called the receptionist and they told me they will send someone up. I had to wait for 20 minutes and had to call again to remind them that I'm still waiting for someone to come. The staff did come and she expressed her disbelief. and after looking around, she finally managed to catch the cockroach. No apology was offered by the staff or by the receptionist. As it happened quite late in the night and I was already exhausted, I decided not to demand to change the room and decided to sleep. After my stay, a survey by email was sent out and I voiced out my feedback. The reply that came was addressed to someone else (A Mr XXX instead of my name) and only say the usual thing: &quot;We truly apologize for inconvenience caused and we hope you'll come back and visit us next time&quot; I will definitely NOT recommend for anyone to stay at this hotel unless the customer service is improved. It's really a disappointing &amp; unpleasant experience.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Hotel Lousy Staff...	i'm not sure if anyone encountered the same thing as me... As long as u are yellow and speak mandarin you get a downgraded service attitude from the chinese staff there... well... you'll be disappointed to see your double &quot;queen&quot; size beds... they are just super singles... maybe they can do something about the bathroom... i shared the room with my business partner... i can see her brushing on my bed...	
Oct 18 2009 	Shanghai oct 2009	Great hotel! Nice location, good service, great room etc. Highly recommend for others. Will stay here if I'll come back!	
Oct 17 2009 	Its not luxurious but a good quality Hotel	This was my first stay in Shanghai and for sure not my last! I wasn't sure where to stay, but was looking for a Hotel in Puxi as I was looking to explore the city also at night. I got a great deal at the Swissotel. From Pudong International I took the Maglev train and later a taxi- make sure you got directions in mandarin. If you just have light baggage you might be able to transfer from Maglev to the subway- directly to Jing An Temple. As the Hotel is next to a subway station the location is quiet good. There are some restaurants and a mall as well as the Jing An temple around the corner. I arrived early from Europe, but they haven't a room ready for me, so I took a few laps in their pool to refresh. Even afterwards they kept me waiting until a women from front office recognized that I am still around and checked me in within a few seconds. I got a standard room facing the mall- so no nice view. the room was fairly large and the bathroom comes with bathtub and a separate shower. Internet was included in the room rate and worked fine. I had breakfast twice in their restaurant which was alright, but nothing special. I guess everybody will find something but it won't thrill me to get up early. Breakfast from room service was not on par of a 5 star hotel and they charged me even so breakfast was included in the room rate. Never had this before. The pool and wellness area is well done, but the shower and restrooms are a little dirty. If you are seeking a posh luxurious hotel stay somewhere else- for a relaxed stay in Puxi the Swissotel would still be my choice.	
Oct 7 2009 	A good choice in Shanghai!	Just came back from a trip to Shanghai and stayed at the Swissotel Grand during my six nights there. The location of the hotel is great, near the subway and there are malls and eating places close by, and you can grab a cab easily at the entrance. It's a rather touristy area though, and there is a fair amount of construction going on in the buildings around, as with many areas in the city.Had a long, tiring flight and appreciated the quick check in, the staff communicated pretty well in English and the lobby was nice and modern. Good first impression, made even better by our free upgrade to the premier room. The lift area and the corridor was elegant and of good furnishing, usually a tell-tale sigh if a hotel is worth its stars. The room was good too, not particularly large but spacious enough, with all you expect from a luxury hotel, plasma tv, very comfortable arm-chair and work desk and subtle lights everywhere. I like the clean, modern style, nothing shabby in this hotel, but then again I believe it is a fairly new one. The bathroom was impressive, although the bathtub was a little small and we didn't use it at all. Very nice amenities, and the room was cleaned well everyday. All in all a very pleasant stay at a fabulous rate (less than USD 100 a night!), and would certainly stay here again if I do visit the city again.	
Oct 5 2009 	Very Nice Hotel-Watch the construction	I agree with pretty much all that was in the last review, but my experience was the location was just fine. The subway is right around the corner so you can get to the Bund in 20 minutes.All the amenities are what you would expect in a 5 star hotel, it is very comfortable and service was very good. In my opinion the beds were quite comfortable. One thing I would watch though is, like most of Shanghai, there are some major construction projects going on around the hotel. From the looks of things they will be going for quite a while and the work goes 24/7. So if you are a light sleeper, this might be a problem. But because of this there are some really good deals out there.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good business hotel but not as good for leisure travelers	I had the opportunity to stay at the Swissotel Grand Shanghai for a few nights in mid-September for a business trip. The location of the hotel for my purposes couldn't be beat (3-5 minute walk to Park Place, an office building with various companies' offices). It's located close to several major malls (think luxury stores like Fendi, Tiffany &amp; Co, etc.) that have good restaurants and shopping. The hotel itself is nothing too special. It is pretty new, so the rooms, lobbies, restaurants, etc. have a nice, modern look and feel. High speed internet is available (for a fee, although it was included in my company's negotiated room rate) and worked without any problems during my stay. Bed was comfortable (I had 1 king bed), bathroom was a good size (with separate tub and shower), and all the typical amenities were there (kettle for tea, minibar, 2 free bottles of bottled water/night, slippers, robe, umbrella, toiletries, hairdryer). TV service in the room was pretty good too. A variety of both Chinese and international channels (including CNN, BBC, National Geographics, Discovery Channel, some German stations). Hotel does have 24 hr room service, but I didn't utilize this.Breakfast buffet as ok - not as good as the international breakfast buffets I've had at other high end Chinese hotels (such as Tianlun in Beijing). There was the typical western offerings of eggs made to order, bacon, yogurt, cereal, baked beans, and a variety of regular and sweet breads/rolls. There was also Chinese breakfast offerings including steamed buns (roast pork, sweet bean paste buns), dumplings, congee and a noodle bar (where you choose what you want in your noodles from an assortment of offerings). Beverages included the usual coffee and hot tea, as well as milk, fruit juices (apple, orange, grapefruit, etc) and both hot and cold soy bean milk. Service at the hotel was ok. Not superb, but not subpar, just ok, nothing special. Overall, had a good stay here and would definitely stay here again if I were back on another business trip to the same office. If I were vacationing in Shanghai, I'd probably choose a hotel closer to the tourist attractions (to illustrate, a taxi to Yu Yuan Gardens took about 20 minutes).	
Jul 28 2009 	Excellent value in a 5 star hotel	Very nice suite with sitting room. Excellent service. Enjoyed the hotel and its location. The executive floor offered very nice refreshments and snacks in the afternoon. Breakfast was good too.	
Jul 22 2009 	5 Star Hotel without any service!	In-room dining menu is limited and it took ages for the food to be served. We ordered spaghetti bolognese - definitely the worst pasta we ever had. Club Sandwich was no where near a cafe's standard even. Hotel staff... definitely do NOT know how to smile. i paid for price to enjoy a 5 star standard, unfortunately... they were not able to deliver any. we wrote a feedback form... and NO service recovery was being done! NEVER even think of staying there!	
Jul 20 2009 	Great location and great room with fabulous view!	I loved everything about this hotel, including high tea, the breakfast and the dinners each night weren't bad either. My room had a fabulous view, was modern and everything worked. I loved the small but efficient closets. My only complaint is why a 5 star hotel must charge for internet access when lots of less expensive hotels offer it for free. I guess just one more way to make money.	
Jul 15 2009 	smelly rooms gravestone mattress far away from typical swiss	In a few words, the rooms smell of something weird but can give you a headache. We changed three rooms already but still the same smell. Poor room arrangement as the room is ideal for single occupancy only given that there is no privacy in the bathrooms. Poor pressure in the water and not hot water. The mattress is like a gravestone, the breakfast buffet is average quality and guess what?? the spa treatments are a joke. DEFINETELY not a SWISS experience, probably UGADA like. The location though is fantastic.	
Jun 11 2009 	Excellent business hotel!	Excellent 5* business hotel with great service.The rooms are a bit on the small side with very little storage room. The bathroom has everything you need. The bath tub is redundant as it is VERY small. Even for asian people. Could´ve been used by dwarfs though...The workstation in the room was perfect! A desk with a proper comfortable leather chair. Brett the 20 something shy bartender is very well trained and taught me a couple of things about cocktails, single malts and vodka that I didn´t know. Location is very good. Next door there´s a shopping mall, there are restaurants in the direct vecinity, and you´re about 3km from the Bund. Xian Tien Di, a restaurant and bar area visited by a mixture of expats, asian and western tourists and locals is a 10-15min taxiride away. Too bad they charge (a lot) for internet. 30 RMB per hour or 120 RMB per day. It should be complimentary in business hotels nowadays.	
May 1 2009 	Excellent service clean rooms top rate accommodations	I stayed here for two nights during a busy weekend. The check-in was painless with the staff putting up with my groggy mindset from the trans-pacific jet-lag. The service is impeccable, the hotel was spotless. The floors are card controlled so you don't have to worry about random people wandering the halls. The room service was professional and impeccable. Two issues with the place:1) The elevators go at a very leisurely place for a 5 star hotel2) the cost of wireless 120 RMB/night is bloody murder in a country that the average person makes 100 RMB/day	
Apr 8 2009 	Unexpected gem	I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality and value of this hotel. It is very well apppointed and tastefully decorated. The buffet breakfast included in the price offered a vast array of different food, enough to keep us full for most of the day. The room was spotless and very comfortable and the staff was really helpful. The only problem I saw was charging 15% service fee on the bar ans restaurant bills but otherwise, the experience provided here was an unexpected gem.	
Mar 5 2009 	Not really worth the price ...	I have stayed in many hotels in the Jing An area of Shanghai, and this one isn't really worth the price. The hotel is brand new and very stylish. The rooms have virtually no storage, have easily a dozen light switches that are difficult to figure out, have no privacy in the bathroom, charge for Internet connection (that is hardly ultra fast as they describe in their website), and have too few staff at reception that arefriendly but poorly trained.	
Feb 25 2009 	Nice modern and clean Hotel - Central to all locations in Shanghai	Stayed here for 3 days in February.It was a nice hotel and amenities. The rooms are on the small side - the shower and bath area is amazing.Great spa, pool and sauna and fitness area.Great buffet and food service - very obliging concierge team and easy to get in and out of the hotel via taxis.The experience was soured by some ordinary staff at the check in point - however, a Manager soon sorted them and us out.Overall a pleasant stay.Close to subways and shops and general store for those extra supplies and food. Chemist and Burger King across the road.	
Feb 4 2009 	the perfect Shanghai experience	Swissotel Grand Shanghai is a beautiful, spacious, new hotel in the best possible location for seeing old and new Shanghai. It's considered to have such a positive atmosphere that the Abbot from the adjacent Jing An Temple chose to do a special ceremony there during last week's Spring Festival, and this is hugely important. I experienced the staff as cheerful, helpful, knowledgeable and truly a step above staff in other 5star hotels in china. Remember, this is China, so training staff in western hospitality practices is a new field and Swissotel is getting it right. I enjoyed the lounges, fitness and spa facilities as welcome breaks from the cacaphony of Shanghai; the meals were healthy, varied, and excellent; and business comunication/tech support worked flawlessly. The concierge arranged excellent side trips and entertainment. what more can I say?	
Jan 19 2009 	Top notch facility in need of drastic service quality upgrade	My husband and I stayed at this hotel between Xmas and New Year. We were fortunate to find a holiday package deal that was good enough that I said to Claude that I would be less critical to the service aspect of the experience.And the facility turned out to be great, with chic decor and furnishing, spacious room and an abundance of amenities. At the price we paid, this was an absolute steal.The downside of the whole experience was the service quality, though much as expected for new hotels in China. A couple areas worth pointing out for management cue are as follows: We had breakfast included in our rates, so after 7 days, we had grown from being frustrated to being amused at the lack of professionalism of the breakfast staff. Many were too inexperienced to handle the crowd, and the senior ones had a nonchalant look on their faces. We watched one man's experience ordering a cup of coffee with four different attendants and had to look for the coffee pot on his own at the end. The breakfast experience was bad enough that we didn't think it was worth having just to start the day on the wrong note.The other place I would love to have spent more time but retreated given the lack of courtesy was the fitness center, particularly the young lady in the evening shift. My husband and I were levied this sense of guilt every time we used the facilities towards the later end of the day. Unless she is related to someone of power, I would suggest beefing up her attitude.During the check out, as I expected, unless you watched each item carefully, you could easily lose a few hundred US dollars. All the items that were included in our package were charged as a la carte. Surprised? No. Intentional? Hard to say.All in, we enjoyed spending 8 days in this beautiful and new hotel that is close to many attractions in Shanghai, especially given the price we paid. Would we revisit at the published price without the service seeing a major pick-up? probably not.	
Dec 6 2008 	Excellent Expierence	I recently stayed at this hotel Nov 28-30th (15th floor city facing room, nice view) at the end of my trip through Asia. Based on other reviews I had been delaying my booking of any hotel in Shanghai as the longer I waited the cheaper the prices got and I would reccomend that others do the say in the end I saved several hundred dollars. I was rewarded with an amazing weekend deal that was less than half of the other hotels I was looking at (Shangri-La, Regis Royal Meridian, Eton, Weston) (just over $300 USD for 3 nights including breakfast) with no sacrifice for star class or location. I was actually in the process of booking the Weston when i found this deal. I was familiar with the Swissotel chain, having stayed there in Atlanta, so I jumped on it. This is a new hotel and I found the staff very attentive to our request and the hotel actually exceeded my expectations. Service was excellent, exactly what I would expect at a 5 star. I used the concierge frequently and was happy to report no problems, while i was checking in I had him book me reservations at Jean Georges which was completed before the front desk actually had a room assigned. My wife was very happy with the Chocolate Buffet and the breakfast buffet was good. I will say that of the 3 mornings we were there the breakfast buffet got worse each day. Friday was amazing, Saturday was good and I was dissapointed with Sunday but they might have been saving the big guns for the brunch which we didn't get to taste. The pool was nice as was the steam room and sauna, which was a nice way to relax before our long haul flight back to the US. The room was ultra modern (which i liked but others may have an issue with). The bathroom was lovely, marble especially the shower with the hand held and rain shower heads. As stated before the tub was too small for my large 6'3&quot; frame but its nice to have the option, we used it to dry our swim suits. I was have to agree with a prior review that the glazed glass facing the bed room was not the best design and can disturb someone sleeping if you have to get up in the night to use the restroom, the also have speaker in the bathroom with volume control so you can hear the TV, interesting to say the least. But those are minor. TV was nice large LCD, no HD channels though, which I thought was funny to have such a nice TV and no HD options but that may be China's fault. The location is central and while not walking distance from any one attraction it is central to many and with the average cab ride under $7 to get just about anywhere but the airport (airport was $15 for a 45 min ride). The business cards for the hotel had the address and &quot;Please take me to the Swissotel at the corner of...&quot; written on the back in Chinese which was very helpful. On my next trip to Shanghai I'll be looking at this hotel first instead of last as the combination of price, location, and service can't be beat.	
Oct 22 2008	This is a solid 5 star hotel	After staying at several 5 star hotels in our recent trip to China, my husband and I agreed that the 7 month old Swissotel Grand in Shanghai was the most outstanding. The location was perfect, within walking distance to shopping and restaurants. The buffet breakfast was excellent and the presentation simply beautiful. What made our stay better than other hotels was the attention to detail by the staff. One of the managers was from the U.S.A and really understood our requests, whereas the staff in other fine hotels just politely listened and nodded, not really understanding our questions. This hotel knows the meaning of customer service.	
Oct 13 2008 	Form Over Function	Found a great rate with breakfast for the National Holiday on Swissotel's website where not only was it not possible to book it but there was no phone number anywhere to call in the reservation ! We got it on Expedia and 4 of us spent 4 nights in 2 rooms and were overall very pleased.Beautiful contemporary design with soothing light earth tones throughout. Function takes a back seat to Design here though: -A nice oval desk is fixed sticking at an angle away from a built in credenza just like I thought I would , I walked into it in the middle of the night..... twice. Ouch. -There's only one electricity socket at the desk and virtually no other to be found. For a business hotel? Come on! -Other than the small drawer in each night stand, there was one large drawer for each bed, built in to the foot of the bed. Not convenient if you are older. The small drawer at the bottom of the closet was blocked by the sliding glass closet doors; unuseable!-With a large peek-a-boo glass panel between bath and bed rooms an OPAQUE shade would have been nice instead of the translucent &quot;modesty&quot; shade. So if you use the bathroom at night you are illuminating the sleeping area for your room mate!-Multiple light switches weren't redundant. From the left of the left bed you could turn on/off the do not disturb feature and one room light but the other entry and main lights were operable from the right side of the right bed, where there were switches for the nice designer recessed and night lights. The small halogen reading spot lights are great though!-The bathroom was very well lit with two switches but the onyx which was illuminated under sink was barely evident. Nice design idea though! No counterspace....a couple of shelves below and a drawer for all your toiletries!--There is a glass-over-water walkway to enter the restaurant in the lobby but they had to cover the big rivets running down the middle with yellow safety tape, almost certainly because people were catching the soles of their shoes on them and tripping! How about little plants instead !!!!-My other two gripes: -Twice I had to suggest to the staff at breakfast that, at least (and I love it otherwise) I didn't want to hear and compete with high energy techno music at 730 AM during breakfast !-Internet is $17 a day ..... a small perk they could extend to SwissGold members at least!Despite all this, I REALLY LIKED THE HOTEL !-Though English wasn't perfect the front desk staff was young and attentive. They have bar style stools so you can sit to check in and out. Conceirge was very good. Housekeeping was efficiently invisible, spotless ,excellent ....with turndown.-Breakfast selection was extensive, attractive and very enjoyable.-Roomy bathroom. Tub smallish but shower roomy. They replaced the used bathrobe daily ! Good amenities. -Firm but comfortable beds with a foam and a down pillow and delicious duvets/ linens which were changed daily (Is Swissotel the only chain that doesn't put out those little cards about saving the environment ????)-Good location 1 block from main subway line. Walkable to French concession, numerous restaurants and a couple of malls.-Nice pool (you need a swim cap), gym, and classy looking mens spa area: steam room and sauna (though one day one of them didn't seem to be on), a cold plunge pool, a not-hot-enough multiperson jacuzzi with two nice individual jetted tubs, good showers.My overall experience was great so I will overlook the kooky little design (and web site) flaws. With a Shangri-La about to go up catty corner and several other upscale hotels nearby, hopefully competition will keep this as such good value for the money!	
Aug 5 2008 	Very good option in Shanghai	I stayed at the Swissotel Grand for the second time and for ten nights.As others have rightly pointed out, the position is very good and the introductory price very appealing. My experience was good: nice, new rooms with cool design. The fitness centre and the newly opened spa and pool are spotlessy clean and functional wit state-of-the-art equipment. The food could be better, but this is probably going to improve when the new restaurants will be open.I was actually quite impressed by the service. I arrived at check in at 08:00am and they didn't have a king bedroom available, only twin. When I pointed out that having a king bed was important for me, they had the hotel staff converting my room in a king one in five minutes!!! Now, this is service!I will definitely go back.	
Jul 31 2008 	Very nice.	New hotel, only recently opened. Good location, close to shopping areas. Room was pleasant to stay in, and package included breakfast and free broadband.Overall, a pleasant stay.	
Jun 27 2008 	Disappointed...	Well, well, well. I haven't tried other hotels in SH so it will not be fair to compare. However, I somehow regret not booking another 5-star hotel which I could have given the same price we paid. The hotel is located a little away from the downtown area of SH. But then, SH is so small so it doesn't make much difference to me. In this sense, I quite like the neighbourhood as it is more of a residential area, and certainly less &quot;tourisy&quot;. The mall next to the hotel seems to be quite high-end and the super market located in the basement of the mall was great. In terms of the room, it's okay but not amazing. It just didn't give me that &quot;WOW&quot; effect (unlike another 5-star hotel I stayed at in BJ). Actually, upon checking in, I asked if it would be possible for us to upgrade to a bigger room (just out of curiosity...since my friend needed to prepare for an exam). The frontdesk lady looked at us weirdly and asked &quot;do you REALLY need an upgrade?&quot; Well, I was thinking, isn't it MY decision as I am the one paying? Why question me like that?! The bathroom was alright...just like most ppl have said in their previous posts so I won't repeat. The tub was not appealing at all...just too small to even fit one person.We were fortunate as we didn't have problem with our air-con system. My friend did complain that the bed was a little too hard. Oh~ and a little side story to explain how ridiculous their business centre is. Our mobile got stolen on the last day while we toured the city. We wanted to make a call home when we got back to the hotel but since we have already checked out that morning, we asked the front desk if we could place a call through them and pay for it. We were directed to the business centre on the 2/F and was told that the phones at business centre cannot place international calls!!!! What kind of business centre is this???? We were then RE-directed back to the frontdesk...who then tried to redirect us back to the business centre until I made a fuss! We were eventually shown a pay phone somewhere at some corner of the hotel!!! Boohoo... so again, I agree that this hotel is NO way compatible with a 5-star rating...I happened to visit the Shangri-la during my stay and man, the SH one just can't go wrong...it definitely won't let you down despite my terrible experience with the BJ one. In short, I wouldn't recommend this hotel. I probably wouldn't have booked it if I knew. I am not that bitter since we got a very good deal as we were offered the trial package. I suppose I wouldn't have picked this hotel if it wasn't a new hotel. It just doesn't impress!	
Jun 9 2008 	Did not enjoy our stay	Shanghai – Swissotel ReviewIt is really difficult to know where to begin with how terribly bad a hotel this is but having stayed there for a week I think our opinions can be relied upon;Temperature – You can control the temperature in your room if you can figure how the very difficult air con controls but as for the rest of the hotel it’s like being in a freezer. The air-conditioning is so cold that you need to put a sweater on if you go down for a drink or some food in the buffet or bar. Everyone we spoke to said the same and many people came down with colds as the contrast between the hotel temperature and the outside is so great.Business Suite – Apparently we were staying in the business suite which is ridiculously small and certainly not a suite when compared to the standards of other 5* hotels. It felt small and the desk space was very small. In addition to this the internet hardly ever worked.Internet – After two days of complaining the IT person at the hotel finally said they could increase the speed in our room, goodness knows why they didn’t do this in the first place. As we were there to attend a conference we were there on business but were hardly able to get any done.Bathroom – The bathroom has a sliding door and a big pane of glass. This means if you are sharing or have a guest not only can you see them use the toilet but because the door doesn’t seal properly you can hear them as well! Not a pleasant experience and when we described this to the hotel manager his response was just as ridiculous, first he said it was modern design. Modern design is all well and good but not if it doesn’t meet the requirements and tastes of the majority of you guests. Next the manager said “But this is China” to which we said that we live in China an the only place you can see and hear people going to the loo is in public toilets not something you’d expect in a 5* hotel.Shower – If you take a shower in this hotel, despite reading my review and my advice to go somewhere else then make sure you put the towel down in front of the door as the seals on the doors don’t work and otherwise you will have a flood in the bathroom. One of our colleagues also said that the light in his shower was hanging down with exposed wires, very dangerous.Food – The buffet has good food and is nice when it’s not being frozen by the surrounding air temperature but it’s far too expensive and you’d be much better by either catching a taxi and back to Pudong and eating somewhere with a view or eating somewhere local in the areas around the hotel where the people are friendly. I except that it’s a new hotel but since we have lived in China we have eaten at many new restaurants and never encountered the incapabilities of the waiting staff as at this hotel. It’s usually simple things which make waitresses/waitors make the difference, the staff here often took your plate away before you’d finished your meal and were actually eating and they never came round to offer drinks throughout the meal, you had to catch their attention and as there were so few of them this was difficult.Smell – Having stayed there for a week and the hotel being so new (6 weeks) we were unfortunately the test subjects for the most horrendous smell of man made chemicals that were coming from the paint, the varnish the glues to stick everything together. When we returned everything in our suitcases needed to be washed as it smelt of chemicals and also during our time there we suffered terrible headaches which must have been caused by these new made substances. The headaches disappeared when we returned home.Changing Rooms – We were unlucky enough to stay on a side of the hotel near a large shopping centre which decided to change the air-con system on their roof at 5am in the morning. Whilst this kind of construction work 24 hours a day is expected in China normally hotels make arrangements for this kind of work to either start at a more reasonable hour or fit really well sealed windows. In our case this hotel didn’t, so it felt like someone was hammering at a piece of metal in our room. Subsequently the reception staffs were helpful and arranged for us to move rooms to the other side of the hotel; this was successful in that it was quieter. However we were informed when we checked out, that we had that night free and indeed it wasn’t on the bill. We assumed this was because of the night we had to change rooms as it was that night which was not on the bill. However, subsequently the hotels finance department has receded on this offer saying there has been a mistake and they have emailed to say they have taken the money for the night we had been told was free. They still haven’t responded to my email to the hotel manager to correct this which is basically the best example of how terrible this place was in terms of quality and service.	
May 29 2008 	Good... but far away from excellent	Overall the hotel is good located and near to to the subway (Line 2, Jing' an temple station) and of course embedded in an nice area: very central but far away from the tourist masses at the Bund.As you can read in the other reviews the issue is that the hotel is currently not finished (May 2008): the pool is not open, unfortunately the whole staff is not enough trained for a five star hotel and with respect to the closed shops and restaurants the whole athmosphere is sometimes a little bit lifeless.Anyway, I've never worked for an hotel - maybe this could be &quot;normal&quot; for the first days of a new Hotel- life in Shanghai?! And of course, they offered us attractive low rates for a five star, so overall we had an attractive stay!	
May 28 2008 	Fantastic Stay	We just stayed at the Swissotel Grand Shanghai and it was great. The Hotel Staff is great and very forthcoming. The rooms are very nice decorated and spacious. Location is great just on top of Subway station and next to a great shopping mall with all major brands. Would stay here anytime again as it is fantastic value for money.	
May 20 2008 	Needs a lot of work	This is a hotel where the location is excellent, but the hotel itself is unfinished and the staff need a great deal of training.Unlike their website, the hotel is NOT YET FINISHED. Large facilities, such as the pool, the spa, and most of the restaurants are not yet open and will not be for several weeks at least.However the rates are good, and the location excellent - from Pudong airport via Maglev and metro to Jing'an temple took less than 1 hour or so. It is less than 5 mins from the metro entrance.However the internet is appallingly slow, the rooms are already falling apart in parts and the staff know little or nothing, although they are eager (perhaps too eager) too please.If you want a cheap hotel in Shanghai with comfortable beds, hot water, and a short walk to the metro, then take it. However if you need service, internet that works, a sink that drains, a breakfast where the juice isn't diluted and where the girl can't make you pineapple juice because she doesn't know how to slice it ... then fine.The hotel has only opened the gym and not yet even the changing rooms. However they will give you a voucher for the Hilton spa and gym and arrange a car to take you for free - although it is less than 10 minutes away - and the facilities there are superb.	
May 18 2008 	Rather a 4star hotel	We just returned from a one week stay at the newly openened Swissotel Grand in Shanghai. Overall I can recommend the hotel, we got a pretty good rate for this 5 star hotel. Although, I would have expected more for a hotel this range.Pros: Convenient location close to the metro line 2, close to French connection, nice and modern rooms, lovely bathroom with tub and shower, nice view, excellent breakfastCons: spa and fitness area still under construction, use of business center is NOT free!!!, and the worst we had to complain about is service, service and service. It looks like they want to be a five star hotel, but in fact they don't deserve more than 4 stars.Especially during breakfast, the service was not good at all. You had to ask three times to get the juice or the waffles you ordered. Sometimes the staff brought it to your table but most of the time you had to get up yourself and get it. Lucky you, if they had it ready by then. Also upon checkout, we discovered it not be that easy! The whole checkout procedure took us 35 minutes because they presented us a wrong bill which was 3000 RNB over the amount we booked!! We presented them our reservation but they told us they had higher rates from Monday to Thursday. Four people finally worked on our problem behind the reception without being able to solve it. Finally, we had the manager call in and we ended up paying exactly what we booked. When we signed the bill then, the lady behind the reception told us she forget 6 RNB to charge to the bill. I don't know what to say to this after such a checkout hassle. This hotel does NOT deserve the five stars! Before the call themselves a five star hotel, they have to hire five star staff.	
Jul 14 2009	??????????????		
Jun 28 2009 	Gute Anbindung fairer Preis.		
Mar 18 2009	Super Hotel an guter Lage		
Jan 23 2009 	??????		
Dec 9 2008 	Excellent hôtel		
Dec 7 2008 	??????????		
Oct 25 2008 	????????????		
