Nov 11 2009 	You get what you pay for	This hotel is your standard Ibis hotel located in Pudong. A good 20 minute walk away from the nearest metro station, but it does have two shopping areas next door with good restaurants, Starbucks, Carrefour supermarket etc. It is a long way from the tourist attractions however.Usual Ibis room with tiny bathroom (shower, toilet, basin) and room with bed and desk up against the window. Small flat screen TV with only a couple of English channels (ESPN, Bloomberg and CCTV English channel).Despite other reviews saying the beds are hard, I can say it is not as hard as the bed I've had to sleep on since moving to China! In fact it felt positively soft! However, it is probably much harder than most westerners are used to. I felt a better job could have been done with the cleaning. The shower hadn't been cleaned properly (mould in corners, along edges and around the plug hole) and it got progressively worse over the days we stayed. There was a lot of noise overnight (we were on the 11th floor) that woke me up several times each night - people shouting, car alarms constantly going off and fireworks. The people staying in the room above us were up most of the night as well and I could hear them walking around.The staff were not overly friendly or helpful. There was free internet available in rooms, but in the evening it slowed to almost dial up speed.If you can put up with the noise, distance from everything and things being a bit rough around the edges then this is a cheap hotel in an expensive city. However next time, I think I'd pay more for something in a better location and for a better experience.	
Sep 20 2009 	Excellent IBIS standard as usual	We checked-in at this hotel after one night at White Mansion Hotel (Bai Sha Hotel) and we were not dissapointed with our change of hotel. The room and service were great as usual on IBIS hotels and we enjoyed our stay here. Especially, we appriciated the service level by the staff who spoke English and always were very helpful. But we also liked the district of the hotel , the cleaniness and the breakfast. The hotel is a good choice in Shanghai.	
Aug 4 2009 	OK except lacking in room amenities	1) Cleaniness: room was clean, no complaints.2) Location: located just opposite Thumbs Plaza in Pudong, which is convenient as there is plenty of restaurants and a Carrefour just across the street. It is a little walk to the nearest metro station, but getting a cab is convenient. Thus, location is not bad if you are active mostly on the Pudong side, as cab fares for a few trips to Puxi side can easily make up for the low price of this hotel. 3) Room: the room is small and basic. There is no fridge, no safe, no hairdryer, no iron and ironing board, no tissue, paper cups were provided instead of the usual glass cups, and u have to bring ur own shower gel and shampoo. We did ask for a hairdryer from the reception but were informed for both days we were there that they have all been loaned out. Bed as hard as rock. 4) Service: slightly better than typical chinese hospitality.5) Value: if you can make do with what is lacking and a really hard bed, then it is an acceptable price to pay for an international brand name and clean basic rooms.	
Apr 26 2009	A clean budget check-in check-out hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights due to emergency repairs at my apartment. This hotel was a typical ibis hotel (similar to those in France near the highways). It was surely a budget hotel and had nothing to be savoured by the means of hotel facilities (a check-in, finish what needs to be done in Shanghai and check-out). The bed was clean and comfy but the &quot;sofa/bench&quot; was HEAVILY stained so I kept well away from that. The bathroom was a signature ibis prefabricated module type, had a Grohe shower head and sufficient water pressure. I asked for a non-smoking room, but the front desk replied that they don't specifically differentiate between non-smoking/smoking rooms. Fortunately I stayed in a room that didn't reek of smoke. There was free internet and free parking too.There are great shops and restaurants near by. It’s also very close to the international exhibition centre. I wouldn't recommend this hotel unless you're on a shoe string budget or quick business trip.	
Nov 13 2008 	Very good value clean comfortable	This is a new hotel with the latest Ibis rooms to the standard french design. Small modular bathroom with good big shower. Queen size bed, faux timber flooring, desk against window and small couch and wardrobe. (See photo on hotel website). Free broadband internet with ethernet cable in room. Some international TV stations, inc HBO, Bloomberg and French TV, but curiously not BBC or CNN. The Ibis is located some distance out in Pudong, not far from the Maglev station to Pudong airport. Metro station about 1.5km away (take a taxi), but the outdoor mall- Thumb Plaza is opposite. It has a Carrefour hypermarket and big range of restaurants, bars and cafes as well as Bank of China. Good asian breakfast with limited western choice, but you can get toast, croissants, fruit and coffee for 20RMB. A pleasant bar as well. Good management and friendly desk staff. If price is a consideration and you want a comfortable, very clean international standard hotel with free internet and international TV, then this is the hotel for you in Shanghai.	
Nov 12 2008 	Ok only. But I don't think I'll stay there again.	1. Getting there: Good thing we printed out the name and address of the hotel in Chinese because Shanghai is enormous and the taxi driver would never be able to find this place without the address. Even with the address a few taxi drivers drove right past. We had to point out the &quot;ibis&quot; sign. But the hotel is like, off the main road, down a driveway. So it's not easy to find.2. Checking in: HAHA they don't speak English. The whole time we were there, only one manager spoke and understood English well enough for us to have a coherant conversation. That said, between hubby and I, we do speak a little halting Mandarin and I could definitely say that it was still better than the staff's English.So the check-in was a bit slow. And they gave us a smoking room though we did request non-smoking when we made our reservation. Their response was that the hotel is new so the cigarette smell wouldn't be noticeable. WRONG!! But because it was so hard to communicate, we just bared with it. But NEVER AGAIN.The bellboy showed us to our room. And *shock horro* it was occupied. So he left us in the corridor to find a new room.3. Amenities and facilities: Bathroom amenities were just the toothbrush, unknown brand toothpaste, and some soap and shampoo. Bring or buy your own stuff. Their stuff is probably like the cheapest you can find anywhere. They have free internet downstairs BUT haha I couldn't work out how to work the computer. The typing all came out as Chinese writing!!!Oh yeah, the free broadband in the room for your computer was good. I think that's why I chose this hotel, coz of the free internet. Others were charging ridiculous amounts for broadband.4. Restaurant: The breakfast was RMB20 per person which is super cheap but expect to get what you pay for. Being very unadventurous as far as food goes, I didn't try most of the things there and there really wasn't very much there for you to choose from either. Porridge, fruit, salad, some dumplings (that didn't taste nice) and oily, salty fried noodles. Juice. I only ate there once. It was enough..5. Location. Ok location. There's a big shopping centre across the road. Carrefour. Many restaurants, though I would say the restaurants are kind of expensive there. But to get to the attractions and into town, it was a bit of a hassle. No train within walking distance, we'd take a taxi to the nearest train station. The taxi was about RMB20. Not too expensive. Just a hassle.Taxi to town was about RMB40. Taxi back from town was RMB65. More expensive coz the taxi would have to make a huge round. Take the train to the science centre stop and take a taxi from the taxi stand there.6. The room: Small, with lots of corners that you can stub your toes on. Didn't like the smoking room smell. But I suppose that's subjective, right? Tiny little bathroom cubicle, which I assume is standard with Ibis hotels. The shower leaked a lot of water into the bathroom and so the bathroom floor was freezing cold all night.Overall ok for the price. I paid RMB245 per night. Very cheap for a room in Shanghai. But next time I think I'll stay at Novotel Atlantis or Sofitel Hyland. I ate at both hotels and prefered the locations. Didn't like having to take taxi everywhere.	
Aug 30 2009 	Gut sauber und günstig		
Apr 27 2009 	????		
Sep 13 2008 	Ibis Shanhgai: Verlässliches Ibis-Hotel sehr empfehlenswert		
