Nov 15 2009 	Beautiful hotel compound	This hotel is composed of several different buildings set back from the street in a compound with gardens and trees, so it's very quiet and pretty. Staff and service were excellent and cooperative. They were always ready to answer questions and provide sightseeing advice, though there was one person at the front desk who's English was not up to par. Room was very nice and had a small balcony. While not in the city center, a cheap taxi ride gets you there in 20 minutes or so. Considering the cost savings, it's well worth staying here.	
Jul 3 2009 	Overrated	I think all of the four and five star reviews here are a bit misplaced. This is a decent hotel but nothing special. My room was small and the bed was not that comfortable. The location is far away from the central business area and major tourist attractions and there is no metro within walking distance. The breakfast was OK but again, I've had better. If you want a bargain in Shanghai I recommend New World Mayfair. This place is not that expensive but not very good.	
Feb 15 2008 	Paradise in Shanghai	If you must go to Shanghai, then you must stay at this hotel. Oriental Luxury at an affordable price. I stayed seven days on a business trip and was blown away by the facility. The staff was excellent - very friendly, courteous, and helpful. The rooms were immaculate - I stayed in building two. The ammenities were superb. If you want a quiet, peaceful, gardenlike resort in the middle of a thriving metropolis to relax in, this is the place. There is no doubt about where I will be staying when I returm to Shanghai.	
Oct 20 2007 	Paradise in Shanghai	I’m not going to write about the convenience or amenities of the villas, you can look it up the hotel website I’ve provided. What I’m going to tell you is that of all the international 5 stars hotel I’ve stayed, this one really open up my horizon to luxury and peacefulness in the Shanghai city, and yet you’re only expect to pay the price of a cheap motel of Hongkong. Best feeling, walking down the small road inside the hotel, villas or resort (whatever you call it) and smell the heavenly flower sense, you can’t find it else where in the whole.Thumb up baby.	
May 30 2007 	A quite place to stay	Stayed here for the past three nights. The hotel itself is very nice, especially for the price relative to the big American or European chains downtown (i.e. Hilton, Marriott, etc.). The grounds have lots of trees and green. Room are in one of 7 buildings. I stayed in the main building - room 6122. It is about a 20-30 min. taxi ride to &quot;downtown&quot; but if you have business on this side of the city or are going to the domestic HongQiao Airport it can be convenient. A lot of Japanese live in the neighborhoods nearby so after walking about 10 min. you can find quite a few dining choices, especially for Japanese food. The hotel also has several restaurants on site. Room was of ample size and quite clean. High speed internet is available for a small charge. Service is generally good, but not true 5-star. Still I think this hotel represents a good value.	
Oct 19 2005 	Peacful Oasis	Very quiet business hotel about 30 mins from the centre of Shanghai. Set in its own gardens with a seperate health club pool it comprises of a few buildings centred around the main hotel. A lot of Chinese politicians use this hotel and I don't know if just any traveller can stay here because I came on business and our company has an office in the grounds. Very nice, very quiet but not the place to stay if you want to be in the thick of things!	
Sep 5 2009 	Stadsmanna mässigt		
