Aug 13 2009 	Great building terrible service	We're regular visitors to Sofitel properties in China and parts of Europe. Typically the staff is very well trained and attentive. This place was a disaster. We were transiting through Shanghai for one night, and our reservation was made by a GM from another Sofitel property. After attempting to check in on the Exec floor we were told we couldn't stay on that floor because the reservation wasn't showing as an Exec floor res. That was the highlight of the stay...The lobby staff (concierge) was dismissive and had no interest in helping us. Honestly, this place was SUCH a disappointment it's hardly worth the time to review it...	
Jun 7 2009 	Huge room great service	Traveling with an airline friend we obtained a discount rate of $84/nite for 2 nites which seemed a great value for such a nice hotel. Our room seemed very spacious with 2 queen beds with a large center nite stand and 2 smaller ones on the outer sides, a sofa with coffee table, a desk &amp; chair, closet with drawers and hanging space, and a TV on top of a cabinet that housed a mini-bar refrigerator. The bathroom had a large glassed in shower separate from a bathtub that was about 6 ft long by 3 ft high. Free English language newspapers were available daily at the concierge desk. The lower level has a travel ctr where we booked flts to Xian (charged 4% for credit card use so we went to the ATM machine in the lobby and got cash) and a shop that sells cold bottles of Tsingtao beer. The location is across the river from most of the action but taxis are cheap and the metro/subway is even cheaper and faster. The minimum charge cab fare (11 yuan or about $1.60) gets you to the Science and Technology Museum metro station (anyone at the front desk will gladly write the names of places where you want to go in Chinese so you can show the cab driver - and don't forget to take a hotel business card so you can get back) where the escalator down takes you to a huge underground shopping mall - the metro station is down another level. This mall doesn't appear in guide books but is a bargain hunters paradise - watches, jewelery, purses, clothing, pearls, Tiffany knock offs, etc, etc.. The shop keepers, armed with hand held calculators, all seem to speak enough English for bargaining purposes. The standard procedure is is to show you the price of an item and then key in a 20-30% discount and show you the discounted price. If you're not really interested you shake your head NO and walk away. If you're interested you counter with an offer of about 1/4th the original price and then go from there. I got a pair of Ray-Ban style sun glasses for about $8 and a pair of Bose style ear buds also about $8 (the music out of my laptop now sounds pretty good). I left 3 shirts in the dresser drawer and didn't remember them until we arrived in Xian. Using our Costco intl telephone card we called the Sofitel and they had my shirts - gave them to our airline friend who brought them to me.	
Apr 7 2009 	nice hotel - terrible room-service!!	Just back from a 2 night stay in this hotel and would like to say the rooms are nice - though a little bland. I had a few problems with the air-conditioning (I couldn't make it cold enough) though they weren't bad enough to warrant calling someone up. The lobby is fairly impressive and the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are also nice and quiet.My biggest problem was with room-service and I may have just been unlucky but I would like to give TA members a few tips. If you order the set-breakfast, be sure to state everything you would like off the list, even if you think it should come anyway ie tea/coffee. My husband ordered the omelette and it was so runny in the middle - again this is a personal thing but to some people that would be inedible. Saves a lot of hassle if you tell them before they cook it. I ordered the Chinese breakfast but because I assumed that certain items would come as standard, seeing as they are on the list ie tea, soy milk etc and didn't tell them, I got ONE item off a list of 5!! To be fair I did tell them and they sent up the missing items promptly. To be honest, it wasn't very good!So in all, the hotel is just ok and in an ok spot but if I were paying for it, I would stay on the other side of the river in town.	
Jan 24 2009 	Exactly what you are looking for	This is the second time I am staying at this hotel and I can't be happier. The rooms are spacious and with amazing views on all sides. The roof top panorama restaurant and bar are rotating, so as you sip on your drink (rather pricey I might add) you might enjoy a 360 view of Shanghai. The Gym and Sauna are well equiped and the staff are really helpful. The location is really convenient. It takes about 30 min by taxi from the airport and about another 15-20 to reach downtown.	
Jan 13 2009 	Brilliant - cannot fault it	I arrived here after a long hard journey - and was greeted with a very high level of professionalism. The staff were great.The hotel breakfast was perfect - no complaints here.Room was huge and homely - I had a spectacular view of Shanghai from the hotel room.I had a work related incident where I needed the hotel staff's help. And they did not disappoint - I was impressed yet again by how courteous they were.If you're going to Shanghai and have money to splash - give this place a serious consideration.	
Sep 17 2008 	Loved It	This was our first time in Shanghai and the Sofitel was the perfect hotel for us. It was comfortable (beds a little firm though) and had great views. The staff were helpful and polite, and the breakfast was excellent with a lot of good choices.This was the quietest hotel we had ever stayed in. In the four nights we were there we were not bothered by noise in the corridor, doors banging, or loud people in the surrounding rooms.We enjoyed our stay very much.	
Sep 10 2008 	Rooms with great views	Have stayed here on three different occasions and generally have been pleased. The rooms have all been different, some with baths overlooking Pudong and some without, but all the rooms had great views. The rooms are spacious with very firm beds and all the usual facilities. My only negative about the rooms is that they could be a little cleaner.When trying to find an electric plug socket it was very obvious that the skirtings had not been cleaned in a while and the carpets could be cleaned a little bit better. However, the bathrooms have all been very clean. Unlike other reviews, I have not had any problems with the room air conditioning or bath plugs.The lobby is very spacious and impressive but feels cold and uninviting. The staff do their job well but are not friendly. The lobby restaurant is ok. The hotel is a long one block walk from the subway and a fifteen minute walk from the Science Museum, under which is another subway station, plenty of shops and a few cafes. There is a Lotus supermarket a block away and a few cafes, convenience stores and massage parlours across the road, but otherwise the area around the hotel is of little interest. I recommend using the subway to get to the other side of the river as the traffic can be horrendous, especially if it rains.Definitely, the hotel's best attribute is its views, particularly from the club lounge floor. Otherwise, I was left feeling that the hotel feels cold and clinical, functional but unfriendly.Nice bedrooms and nice views.	
Jul 19 2008	It was alright.....	The Sofitel Jin Jiang was alright..The rooms were nice, spacious, and with a good view. The bathrooms are nice and large. The beds weren`t that comfy. When i went to Shanghai it was about 35c outside, and the air conditioning did not work at all. I called about 5 people to my room but they just kind of looked at me like I was nuts. All the air conditioning does is blow air. It didnt get colder than 24c in my room.The staff werent very helpful. I found them to be more rude than polite. Some barely spoke a word of english, and the concierge didnt either. The only reason I stayed at this hotel was beacuse i went all over Thailand and southern china and i stayed a few nights to connect back home. Plus your looking for something that looks fairly nice and not outragious, but stay at the sofitel hyland if your looking for more of a sofitel experience.	
Jun 24 2008 	Great hotel with amazing facilities and service.	I stayed 2 week ends in a row, due to heavy partying in Shanghai... The hotel is in Pudong about 10 minutes Taxi from the Maglev train station (get the hotel name in Chinese before your trip, so you can show it to the taxi driver). It's also 10 minutes Taxi to Jinmao, and about 15-20 minutes Taxi to the Bund, so the location is ok, even though it's not in the middle of the old or new city. I had an executive room which was fantastic; it was large, well equipped, and clean. The TV could be upgraded to Flat Screen, after all this is a 5 stars hotel. The Bathroom was amazing as well with a view on Pudong from the bathtub. There are also really good amenities, such as a great pool, fitness center and a Spa. Service was really good as well and the food too. Only negative point was the atmosphere, too quiet for young singles, but I guess appropriate for families.	
Jun 23 2008 	good amentities but lousy staff	having been to this hotel twice this month, I experienced the consistent lousy customer service.Booking: I did it online. Among the selection of the hotels in Shanghai, I chose this hotel over its price not because of the location. They do offer attractive price for club room. Location of the hotel: it is somewhat near to PVG airport. if you take the maglev train and taxi, it will take approxmiately less than an hour to reach the hotel. 10 mins walk from the hotel takes you to Lanchun subway station. There are a few good massage parlour and eateries nearby. staff: during check-in, they never address you by name. never smile! when they speak to their staff on the phone, they speak in Shanghainese and totally ignore your existence. During my stays (twice this month), a late check-out was pre-arranged and approved by the check-in staff. Nevertheless, each time, the check-staff did not pass on the message to the staff on the next shift. As a result, miscommunicaiton happened and I was &quot;told&quot; and &quot; reminded&quot; by the assistant manager each time. No appology was offered .Conclusion: if you are looking for a cheap accommodation, this will be the place.	
May 28 2008 	Sofitel Hell	I have had the displeasure of staying the Shanghai (Pudong) property on more than one occasion and I still can't believe I keep going back. This property and the staff in it are a joke. Where do I begin? Maybe with the overly expensive, yet sub standard breakfast that doesn't evolve or change at all. Just the same low quality food at the same time, from the same expressionless staff. The housekeeping/engineering team aren't that much better. Shanghai is one of two temperatures. Hot and cold. And the hotel is the same way. The air conditioning doesn't work at all. Its loud air that blows but it’s not cold nor warm. You call engineering and get nothing but a team of people tapping around and then blankly staring at you. There is no point in calling anyone for help because they don't do a thing. I mean, the bathtub wouldn’t drain. Well after 3 days I finally had to drag someone by the hand to come to the room to deal with the situation. Did they fix the problem, no, they just drained it and informed me not to use it again. The beds in this hotel must be a form of Chinese torture, as they are like sleeping on steel slabs. Of course they look great with white bedding and fluffy pillows. But turn the lights up and the carpet is dirty, and then you realise you are sleeping the next few nights on the equivalent of a barn floor. Now I understand that perhaps the wait staff, housekeeping and engineering may have limited English. But the Bellmen and Concierge shouldn't. They should be pretty close to fluent. And the prices they charge for room service, laundry, etc indicates they are making a healthy profit so if the staff don't speak good English, surely the Sofitel can afford to send them to English lessons with the major markup they are making off of the dumb westeners. Now the reason I have a problem with the bell desk is, myself and two colleagues booked a sightseeing tour of the countryside. Well, it was a day to hell. The concierge happily took our 450 RMB out of our hands. . . but failed to inform us that we would be circling greater Shangahai for 2 hours and 15 mins to collect 6 other tourists!! Then we spent another 2 hours on a bus to get to the destination. Once there we were informed we had to use the allocated public toilet that was absolutely disgusting. This is not what westerners are used too, the toilets were a breeding ground for disease, and the number of people using them surely violated some sort of capacity code! Westererns don't anticipate when they are paying $64 USD for a half day tour that they are going to have to bring their own toilet paper, meals, refreshments on a half day tour! Now of course you can say this is the problem of the tour company, but tell me this. Why didn't the concierge warn us? Tell us to bring water, food, and that it was going to be 4 plus hours til we reached our destination? Huh? When we finally got back in the evening, we went straight to the bell desk/concierge to ask how come they let us go so uninformed on this awful tour, and you know what we got? Blank stares, and no commitment, or responsibility for their actions, and not even an polite acknowledgement that they should perhaps work on their communication skills!!! The Sofitel is simply unacceptable, rude and offensive - AVOID IT if you can!I am intrigued as a leading hotel brand how you are going to register these comments and complaints. I pray you Pudong staff are suffering from a lack of motivational management, and surely this is not your company policy on how to treat guests. . . or is it?	
May 24 2008 	Some improvements required.	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights on business trip to Shanghai. The hotel is clean, something of a plus in what must be the most polluted city I have visited to date. Room was well appointed and maintenance was in good order. I think the hotel falls down in the &quot;charm and comfort&quot; areas with little in the way of nice areas to break out into or external gardens to stroll round. Food ok, nothing spectacular. Not Sofitel' s best effort and I would probably avoid staying here again. A 3 star hotel.	
Mar 27 2008	Fabulous Hotel	Stayed here for over a week and was treated like a Princess.Upgraded my room so i was on one of the highest floors in a fantastic suite with free internet access, laundry service and happy hour (which unfortunately I never had time to take advantage of) and breakfast was amazing.Really good hotel, highly recommended.Gym on the small side, but adequate and pool heavenly.Restaurant on the top floor is expensive but it's revolving views make up for it and the food is superb.Hoping to go back on business this year!	
Mar 18 2008	Good stay at the Sofitel	I had a good stay at the Sofitel. Here's what I liked and disliked about the hotel - Liked - 1) The overall good service and upfront approach by the staff - indicates good solid training at the Sofitel.2) Got a suite at a bargain rate - 1400RMB through the reception desk to upgrade for a small fixed cost. Always nicer to have a bigger room and that too at a good rate!!3) The very efficient concierge desk - solved our queries, made reservations, every day. 4) The temperature controlled and well maintained indoor swimming pool was a delight to use.5) Central location - A 20 RMB taxi ride away to anywhere.Disliked - 1) A suite by nature should be fully loaded with goodies...probably the barest suite I have ever come across in any hotel - in effect just a bigger room and nothing else. Strange!!2) I'm not in favour of the policy of hotels that offer 150 items for breakfast - in my opinon most people eat the same things - cereal. fruits, breads, some hot dishes and the rest either is thrown away, put into cold storage and served another day or forcibly used to cook other dishes - all unsuitable solutions as far as I'm concerned. You can do a meal with a wide variety but lets conserve resources if we canAll in all a good stay and a hotel I recommend.	
Mar 2 2008	Very good hotel	Great hotel. Very modern. Nice restuarants in the hotel but also plenty of options within walking distance of the hotel. Pool and gym great. Rooms were very clean and had a great view particularly from the bathroom. Staff very helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 22 2007 	Close to Airport	It's good that the hotel is so close to the airport, just 5 mins taxi ride after getting off from the Maglev Train Station.but if u wanna go to the city centre, u've got to walk for 8 mins to the metro station n 15mins ride to NanJing East road!so if u gonna go shopping during the stay, it's not a good choice.The hotel itself is good, i stayed in a room with 2 single beds n i thought ok at the very beginning, but after i saw the room configuration with the one with a King bed, i knew that i was wrong...cos' it's far more bigger than the one i stayed!The check-in staff r nice n helpful (cos' they let me havean early check-in at noon)Swimming pool is clean n tidy, but the shower area ...Overall, i would say that businessman r much suitable to stay in this hotel!	
Nov 6 2007 	Although somewhat out of the way a real gem	I offered what I thought was a very low bid on a five-star hotel in Shanghai on Priceline.com and was rewarded a room at this Sofitel. I'd stayed in another hotel operated by this French-owned chain and was quite pleased with this development. On checking in, I was offered an upgrade which, for an added Y400 per night included the standard executive package of buffet breakfast (very nice), broadband Internet, one free piece of laundry per day, an open bar happy hour with ample noshes from 6 to 8 each evening, and a very spacious suite on a non-smoking, upper floor with an incredible view of the Pudong skyline. I've stayed in hotels with rooms smaller than this suite's entrance foyer, which even had its own half-bath. Service was superb throughout. The one potential drawback is that the hotel is not in a major business, shopping or tourism district either in Pudong or in Shanghai across the river. Taxis are cheap, but the drivers invariably offer an unpleasantly thrilling race through dense traffic. Curled up in a defensive fetal position in the backseat of a taxi is not the best way to enjoy the scenery. Fortunately, the Lan Cun Road subway station is a block away down the street running perpendicular to the front of the hotel. (Unlike subways elsewhere, Shanghai's system is clean, new, efficient, well air-conditioned and has lots of signs and announcements in English. The ticket machines are even bi-lingual.) Once I became comfortable navigating myself to meetings around town by subway, I was very happy I had booked myself into this hotel for seven nights.	
Oct 31 2007	Not the usual "Sofitel" service	Below average service, with a few funny soundbites and events that get on your nerves:- went down at 9:45 to have breakfast, wearing the hotel slippers, and was told rather abruptly that this was not compatible with the hotel's dress code for breakfast... Went up and down with proper shoes on, was told that shoes were ok now, but no more breakfast service as we were nearing 10:00...- checked out at 7 a.m. and had to carry my own luggage all the way to cashier, across the lobby, to the porch and into a taxi. Not a soul in sight.generally not very friendly service, + hotel location is a bit far from everything. Room OK.	
Oct 30 2007 	Comfortable bed but not first choice	We arrived in Shanghai at the end of a Typhoon and got to the hotel at around 2:00 am. Check in was efficient and we were allocated a twin room as they only had king size rooms that were smoking rooms. We went to have a look at the king size room but is stank of smoke and was very stuffy so we opted for a non smoking twin and the next day we asked for another room and were alloacted a nice corner king size non-smoking room. No free internet access which was a shame. Across China the less fancy hotels and guesthouses all have free broadband so it is a shame that the 5 star hotels really rip everyone offThe complaint about the hotel was bugs - maybe bedbugs or just bugs in the room but I got bitten all over!The bathroom shaver charger and plugs would not take our toothbrush (fisrt time evr) so we had to charge it in the room on the desk.The hotel was nice but lacked a personality and was very inpersonal. The fruit at breakfast could have been better (ripe) but the fresh watermelon juice was fantastic. Across from the hotel is a great coffee shop and restaurant called Tete a Tete. The food was delicious and menus are in english. The concierge (though very friendly) at the hotel did not know anything about the restaurant which is a shame as it was much better value and choice of foof than anything else in the hotel itself.Easy to get a taxi from the hotel and this is the best way to travel in Shanghai. Be prepared for traffic! Also have your wits about you when hailing a taxi on the street, get pushy and beat the locals at their own game.Go to Haagen Daz on the river, near the bus station and big shopping centre with Lotus supermarket (huge supermarket). Not the branch on the street but on the waterfront - you get amazing views of the Bund, especially by night from here.We had a drink in the revolving restaurant at the top of the hotel. It was very nice up there and the service was fantastic - the view was missing due to the weather.We chose the hotel as we were attending a function the hotel and it was convenient but do not think this would be the choice for another visit to Shanghai. Perhaps the Peace hotel will have finished it's rennovations by then...	
Oct 24 2007 	Excellent Business 	We stayed at the Sofitel on business. The hotel is a five star hotel and close to the convention center where we had a trade show. When we were checking in we were asked if we wanted to upgrade to the executive level by adding in-room internet service, breakfast and happy hour drinks &amp; food on their executive floor 42. It was an extra $30 per night. We decided to upgrade and we were not disappointed. Our room was modern and spaceous. We had a view of downtown Shanghai. The breakfast was quite good. You could have the buffet, which was quite delicious, or have eggs made to order. In the evening after a day of work, it was nice to relax with a drink and some appetizers. The staff was quite friendly and helpful when it came to recommending sites to see or restaurants. We will definitely stay at the Sofitel again whether on business or pleasure.	
Oct 19 2007 	Really nice hotel	We stayed at this hotel while attending the Special Olympics World Games in Sep/Oct 2007. It was recomended to us by our travel agent because it was close to the Pudong Swimming Pool where our son was competing.The hotel is 46 stories high and we had a very nice room on the 26th floor with amazing views. As mentioned in other reviews it is not in the main centre of Shanghai but most places of interest are only a short distance away by Metro or Taxi, both of which are very cheap. Be warned however, driving in Shanghai is not for the faint hearted and it is best not to sit in the front seat if you don't have to. Century Park and the Shanghai Museum of Science &amp; Technology are only about a 15 or 20 minutes gentle walk away. Lancun Road Metro station on Line 4 is a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Metro signs are in English as well as Chinese and the automated ticket machines convert to English at the touch of a button. The Maglev train station is a short Metro journey from Lamcun Road Station although on another line. The hotel staff are all fairly fluent in English and extremely helpful. The consierge in particular was a great help at finding good local restaurants and shops, suggesting places of interest to visit, and arranging tickets for shows etc. The main hotel restaurant and bar is very expensive in local terms but the two private (Chinese) restaurants in the basement are excellent and much more reasonably priced. We didn't visit the revolving rooftop restaurant and bar but understand from other guests that they were very nice. The buffet breakfast has European options but the coffee/tea service was dreadful and our only real complaint about the hotel.Shanghai is an amazing modern city and the Chinese people are very friendly and we would recommend this hotel as a base when visiting the city.	
Oct 18 2007 	Lovely hotel only slightly let down by location	We stayed at the Sofitel for 4 Nights in September after being allocated the hotel by priceline . Having read in previous posts we enquired about upgrading to an executive room on arrival and did so for the bargain price of 230 RMB per night . This entiltled us to a larger high floor room ,which was very clean and comfortable with a stunning view over Shanghai , access to the club lounge for breakfast and evening cocktails and canapes ,free internet access and one peice of laundry per day . This was exceptional value and I would recommend taking the offer.The hotel is located a short 5 minute walk from Lancun Rd Metro station but be warned that the service stops quite early at night (around 10pm) .I would recommend using the metro wherever possible as Shanghai traffic is HORRENDOUS . Our tour guide would not pick us up from the hotel as it would have taken over an hour to get into the centre during rush hour ,for this reason only I have taken one mark away . This is the first time I have stayed at a Sofitel and found that the level of service was above that of its other Hotel chain competitors and I would be happy to stay at the hotel again	
Jul 12 2007	Its not what we expected	When we checked in, we were given a superior room on the 12th floor. Carpet was faded and kinda dirty. Room smells like it has not been use for a long time. Requested a transfer to a better room. Due to misunderstanding, we were upgraded to a deluxe room no charge but not until we had a talked with the asst manager. All front desk staff are nice &amp; fluent in English. There are no shopping center or resto or a 7-11 near the hotel so the only option is to dine inside the hotel. The bfast spread was not good. Congee and some preserved veggies only but no dimsum or soybean milk for chinese guest. The fried noodles sucks. The entrees (ham, bacon, sausage, etc) were few and the wait staff was only 3. Not a good deal for a US$138/room/night/bfast/net. Location wise it sucks, F&amp;B needs a lot of improvement. The interiors, so-so, typical but definitely if this is 5 stars then Shangrila Pudong with be 7 or 8 stars, you know what I mean ?? I wished we'd stayed at Four Points Sheraton instead.	
Jun 25 2007 	Good Place for Business Travelers	I was asked by my company to move from the Four Points Sheraton in Shanghai (where I was originally planning to stay) to the Sofitel JJ Oriental in Pudong. I was hoping I hadn't made a big mistake. It turns out that I hadn't.At the airport, my flight was late and my driver had left. I sought out the Sofitel kiosk in the Pudong airport and asked for help getting to the hotel. They were efficient and effective and I was in a car (albiet for a $65 car ride) within minutes. Check in was quick (which was nice since it was late in the evening) and they asked me if I would like to upgrade to one of their Club rooms for the equivalent of about $25 per night. Of course, I said yes. The Club rooms are higher, and come with free internet (usually about $12 per day), happy hour snacks, one piece of laundry or pressing free each day, and free breakfast on the 42nd floor. $25 a day was a deal!The room itself was small and irrgularly shaped, but the view was awesome. I had a whole wall of windows overlooking the Huangpu River and Century Park. I could see the Cirque du Soliel tents being put up for their stay in Shanghai!The bellman brought my bags quickly which was greatly appreciated. Also appreciated were: free robe to use while at the hotel, cookies by my bedside every night, 2 free bottles of water per day, and free shoe polishing. The people at the Sofitel were very nice. My only complaints were the room service menu (not as nice as other 5-stars I've stayed at in Shanghai), the gym is only open from 6am-11pm, and the district where the hotel is located is not a big commercial district, but rather is residential. Not much within walking distance. Other than that, what a great place to stay!	
Apr 2 2007	Helpful staff good location	The staff was exceptionally helpful. I had arranged for a car to pick me up at the PuDong airport and they sent 3 people to be sure they would not miss me. The rooms are all new and the general decor is excellent. One can pay more and get more elegance, but I didn't go to Shanghai to sit in my room. I cannot report on the restaurants, but some friends reported that the first-floor place was first-rate.With the club-level rooms, there is access to the 30th floor (free breakfast, cocktail hour and free internet connections with 3 computers available. The location is good: next to the People's park and the mall, but about a 10 min walk from the Bund. Lots of beggars around, but they are not persistent or threatening. Rooms appear to cost about $180/night. I suggest dealing directly with the hotel and not the Accor web-site for the lowest proces.	
Jan 22 2007 	good hotel	Nice hotel. Room was spacious and clean. Bed was comfortable.Located in the residiential area. 5 -10 min walk to local shops, restraunts and subway station. (line 4- Lancun rd. station).Take Maglev train to this hotel (50rmb one way, 80 round trip) per person (10 min) . And then taxi to hotel (20rmb)(7 min). If taking taxi straight from airport is about 150rmb and travel time is 45min. TIP: Have map in hand before jumpinp into taxi so driver can't rip you off.	
Jan 7 2007 	Good Hotel	Nice hotel of the Sofitel-group.plus: good view, nice, clean and spacious rooms, free lounge for airline-staff, very friendly hotel-staff, large supermarkt in 10min walking distanceminus: 15min walk to metro (or 1,15 EUR by taxi) - is offside of tourist spots (a new metro station will come by early 2007 in 5min distance), almost no restaurants/fast food around, not much space for clothings in room (only one small wardrobe)we had room 3116 (photos), stayed 2006-10-13 till 2006-10-18due to the location - I would try another hotel the next time, although itself was very finePS: be prepared to very hard mattresses (common in China)	
Nov 11 2006 	Great Service- Beautiful Hotel	I've stayed in several hotels in Shanghai but this was my first time in PuDong. It definately isn't the best location if you want to sight see but as you know if you have been there Shanghai is a very easy city to get around in with very very cheap taxis. I don't know who wrote the bad reviews of this Hotel but they are TOTALLY unfounded. This is a 5 star hotel with excellent rooms, Service, and facilties. The only think that lacked is the Gym but the Spa is great! This is a great Business hotel and I think it will become my staple when I'm in Shanghai.	
Nov 10 2006 	Nice and comfortable but probably won't go back	My husband and I have stayed at the Sofitel JJ Oriental Pudong 5 times this year. The staff is terrific, the Spring Restaurant downstairs in the basement has good food and it not too expensive. The reason we won't be going back, is because every time we go there, the air conditioning does not work and the room becomes so hot we have to go down to the lobby to cool down. It s like a sauna in the rooms. The other reason is the internet is very unreliable, hit and miss. My husband travels there on business and relies on the internet heavily. Although it has started to feel like our second home due to the great people that work there, the room temperature is unbearable.	
Sep 15 2006 	Good average 5star	The hotel is good avarage 5star, i can´t complain about something.The room was quite big and nice decorated. Everything was working . The lobby and the lobby cafe have great atmosphere.The service worked smoothly.The standart breakfast was complete, i only missed a bit more cheese.The recreation facilities were average. Standart sauna and steam-bath. The rest looked quite nice. They also offer a lot of massages, etc.It´s a good hotel for everybody who needs to stay for some days in Shanghai. Its very close to the New Intl. Expo Centre.The best thing was the great room rate. Only about 130$ a day.Couldn´t find cheaper in that class.	
Aug 12 2006 	Wonderful Experience	Prior to leaving for China I read some of the negative reviews but noticed most of them had early dates. It turned out to be a very good choice for my liking, leaving me with the feeling that improvements had been made over time. When you arrive on the property the entrance raises your expectations to something grand as you first walk through the doors; and the lobby was just that. Huge, roomy and sides without walls- all around with additional views from an upper floor. This hotel has a dedicated elevator to the 46 and 47th floors where windows spanning both floors offer quite a view of Pudong. The lovely scattered seating of the 46th floor allow a carefree experience along with the view as one enjoys a favorie drink with friends. The 47th floor is a French Restraunt, but hold on to your wallet. It is pricey. It is much like a private club setting and quite nice. Appetizers and drinks only added just under RMB 1000 to my bill! As stated earlier the lobby is quite an eye catcher. It really sets the mood and expectaions for the stay. Upon checking in I upgraded to the Business Floor so that I could enjoy a private breakfast area, free internet, and comfortable accomodations.For me the bed could have been just a bit softer, but still I will not make an actual complaint as I did find mostly comfort. The layout of the room was nice and the high floor enabled the curtains to remain open so I could wake up to marvelous sunshine, or the wide jaws of a thunderstorm.. as in one day!!While I was there the Spanish Foot ball team arrived to play against China. They had a private party in one of the Chinese restraunts and the staff really worked to give the team a moment without the crowds. The team members were freely avaiable in the exercise rooms however and they seemed to enjoy posing for photos with other guests and staff. Of course, I did not recognize any of them so all I know is that they seemed very personable and smiled a great deal.I arrived the JJ Oriental with a feeling of wonderful excitement and left feeling I could have stayed a bit longer.. Next stop Hong Kong.	
Aug 3 2006 	not the best!!!!		
Jul 16 2006	Pretty good experience...with some problems		
Jun 19 2006 	The best Deal Money Could Buy		
May 31 2006 	Love this Hotel Great Place to stay		
May 25 2006 	Unexpected surprise		
Mar 6 2006 	unpleasant experience not to be repeated		
Oct 18 2005 	I froze in the room		
Aug 2 2005	everything is great but location is sterile		
Jun 26 2005 	Not a nice shanghai surprise		
Nov 20 2004	Very Good Hotel		
Nov 12 2009 	Très bon hôtel		
May 3 2009 	décevant !		
Apr 15 2009 	Super établissement		
Mar 19 2008 	tres bon niveau		
Nov 16 2007 	Un grande hotel		
Sep 8 2007	Vraiment bel hotel		
Aug 25 2007 	Muy buena opción		
