Oct 25 2009 	Nice hotel but to be avoided by tourists	Nothing wrong with this hotel. nice rooms and good breakfast. However if you are visting Shanghai you should not stay there. This hotel is targetted for business travelers who have business there not for tourists. There is nothing to do or see around there. You can walk to the subway (10 minutes) but the ride to Nanjing Road will take an hour. If you take a taxi to the key places in Pudong that will cost you over 70rmb each time. This hotel is not to be confused with the other Crowne Plaza which is also in Pudong but is better located.	
Sep 23 2009 	location is a big problem	Stayed one night here , 15% surcharge, and needed to pay 98rmb for the internet to check emails. There are many alternatives that are much closer to the city.The location is the main problem, The tea and coffee canister was empty which I am sure they would have replenished in no time. The staff were profesional,polite and helpfull. Room was what you would expect, served a nice meal but nothing out side this hotel in terms of food alternatives or shopping that we could find.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice Hotel.... Nice food!	This is a nice hotel, located in a clean area of Shanghai.... A supermarket is 5 minutes walk, as is the metro stop, The hotel shuttle will take you to the riverside or underground market, the bus fills up quickly! Rooms are very large, will great showers! If you want to use the pool bring a swimming cap.... They are very strict about the cleanliness of the water!	
Jun 24 2009 	Great Hotel for Value	My wife and two young teenagers stayed here in two rooms next to each other. The rooms were bright and large for standard rooms. The beds were very comfortable soft not hard as the others we had stayed in during our three city China tour. There is plenty of shopping around the hotel if you want to pick up water or soft drinks during your stay. The Metro is a short 15 minute walk next to the Science Museum. I recommend the Metro for travel it is quick and efficient and will take you to all the tourist destinations for 4 RMB per person. The taxis are great they are real cheap and start at 11 RMB when you get in. We took the taxi one night to YuYuan Gardens for 21 RMB, that's like $3.50. Make sure you tell the driver to use the meter (Fa Bieu). The staff will write down in Chinese and tell the drivers where you want to go. Make sure you have the name of the hotel with you for the return trip. We did not use the amenities offer at the hotel and dined out every night. The rooms are a great value at $136 dollars per night per room. It was still cheaper than staying at a comparable hotel in downtown Shanghai.	
Jun 18 2009 	Some Jewels missing from this Crowne..!!!	When one is travelling to a new country, especially for business everything has to impeccable and done in style.. And, if it's China then a tad bit handy would be a Mandarin dictionary.. Which I didn't carry as a hotel which terms itself as a 5 - Star would live up to those standards..It did somewhere, but faltered too a bit.. It may learn as the wheel progresses.. The catch up line of Crowne Plaza is 'The Place to Meet' - and, yes it does exude a business atmosphere. But, the hotel is located very much at the extreme end of Shanghai.. So, if you are travelling from the Pudong International Airport - be ready for a trip which excites you initially, as you are in Shanghai and every sight is welcoming. But, as you progress and your tired weary self wants a nap - the taxi seat is not the cushion you need..!!Atlast, you arrive and a friendly staff greets you.. A must need to keep your hotel in the niche.. However, some uppity managers may act a bit skeptical although, you have a confirmed ballroom schedule and the business manager has to be apologetic..The rooms are a treat as one gets to soak away their worries and warm their senses in the bathrobe.. As one works on the schedule, breakfast time flies away every morning.. A sleepy walk, but finally a sumptuous and yummy breakfast greets you..The Congee and the Dimsums were my favourite.. The pancakes with honey and maple syrup just melt away.. while braised mushrooms with the unique flavour of China is a must have..Thus, the king-size breakfast sets the ball rolling for the seminar of my company and the staff is really helpful.. Also, the conceirge deserves a pat on the back for the job well done.. But, sometimes the staff doesn't approach the foreign guests as they have a problem with the English.. However, the Hotel lives up to its stature and despite, the distance it is a Place to Meet..Haibo was there.. Who Haibo..? find out.. A blue-fellow who likes to wave a Hi..	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Hotel shame about location!!!	I spent 3 nights here at Crowne Plaza, in December 2008. What a great Hotel!! Friendly staff, very comfortable rooms, excellent breakfast spread, and resonable price rates (about $110 USD)...this Hotel really is good,,,,,,except it a long, long way from Shanghai centre!!Train stop about 8 minutes walk from lobby, gives a 4o minute ride into Century Ave, for 5 RMB,,, thats excellent value. There is also a Hotel free shuttle bus, that I onl used twice, but it took me to the Exhibition Centre, saving a long train journey, or expensive taxi ride, cheers!!Wireless Internet in the Lobby, or pay as you go internet in your room. I would love to stay here again, its just not close enough to Shanghai for me, unfortuantely. However, it does have the train line at the door, and taxis are always waiting to take you as well..	
Dec 5 2008 	Great service and breakfast buffet	Great service. Since we were new to this city, we always consulted the concierge who was very helpful. I love the little extras like at night they turn down the bed and replenish the toiletries and drinking water, and fill the ice bucket. Breakfast buffet has very good selection especially the Japanese section and the live cooking. All the wait staff are helpful with one waitress grilling my fish because she could not find the cook. They are eager to please and yet not annoying.The rooms are not tight and the bathroom is nice and both clean. Pillows and blankets were very nice. They even offer a pillow menu to respond to every need, and no extra cost. I wish wifi or free internet connection, even on a limited basis was offered in the rooms. We enjoyed the free wifi in the lobby though.	
Nov 25 2008	out of the way but nice	My wife and I were part of a tour group to China. We stayed in Shanghai for two nights. This hotel was great. Our standard room with a king size bed was a very good size, very clean and very comfortable. The decor in the room was nice and modern and the bathroom was good as well. It had a tub and separate shower which worked great for my wife because she was able to relax in the tub while I showered. The hotel was beautiful and the gym was very nice for a hotel. It had a number of treadmills/ellipticals and a number of other workout stations that you don't really find in your run-of-the-mill hotel. The pool looked nice although we didn't have time to make it there. This place had the best buffet breakfast out of all the four hotels we stayed in while in China. Being in Shanghai (wonderfully modern city!), this place definitely catered to foreign/business travelers. It's located in the free trade zone and seemed to be close to many business related facilities, but unfortunately very far from any tourist-type places. It usually took at least 40 minutes to get to any of our destinations.Shanghai was a great city though. It was overcast and rainy, which trapped it terrible smog down on the city, but was still a really interesting place. Given more time, I would have loved to explore more. Would consider returning in the future with no particular agenda so that we could just explore.	
Jun 2 2008 	Good hotel not so good location.	From check in to check out the staff were friendly, efficient and polite. All spoke good English, including those in the Windows Restaurant (no doubt named after its big, er, windows!) where the breakfast buffet was excellent and the other meals I had were also very good. It has the advantage of being open 24 hours, very convenient for the jet lagged business traveler going stir crazy in his room at 2am!In contrast to the light and airy restaurant I found the guest rooms to be a little dark and dingy with rather heavy dark wood furniture and dark cream walls- not to mention the desk chair which was a strange shade of orange.Other hotel facilities include a good gym which is open from 6am to 11pm, a pool and two other Asian restaurants.The hotel location isn't great and it is unlikely to be a location you would choose unless you had a good reason, such as business in the free trade zone across the road. However, there is a metro station only a five minute walk away, taxis are cheap and there is a hotel shuttle bus which will take you to markets and malls several times a day.There are better (and better situated) hotels in Pudong and Shanghai but no doubt being slightly out of the way helps keep costs down and with value for money included in the overall experience this Crowne Plaza earns its above average rating.	
Mar 18 2008 	Pleasant Stay	I stayed there for 2 nights on a business trip.Room are really nice, just a tiny problem on the shower as not well designed so water goes out to the floor.Enjoyed the stay and considering the hotel rate was really a good deal.Nice atmosphere and good staff. Loved the breakfast buffet.I'll definately go back.	
Feb 5 2008	pleasant surprise	Went there for a conference so it was a business trip. Hilarious but it was my first time in shanghai and part way through my taxi ride, the driver asked me where teh hotel was!!! ( it was just built a month ago). Hotel was very clean, north american style buffet breakfast was great, didnt really try the lunch or dinner since i was out on the town every day. Room was clean, although shower doors were badly constructed as water just basically dumped onto the floor and by the time you finish theres a flood. Its also out of the way but the city was building a rapid transit station next to the hotel so that issue might be resolved by now. But overall it was acceptable and the price was right.	
May 20 2006	Worst service ever	We went to this hotel due to a flight cancellation. The check-in staff told us the room was being cleaned &amp; come back in 20 minutes. When we came back we were told no room was available. When we complained no one now spoke English( even though they spoke it before) They offered us a room next door to the hotel &amp; as It was after midnight and raining we took it. The place was a dump, filthy dirty, no fridge, no working airconditioning, bathroom tap broken, no sheet on the bed. We will never stay at a Crowne Plaza Hotel anywhere in the world after this experience.	
Aug 11 2009 	???????????????		
