	Above the clouds	Don’t be mislead by the title, my stay in the Park Hyatt is not like walking on cloud 9, in fact you can say it’s the opposite. I am just stating the fact that at being on the top floors on one of the tallest building in the world, it is literally above the clouds. Date of Stay: November 26,2009Room Type: Park RoomUpgrade: noneAmount Paid Per Night: 2,080RMB (300USD) plus taxesReservation Method: Goldpassport WebsiteLoyalty Card: Platinum Gold PassportAirport/Hotel Transfer: Arranged for an Audi transfer from the hotel, I find this the best way in China because sometimes taxi lines are too long and you might be left standing in the cold for at least an hour. Unlike Park Hyatt in Beijing that met me on the Airport Gate itself and escorted us through immigration and customs the Hyatt representative (Park Hyatt, Grand Hyatt and Hyatt on the Bund) was waiting for us at the arrival area outside the customs section.Location: I never liked staying in Pudong because it’s just too far from anything…and traffic is horrendous but with the 2 new tunnels connecting Pudong with Puxi, getting from the hotel to Puxi could be as little was 10-15 minutes. Park Hyatt is on the top floors of the Shanghai World Financial Center, from the ground floor you go up to the lobby at the 87th floor and you take elevators down to rooms from the 79th to the 84th floors.Check-in: Was very fast, we were met at the ground floor and escorted to the lobby and was in our room in less than 10 minutes.Room: Quite large, I like the open feel without making it too open that I loose my privacy like the Park Hyatt in Beijing. The real problem is the huge diagonal pillar which is part of the building’s structure taking up almost half the window view. and it also made the room look smaller because it pushed the day bed much closer to the bed.Bathroom: The bathroom was big, the rain shower is twice the size of the regular rain showers and is inclosed in a very roomy shower area with a big bathtub. Toiletries are from Aromatherapy (just like the Landmark Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong).Bed: Bed was very comfortable not really too soft and not hard either, I have to say it’s just right. The pillow are another thing, I wish I had enough strength to request for additional pillows because those huge square pillows were hard to manage. I literally had to fold them so I could sleep.Breakfast: compared to other hotels in Asia, I have to say the breakfast spread is adequate albeit very limited. But the great thing is where they serve breakfast, they call it Dining Room, and when you enter the place they made a nice little kitchen with cabinetry and stovetop like ones you see at home or condo. you pass through a doorway into the actual Dining Room with a nice view of Pudong.Check-out: Check out was fast and efficient, nothing much to write about it actually, they did apologize for the room over and over but it’s really a bit too late for that.Overall Evaluation: Service is excellent there no doubt on that, I said the same thing when I spoke to the Director of Rooms the following morning after I sent him an email about the diagonal pillar on the room and told him that I am moving to Peninsula across the river. However I felt that as a Platinum member I’m entitled to something more, plus the fact that my membership guarantees the best available room on the category…and I do not think that was the best at that time.	
	Beautiful Hotel Indeed but bad arrival experience	The Park Hyatt is the premium luxury brand of the Hyatt Chain, and positioned itself as premium luxury hotels in same class as Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton. Occupying the 79th to the 87th floor of the Shanghai World Financial Centre, the Park Hyatt Shanghai can boast of being the highest hotel in the world with the fame and novelty to go with it. It is also the most expensive hotel you can find in Shanghai with starting rates comparable to and in most case exceeding the most expensive hotels in Hong Kong. I rarely try any hyatt hotels because my past stays at Hyatts have all turned out to be a total disaster, to the extend that I usually go out of the way to avoid this chain. However, despite my previous several unpleasant experience with the Hyatt Chain, this hotel is generating enough hype that I was eager to give this hotel a try just to see if it does live up to it’s reputation. Bad arrival experienceUnfortunately, from the get go, history seems destined to repeat itself. My arrival experience at this hotel left me unimpressed, unwelcome, underwhelmed and annoyed. On arrival, a bell boy ( which strangely was dressed smartly in tie and suit ) took my luggage bag and I was shown to the hotel’s speed elevator, which whizzed quickly in less than a minute to the 87th floor. The lobby indeed was quite impressive, but the weather was foggy hence not doing justice to the view. The check-in desk seems to be understaffed and there was a queue forming for check-in, not a good sign of a supposedly top-tier luxury hotel. Upon check-in, I told the check-in lady staff that I have earlier requested by email for a room facing west towards Puxi and Jinmao tower which has the best view. I was immediately told this room wasn’t available because the hotel was “fully booked” but I’m sure she did not bother to check. Then I was told breakfast wasn’t included in my room rate ( it was ) and only after showing my booking, then she relented. Next she spend several minutes staring at her computer screen apparently “hunting” for a suitable room (??? ). Finally, I was next told the room wasn’t ready because they have to “put some fresh fruits” in the room first. And I was assured it would only take 5 mins and she will informed me once ready and show me to my room. I was invited to wait in their “living room” which is the hotel lounge. After 10 mins passed, no sign anyone is coming. Frankly, I’m not used to waiting at all for check-in when staying at luxury hotels. If it’s Holiday Inn or even a Hilton, fine, but this is the Park Hyatt. So I approached the front desk again asking where’s my room and was dismayed to find out that apparently, the room was ready a while ago, just that the lady who checked me in left the desk and forgotten that I was still waiting at the lounge. Another staff then handed me the room keys and wish me a good stay. No escort to room or they must have forgotten. Upon entering, the room at first glance was indeed very impressive. It’s cutting edge modern contemporary and remind me of another hotel with similar styling, the Landmark Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong. However, a quick check on the room and I soon noticed significant wear and tear. Worst, the showerhead have ugly brown spots and the bedsheet have some brown stains. Yucks! Totally not acceptable! I immediately called Guest Service to complain and was promised they will send someone to check and clean it soon. Looking around the room, I hunt for the light switches and couldn’t find them ( it was hidden beside the bed ) and I couldn’t find the lights for the toilet cubicle which was very dark. The remote for the TV is hidden so I couldn’t switch on the TV. A lot of stuff are just not very intuitive in this room. Someone should have shown me the room being my first step here. Another 10 mins passed and nobody come to my room yet to attend to my complaints. Also, my luggage wasn’t brought up. It’s starting to irritate me. Calls to guests service several times and they will say “I will check” but it’s a different person answering the call each time, which means I have to repeat the story. Getting seriously annoyed, I started to ask for the Manager on Duty. Shortly after, the assistant manager showed up and apologized, and promptly got the room cleaned and arranged the luggage to be brought up. The duty manager also came to apologize, and offer another room which has a better view and in much better condition ( much less wear and tear ). I took the opportunity to lecture them that since Park Hyatt positioned itself as a top-tier luxury 5star hotel ( and they certainly priced accordingly ), such service hiccups and housekeeping sloppiness are totally unacceptable. Furthermore, as a first time guest, I should be escorted to the room to explain the technology and features, not left me to figure things for myself. Both were very apologetic and said they will feedback my comments to management. The RoomI booked a Park King room which measures a spacious 50-55m2 and decorated in cutting edge contemporary style. Everything feels very zen and there is a great view of Puxi and Jinmao tower. Unfortunately, it was quite foggy during my stay but that was not the fault of the hotel. I particularly love their closet design which has really cool lighting feature and each door can be folded inwards for easy accessibility or covered for privacy. There isn’t much furniture in the room, just a TV, a nice work desk, a day bed by the window and a small side table hence it feels very spacious. All the usual hotel amenities ( toiletries, towels, stationary etc ) are there but kept out of sight, hidden in boxes or behind doors which make the room feel uncluttered but frankly gets rather annoying at times if you are a first time guest hunting for stuff. The bathroom has dual vanity and a separate “wet room” which houses a fabulously large rain-shower and large tub. Strangely, the toilet cubicle was housed in a separate compartment away from the bathroom. There’s also a coffee machine and a safe. The room is also whisper quiet, evident of great sound proofing. One feature missing is a in-room A/V system, surprised the hotel didn’t invested in one. The room features extensive mood lighting, which can be dimmed or brighten individually. Once I figured out the light function, it’s rather pleasant to use. The bed is very comfortable, feature silky smooth bed linens and face the windows. I had a great night sleep and it’s such a wonderfully elating feeling to wake up and draw back the curtains ( automated by the way ) and see the the entire Shanghai city below you.Overall, it’s a very design driven room and indeed very gorgeous looking. It ranks easily as one of best hotel rooms I have ever stayed in. My few complains are the lighting is inadequate in the entrance foyer ( a bit dark and claustrophobic ) and the wetroom keep splashing water everywhere once the taps are on. Also, the toilet cubicle is quirky, with an accompany sink so shallow that I splashed water everytime I used it. The DVD player and iPod dock for some reasons are located at the bottom of the TV cabinet so one have to bend down to access it. Common AreasThe hotel is gorgeous throughout. Everything is cutting edge contemporary luxury and the owner obviously spared no expenses to decorate the place. Clever use of partitions, mirrors and other ingenious design elements transform the place literally into an oasis of calm and a haven of luxury and style. The restaurants follow the same trend, although the 91st floor 100 century avenue is way more flamboyant. The Living Room ( ie the hotel main lounge ) boast the best view of Bund in Shanghai ( provided weather is fine ) and also served drinks and snacks. An excellent place to relax and / or meet guest. Also, it appears that the hotel is the “it place” for well-to-do or new money Chinese to hang around, all of them eager to flaunt their wealth but unfortunately some of them lack the class and manners to go with it. It’s quite common during my stay to see businessman talking loudly into their mobiles or parents letting their toddlers scream their lungs off in the lobby and spoiling the tranquil atmosphere. I really like the food in this hotel and all the food served at all the food outlets are uniformly excellent. I had a quick afternoon snack at the Living Room and had the best tasting spring rolls I've ever eaten. The 100 century avenue restaurant is the highest restaurant in the world and have amazing 360 deg views of Shanghai. It served Japanese, Chinese and western with live cooking station. I had dinner there and food quality is excellent but very expensive. The dinning room serves buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. I find the breakfast good but lack selection. Items like waffles, pancakes are conspicuously missing. Service at both restaurants are attentive. No complaints here. I also visited the swimming pool and small gym at the 85th floor. The pool looks really inviting and with surrounding cabanas it has a very resort feel. ServiceThis is one area where the hotel is lacking, as evident from the arrival experience. Also, there is inconsistent service level provided by the staff. Some are more friendly and helpful while a few acts so pretentiously that they are probably thinking we should be thankful to be staying at their hotel. In particularly, I find the front desk or the reception to be really inadequate, incompetent and snobbish due to my check-in and check-out experience. The need to wait for check-in was particularly unacceptable for a hotel of this class. Also, they appeared to be frequently confused while staring at their computer screen, not sure why.After my strong complaint on arrival, the Duty Managers did their best to recover from the service hiccups including switching to a more pleasant room with a much nicer view. I was also offered a complimentary limo ride to the airport by the Duty Manager as compensation for the “inconvenience” I experienced during check-in. This is a much appreciated gesture since the limo ride was very comfortable indeed in a brand new S-Class Mercedes. But even this, the frontdesk staff managed to be confused over this. Apparently, instructions weren’t passed down efficiently and I was first told the limo wasn’t arranged and they need to reconfirm if it’s complimentary. And strangely, the limo managed to appear at the last minute. Hmm…. English proficiency is another weakness. I could barely decipher their English and end up speaking mandarin to them most of the time. However, this is understandable in China where English wasn’t widely spoken by most people. Another service that isn’t up to task is the housekeeping which I find rather sloppy. I can easily spot traces of dirt and stains all throughout my room, on the taps or any shiny surfaces especially. Once again, hotels that positioned themselves as top-tier luxury hotels like Park Hyatt should deliver rooms which are spotless. Conclusion The Park Hyatt is designed and built to be a distinguished and unique luxury property. Certainly, throughout most of my stay and when things run smoothly, it does delivers a luxury experience befitting the Park Hyatt name and among the best I have experienced. Unfortunately, it does not have the necessary “software” to match the top notched hardware. The service staff, esp the frontdesk needs to improved. Perhaps my bad experience during arrival was an unforeseen and one-off hiccup but I’m judging this hotel based on it’s price and class. Despite the admirable attempts at service recovery by the hotel managers, it ultimately fails to deliver a perfect experience to merit my top rating. I’ll give it a 4 out of 5. Having said that, I will really like to return to the hotel again, perhaps when the weather is better and the view nicer and hopefully they work out all the service quirks by then.	
Nov 17 2009 	100 Century Avenue Rip-Off	I recently took my family who were visiting Shanghai to the Park Hyatt for lunch at the 100 Century Avenue Restaurant. This was one of those very polluted Shanghai days with views largely obscured by a layer of thick haze around the city. We took this with grace. However, we were totally disappointed by the inattentive service from the restaurant's surly staff who lacked basic communicatioin skills and simple manners. When we asked for a glass of water, we were told that we had to order imported water at US$10 per serving. They could not pour a single glass of plain distilled water under any circumstances. In disbelief at this crude attempt to fleece as much as possible from every paying guest, I asked for the restaurant manager who also confirmed that it was indeed hotel policy not to serve dining guests with anything other than imported water. (By the way, local distilled water is safe, easily available and inexpensive. China also has a perfectly good natural sparkling water which does not need to be flown half-way around the world for you to drink.) Still in disbelief, I probed a little further and found out that hot water could be served at no charge. So, strange as this may seem in an international 5-star hotel, our party of 9 were given 9 pots of hot water along with 4 buckets of ice to mix our own drinking water in tea cups. By the way, the food at 100 Century Avenue Restaurant was fresh but unexceptional, and the menu lacked even the slightest hint of imagination. This is a very ordinary establishment who are far more interested in taking your money than offering you a pleasant and satisfying dining experience.	
Nov 8 2009	A great day in Shanghai	We recently spend 24 hours in Shanghai, and had the best time ever; woke up to a breathtaking view of the city from our room on the 83rd floor of the Park Hyatt Hotel. The PH is without any doubt one of the best hotels we've ever stayed in (location aside, as it is in Pudong)Our guide for the morning was a Texan called Spencer Dodington, from a local operator called Luxury Concierge China. Spencer took us on a visit of the French Concession and Bund. Though we are usually not all that much into tour guiding, Spencer impressed us by his passion and deep knowledge of the place. He even spoke Shanghainese. Lunch was in a quite restaurant in the Concession called Art Salon, in the French Concession. The place serves authentic local fare, at a reasonable prices. A very cool venue. In the afternoon, we went around the art district Moganshan Lu where we discovered some awesome Chinese contemporary artists, then moved on to Taikang Lu for some shopping. The evening was simply brilliant; we had an amazing dinner on the terrace at M on the Bund. M is apparently an institution in Shanghai, having been the first upscale foreign restaurant to have opened over ten years ago. The service was impeccable, and the atmosphere superb. We finished off the day with drinks at Bar Rouge, down the road. We had been told that M1NT was the new place to be, but that Bar Rouge was picking up again, and hot these days. We tried our luck, and Bar Rouge was all in flames.What a day! We loved the city, its diversity, its energy, and can't wait to return.	
Oct 21 2009 	Dining Room Restaurant and Living Room are amazing	The view from Living Room at night is mesmerizing! Jin Mao tower looks like a spaceship about to take off.Love this place. Magic!The Dining Room Pantry Supper Buffet is amazing! The food is outstanding, the atmosphere, the wine list...wonderful, and the view is spectacular, with the clouds lowering over Pudong.Service is good and maitre d' hotel was charming. Decor is subtle and understated all through the hotel. Very tasteful.Front desk was sort of unhelpful though. At some point I received a memorized full speech that had no relation to what I had asked (simply asked where the restaurant was)...sort of comical...but disappointing at the Park Hyatt.Concierge was impeccably efficient.	
Oct 13 2009 	high tea superb	we had high tea at the park hyatt and it was fab. Lovely cakes and sandwiches in tranquil unhurried surroundings with an amazing view of the grand hyatt building, the pearl tower and the bund and pudong. It was lovely to sit and watch the sun setting. Money well spent	
Sep 7 2009 	The Best	This is the best hotel we have ever stayed in and we have travelled extensively, usually staying in 5* hotels.The combination of the amazing views, the beautiful room and facilities made this is a real oasis in a hot, busy city. Not cheap, but still good value given the quality.The staff were very helpful. We had one problem which was dealt with efficiently - in fact dealt with so well - that it became a positive.On our return we are trying to see when we can pass through Shanghai again to stay at this hotel.	
Aug 24 2009 	Sheer luxury	I stayed here for my final night of a ten day trip to China, and it was just the perfect way to relax after all the travelling I'd done. The view of Jin Mao tower and the rest of the city from the room is stunning. I was lucky enough to be there on a sunny, clear day and watch the sun go down over the city. The bathroom is gorgeous with a big, deep bathtub, a ceiling installed &quot;rain&quot; shower, full-lengh mirrors everywhere, lovely scented Acca Kappa toileteries. The room has very chic, minimalist design, using lots of white and dark wood panelling. The various complimentary samples are kept in simple, laquered wood boxes. The swimming pool was large and not too crowded when I was there, as was the gym. The staff to guest ratio always seems quite high, giving a feeling of very personal, private service. Room service breakfast was very prompt and well presented. The Western Bar in the evening has live jazz/soul and an interesting choice of cocktails. It was a little quieter than I expected (I was there on a Saturday night, so I thought it might be busier.) Having been to the bar in Park Hyatt Tokyo, that place was a lot busier. Still, I cannot fault the hotel. Wallpaper magazine listed it as joing first place for best business hotel in the world. It's still a relatively new hotel and for a stunning glimpse of Shanghai in the 21st century it can't be beaten.	
Jul 16 2009 	Sleeping in the Stars	I have stayed here twice now on business and will keep coming back. Bedrooms are average size for China, but nice and sleek and modern. The views are amazing! Mine was looking down on the Bund and JinMao tower which used to be the tallest building in Shanghai, I believe. There was plenty of closet space, good options for lighting, free WiFi, coffee machine, big bathroom with separate toilet.The restaurant on the top floor is definitely worth a visit, but maybe just for a drink to appreciate the views. Service was impeccable.Although this hotel is on Pudong side it is easy to get taxis to take you to Puxi side, where there are more options for dining and drinking. If in Shanghai, do check out M1NT. It was recommended to me by the hotel concierge on my last visit. Its a fairly new restaurant/lounge with a weekend nightclub on the other side. On the 24th floor of a building just off the Bund. So the views there are also incredible. I could watch the lights sparkle on my hotel's building across the river while I ate my meal. Food was the best fusion food I have had yet in China, very unique and tasty. Service was excellent, and the entire place is styled with a modern Asian/urban feeling. Seating in lounge was very lush and private, also with the same amazing views. Then there is an open roof terrace to chill out in after your meal. Prices are a bit above average, but worth it for the experience and the views.Back to the hotel, I would highly recommend it.TIP: As other reviews have mentioned, some taxi drivers are not yet familiar with this hotel, so make sure you bring some of the hotel's cards with you when you come, so you can just hand it to the driver (if you don't speak Mandarin, that is!)	
Jul 2 2009 	21st Century China	This fairly new hotel secures China's place with the rest of the developed world. Not to say that China is in any way lagging behind, but the style and classiness of this property is unsurpassed in China. Its scale is small yet grand at the same time. Dining choices are few but well-designed and devised. The simple buffet dinner in the lobby-level cafe, for example, had very carefully selected dishes, which complemented each other. Breakfast was a stylish affair, presided over by their friendly chef (and my fellow countryman).Rooms, although small for an hotel of this stature, are sleek, simple and comfortable, with phoenix-eye views from the top of tallest building in the city. The spa is spartan and the steam room was under repair, but the pool is of a generous size with a magnificent view of the Bund.Enjoy it whilst it reigns as the best hotel in China (and until the Peninsula opens across the river!)	
Jun 2 2009 	Enjoy the highlife in real style	Even if it did not have the stunning views, this would be a wonderful hotel. Elegant and understated in true Park Hyatt style this was one of the nicest hotels that I have stayed in. Lofty bedrooms are spacious and very comfortable. They offer a huge amount of storage space, great lighting, nespresso coffee machine, free WiFi, separate hi tech toilet, fabulous large bathroom with a most impressive large rain shower – I think the most enjoyable shower ever! My room had a breathtaking view of the Jinmao Tower, the river and the Bund. I could have stayed forever!I had a great arrival, whisked up 87 floors in under 50 seconds, friendly efficient check-in, staff at every turn were attentive and courteous.The reception level offers a comfortable Lounge and Dinning Room facility but it is the restaurant and bar complex (the highest in the world) - 100 Century Avenue on the 91-93 floors which really excited. I sampled great service and food. It’s not cheap but so stylish and vibey - an ‘unique’ experience. In contrast, my experience in the Dining Room was actually rather mundane and ordinary.There is a lovely swimming pool and a small gym and Tai Chai lessons are provided free every morning.All in all a very special hotel which I enjoyed so much – at least until it came to check-out which was strangely impersonal, particularly given all the attention I received during my stay. There was no thanks or interest shown and I was charged for coffee delivered to the bedroom despite the fact it was advertised as being complimentary. Despite this I would not hesitate to return and strongly recommend it.	
May 8 2009 	Excellent new hotel just that most taxi drivers don't know of it.	Hotel just opened recently and service is very good overall with a 'butler' on each floor. Rooms are great, beautifully (trendy/modern) designed, and large, and come equipped with a Nespresso coffee/espresso machine. Since the hotel is located near the top of the tallest building in China, views are great also. The rooms are the best part of the hotel. Pool is very nice and large also. Had trouble with the internet and the staff was not that helpful/knowledgeable about that. Not a lot of restaurant choices, however. Location is in the new financial district, but that is on the less desireable side of the river.	
Apr 29 2009 	A top rate hotel experience	A beautiful hotel with beautiful rooms in the tallest building in China. If the air was clear, the view would be fantastic. The service is wonderful, all of the amenities are top drawer. Attention has been paid to the smallest detail.The only negative of this hotel is it's location. While convenient to business offices in the Pudong, it is inconvenient for any of the tourist sites.	
Apr 15 2009 	Exceeded every expectaion..the finest hotel in Asia	We went to Shanghai during a vacation touring Asia. We were booked originally in another 5 star hotel in Shanghai that was.... how does one say it nicely...tired in ambience with an uncaring staff. Shanghai in a simple way is divided like NYC is..with a river separting Brooklyn and Manhattan. The Park Hyatt is in the Manhattan section of Shanghai. The other hotel we originally booked in was in Brooklyn. We decided to check out other hotels and stumbled on the Park Hyatt by accident and we were totally blown away. We only stay in 5 star hotels and out of all of them in the world the Park Hyatt was the best hotel..ever..and rivals the Cipriani in Venice and and Villa D'Este on Lake Como. You have to embrace modern decor as the hotel is done in a very casual Calvin Klein like fashion with the elegance of Armanis style thrown in. The staffs impeccable manners combined with the service from both the concierge and the regular day to day staff and the View from any direction can not be topped. The spa boasts the highest pool in the world and is very calming and serene with a staff that caters to your every whim. If you are a &quot;foodie&quot;...the restaurant on the top floor was out of this world in all ways. The Park Hyatt is a wonderful home to stay in while in Shanghai and if you enjoy beyond superior service...the Park Hyatt should be your choice without any hesitation. The Park Hyatt sets a standart of excellence that is going to be hard to be beat!!PS: Make sure ANYWHERE you choose to go in China is written down in Chinese and English as most of the taxi drivers do not speak a word of English and especially carry the Hotels business card with you so the drivers do no take you to the wrong Hyatt.	
Mar 30 2009 	Best View Ever	This is my favourite Hyatt. I stayed at the Hyatt on the Bund for 2 nights and then Park Hyatt Shanghai for another 2 nights. The room is fantastic! -- very new, very avant garde. There were 2 TVs in the room, one in the bedroom and the other at the vanity area. The rain shower is the biggest that I've ever seen,,,,probably measures 30cm by 20cm, big enough for 2 persons to stand under it. The bathtub is also big enough for 2 persons. The toliet has a motion sensor...when you walk near it, the toilet bowl cover lifts by itself. It also has the functions that a typical Japanese toilet bowl has. The room also comes with an expresso machine. Other than the room itself, the view is gorgeous. We were given a room on the 79th floor, facing the Bund. (The hotel is on the 79th to 87th floor, I think). The bed faces the full length window and hence whilst lying on the bed, you can have a bird's eye view. Mind you, pple actually queue to go up to the top of SWFC to enjoy the view. You won't have to do that if you are staying at Park Hyatt. One thing to note though is that the security is very tight. Before you can enter the building, your bags need to go through a scanner and you have to go through a metal detector. Service wise, I wouldn't say the hotel staff are very warm and friendly. They are polite though...and no complaints about their service...just that they do not give you a very warm feeling. Oh ya, and if you have time, go to the pool and spa area, Lovely day beds...and nice pool and hot jacuzzi. The pool butlers will prepare your daybed and provide you with ipod.Overall it was a great stay and I will definitely stay here again the next time I go to Shanghai.	
Jan 21 2009	Should be fabulous in every respect; wasn't	I give this hotel a 4 (above average), but for a Park Hyatt property, this should be a great disappointment. A Park Hyatt should receive Excellent remarks in all ways -- and this property does not.I booked my room before the hotel opened -- and subsequently had great difficulty communicating with both the hotel and hotel concierge (multiple messages were not returned despite having confirmed the e-mail addresses with Park Hyatt corporate).On arrival, my preferred room type was not available -- though I had requested it months in advance, reconfirming the request on multiple occasions including just a week prior to arrival. (The requested room type had not been promised to me, but the request was made quite early and reconfirmed, so it was disappointing.)The hotel itself is spectacular in several regards: the 91st floor lobby lounge is wonderfully comfortable, plush and discreet. The room and public area materials are top-rate with superb construction. The amenities were terrific: high-quality and plentiful. WiFi was -- as it ought to be -- free, and there were many international electric outlets placed throughout the room.The pool is beautiful and the locker room facilities gorgeous -- though young children were allowed to play in the Jacuzzi, unfortunately. I am told this is against spa policy, so it may be corrected.The room was quiet and wonderfully laid out with stunning furnishings and the bathroom beautiful.Service, which should be a hallmark of any Park Hyatt, was mixed: the staff-to-guest ratio was stunning (in a positive way), but the man- and woman-power was not well deployed. The large number of staff did not appear well choreographed (for instance, it once took three ever-helpful staff members to direct us to the wrong elevator bank to our rooms; you must, oddly, return to the main lobby floor from your room floor before exiting the building). We did not receive turn-down service, despite requesting it specifically (though that should not be necessary).These criticisms might be forgiven as growing pains, though the booking rates are by no means 'introductory.'Note that since the hotel is new, taxi drivers do not yet know where it is (even those with some idea confuse it with the next-door Grand Hyatt). Not once were we able to get a taxi to get us into the hotel's private driveway -- despite hotel direction-cards written in Chinese (with maps).Check-in and check-out were time-consuming and laborious (with a line for check-out), involving several (very polite and earnest) staff members and much copying of documents. Possibly this is a function of mainland China regulations, not the hotel -- but in any event it is not up to expectations.I rate this hotel a 4 (above average) on this site primarily due to the quality of the facilities -- though in terms of my specific experience (which I hope would not be typical for future visitors), I would have given it a 2. It should be a 5 (excellent).	
Jan 13 2009 	Nicest urban Hotel in the World	Most Luxurious and Modern Hotel that exists in any City. It just opened in 2008 so everything is brand new while the staff is well trained to cater to all your wishes. The overall feeling is incredible, from the elaborate entrance on the ground floor to the incredible views from the Lobby that is 87 stories in the air. The sleek Modern style of the Hotel is very tastefully done with smart detailing all over. The rooms continue to impress as they include technology induced toilet seats (that are a pleasure to use), rain like shower heads that drop water from the 12' ceilings, and as assumed a very comfortable bed that of course has breathtaking views. And while you are staying there you simply have to go take a swim in the enormous infinity pool and hot tub on the 89th floor. The multiple restaurants that are all on the 91st floor are another marvel with their great wine selection, fine food, and amazing setting. You can also venture up to the bar on the 92nd floor.The downside is obviously the cost for all this luxury. Depending on the exchange rate and your currency, staying their can add up from the hotel room (I paid $375, which was well worth it) to the pricey food and amenities.Overall I had a wonderful experience that I will continue to rave about and will definitely be staying there again whenever I make it back to Shanghai. If one can afford it or feels like splurging on a nice hotel (as I did), I would highly recommend the Park Hyatt.	
Dec 4 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	I stayed at the PH Shanghai for a week, yes, I agree there were one or two small teething problems, but overall this is a stunning hotel. The new restaurant and bar has just opened and are excellent. The rooms are spacious and well thought out. The service was very attentive and quick.Whilst not as exciting as the PH Tokyo, probably the best in Shanghai right now.	
Nov 23 2008 	Excellent Service and a Great Experience	Given the number of questionable reviews about this new property, I was initially apprehensive about booking my stay here. However, I must admit that my stay overall was a very positive one and I highly recommend others to consider this property. I agree with some of the other reviews that this property is not the easiest to locate. Along with Park Hyatt’s subtle design, this property is not only that, but its also hard to find as the entrance is not easy to find by any of the taxi drivers. Upon arrival, well dressed staff welcomed me to the hotel and instructed me to check in on the 91rst floor. Here are my thoughts about this property.Hotel Room: As a Diamond Member of Hyatt’s Goldpassport Program, I was upgraded to a Park Deluxe King Room. The room was one of the largest that I’ve seen in Shanghai. Appropriately, the staff did not refer to it as a suite. The room was equipped with a 37 inch flat screen, dvd player, huge bath with separate room with toilet. The toilet was hi-tech with an infra-red sensor that raises the toilet seat upon entry into the room. The ceiling mounted shower/bath area is separated from the sink/closet. Restaurant and Room Service: I tried the room service which has a mixed selection of western and asian entrees. My order was delivered within 20 minutes and was tasty. Breakfast was served in their living room lounge and the main dining area. I understand that another restaurant and jazz lounge is under construction but not open during my stay.Spa and Health Club: I found the health club to be very nicely equipped, but a bit cramped and in need of additional cardio equipment. The facilities at both the Grand Hyatt Jin Mao and Hyatt on the Bund are superior to this property. Fortunately, I was the only person working out during the three times that I visited the health club, so I was fine. As for the spa treatment, I had a good visit, but enjoyed the spa treatment at the Hyatt on the Bund much better. The facility at the Park Hyatt is beautiful especially with the pool and tub area. However, I found the treatment room to be a bit small. The staff were great hosts and tried to address my needs throughout the spa visit. Overall, this is a very well designed and exclusive hotel. The staff is well trained, friendly and accommodating. I enjoyed my two stay here and would sign-up for another stay when I return to Shanghai in the Spring.	
Nov 12 2008 	Bad service	First off - I did not stay in this hotel. But I need to write a review here to warn unwary travellers of visiting this place.We visited just this past weekend on November 7th, 2008. A small group of friends arrived for drinks to check out the spectacular view (fyi: it's lights out in SH by 10:30 pm so the view wasn't as spectacular as we'd hoped) since the hotel lobby is perched on the 78th floor of the SH Financial Centre.We were greeted by unhelpful staff at the lounge who informed us that non-hotel guests must pay RMB 100 just to enter the lounge or the bar - I was shocked, I couldn't believe a hotel of this calibre would charge people RMB 100 just to sit there! Anyhow, we were told the bar was full so we opted for the lounge. The only tables available were for 4 but as the seats were just armchairs and we were a group of 5, we asked if they could move one of the empty chairs so that we could sit together. The staff FLAT OUT REFUSED. They simply said they could not move the furniture. Again, I was stunned.Then one of my friends went to the bar to enquire about capacity - this time she spoke in English and we were immediately given a table. Nonetheless, we were still charged RMB 100 per head entry fee, on top of that they did not clean and set the table before they seated us, and we ordered a bottle of sparkling wine which the staff proceeded to fill our glasses with. The girl literally filled our glasses just 2 cm from the brim of the glass and each time someone took a sip she would refill it. It felt like they were rushing us to leave even though there wasn't a line to enter.Wait, it gets worse! After drinks we wandered around the lobby a bit to admire the decor and the whole time we were followed, questioned and even stopped from taking photos by hotel security. It felt more like a high-security prison than a high-end international hotel!I hope the management of the Park Hyatt Shanghai sees this message. We all think you really need to work on your ground staff who are a direct portrayal of your customer service values. As it stands, I've gone from a potential guest of your hotel to someone who would recommend against it.	
Oct 30 2008 	Room is quite big compared to Grand Hyatt Shanghai	I stayed in Park Hyatt Shanghai for 2 nights from 10-Oct-2008 to 12-Oct-2008.I booked a King-sized bedroom and I would say the room is definitely bigger than the same size room in Grand Hyatt Shanghai (which is just opposite of Park Hyatt Shanghai).The hotel entrance is still quite unknown for most taxi drivers and you may need to prepare for some misunderstanding.The hotel lobby is nicely decorated but relatively small compared to other 5-star hotels in Shanghai.Service is not bad imaging this hotel has been opened for less than 2 months.	
Oct 19 2008 	Destined for greatness - but with inevitable teething troubles	My wife and I stayed at the Park Hyatt at the very end of September, a matter of days after the hotel had opened and, we subsequently learned, while it was still officially in pre-opening mode. It was inevitable, therefore, that the hotel would show some teething problems and this certainly held true.The hotel occupies the top few floors of the brand new Shanghai World Financial Centre - an awesome building that looks like a giant bottle opener and which is located next door to the city’s second most imposing building, the Jin Mao - which, curiously, happens to be the home of the Grand Hyatt. Nowhere else in the world can a chain have two flagship properties so close to one another.The Park Hyatt is stylish, understated and ever so slightly mysterious. The reception, for example, is on a level above that of the rooms themselves and the private elevator which serves the room floors is quite separate from that used to enter the property. The place is also guarded like Fort Knox, which may simply have been because it was not yet officially open, or because the SWFC building is presently attracting vast numbers of visitors, few of whom would be welcome in the hotel.Check-in is slick and efficient, but some reception staff appear inexperienced or just new and nervous - and many do not speak fluent English. Communication from the pre-arrival reservations staff was extremely proactive (e.g. an e-mail to acknowledge that I was a Hyatt platinum card holder and asking whether there was anything special I needed) but the communication between this office and the reception staff seemed to be non-existent, as some of these requests then failed to materialise.Rooms are extremely stylish and show off typical Park Hyatt understated luxury, with lovely textures and shades of beige and brown. The large beds are equipped with top quality linen. Our “suite” was however simply an oversized room. Whilst I was upgraded into it, so could not complain, I commented to the duty manager that it would have come as a huge disappointment, had I actually been expecting a suite. One advantage of the suites, however, is that they have a fantastic window-side bath, which the regular rooms do not. They also feature a separate lavatory, off a completely different part of the room - and equipped with a lavatory that comes from the set of a sci-fi movie, with a motion-activated lid that rises as you approach (!) We were told that the bathroom benefited from under-floor heating but this seemed not to be functioning at the time we visited.Housekeeping proved to be a bit hit and miss, which we attributed to the fact that the hotel had just opened. One day our room was not made up until the evening, while on another the turn-down service failed to materialise later in the day.Breakfast was not a five-star experience, which we suspect may also be a teething issue. On one day we were declined poached eggs because the duty chef did not know how to make them (!) while some of the a-la-carte offerings seemed to have come off a hotplate.The hotel’s bar is cozy and enjoys spectacular cityscape views, although we noted that the seats at the window tables are not high enough for these views to be experienced without standing up - a simple design oversight which we feel sure will be corrected in due course. Finally, we were disappointed to find that the “100 Century Avenue” entertainment complex that sits directly above the hotel had not yet opened at the time of our stay. Without it, the hotel was left with just one restaurant and a relatively small bar, which seemed modest for a property of this quality.Overall, I am sure that the Park Hyatt is destined to become one of Shanghai’s most exclusive hotel destinations and will be fully deserving of a 5-point TripAdvisor score. At the moment, however, I only feel able to award it 4 (and in some respects bordering on 3).	
Oct 27 2009 	??????????		
Sep 23 2009 	????		
Sep 6 2009 	Hotel de classe melant Design et sobriété avec brio		
Aug 1 2009 	???		
Mar 16 2009 	???????????		
Oct 26 2008	??????		
