Nov 19 2009 	i loved this hotel	far away from the traditional heavy style hotels around the city.very kind personnel, beautiful stylish spacious &quot;studio&quot; rooms.amazing gym, pool and spa service.very close to the international shopping area and the domestic airport. i will come back for sure.	
Nov 19 2009 	Style and luxury at a bargain price	We booked through expedia and stayed overnight before a return flight to the UK . The hotel has opened recently and some floors are not yet completed. So currently the prices are very reasonable for one of the most stylish and luxurious hotel I have ever experienced! Reception staff are exceptionally courteous and helpful-one even escorted us to a nearby restaurant when we asked for advice. The pool is spectacular. The rooms are large beatifully-designed and open plan with sliding door dividers eg to the window bath. Breakfast was included,and individually cooked.Overall a wonderful experience	
Nov 18 2009 	Fantastic Oasis	Half the world away from the noise, pollution and queue-jumpers of Shanghai is the Puli. From the moment the receptionist said hello I felt able to relax - the staff really made the place, being happy to acquiesce to any request. The rooms are elegant and a modern wonder. Wall buttons control the blinds and window shutters - at the touch of a button the shutters slide away and the blinds roll with it. And the window seat is as comfortable as an old rocking chair. Some might say that the design of the room, with the open bathroom, isn't ideal but for a couple it is fine. Perhaps more of a problem is the building work going around in the hotel - when you leave the immediate area you step out into construction work. The masterplan for the area involves new buildings rising up in the sky all around so best to ask for a garden view room. But there are lots of great bars and restaurants nearby and this is a much better area to stay than the Bund. Oh and free internet in the lobby was supersonic and a real boon - we also stayed in the Peninsula where they charged an extortionate amount for it in their business centre. Not everyone brings a laptop on holiday so free access was great.	
Nov 18 2009 	still has to improve...	I've had a preview of this new property just a few days after the opening and to be honnest, i had been ipressed by the exquisite design, very pure, relaxing and comfortable. The long bar is truly innovative, the pool and spa are like the most serene place to restore your mind after a busy day in this vibrant city and the rooms are large, well designed and perfectly comfy for a memorable stay. If i've had to resume, let's say The Puli is a perfect escape for top design and architecture and if this is your only expectation, you'll be not disappointed...However, as far as i'm concerned, i can't limit my expectations just to design and after a two nights stay at The Puli, i have to say i'm a bit disappointed...First of all, the property is really in the middle of the works and besides, try not to look too much around before to arrive right in front of thhe hotel because it's hard to imagone how a five stars hotel can welcome guests in such a mess full of dust and noise. Anyway, the hotel is still in the soft opening period and you can find very affordable offers but don't expect a nice area for now. However, the location is excellent, very central, close to the best malls of Shanghai and at walking distance from the nicest restaurants.But unfortunately, the messy area is not the main problem... The service itself is not trained enough and i don't think we can say China is not yet ready cause i've had a wonderful service experince at Park Hyaatt and i've waited the ssame from The Puli but it's not the case. Staff is nice but not professionnal enough and they hardly solve problems you could have, there is no concierge and the information we had from the front desk wasn't really good and at the restaurant, they don't inform you how it works cause there is a cold buffet with only sweet dishes but actually, you can order different other dishes from two menus, an asian one and a continental one. Both offer a good selection but the portions are ridiculous and if the breakfast is not included in your package, it can be a bit pricey. Moreover,if the staff at the front desk is smily, it's not the case at the restaurant and i think it's a bit unfortunate in a five stars...Same disappointement about room service...i highly recommand you to go out and eat a chinese snack if you're hungry at night. With my BF, we came back late from Hanghzou and we wanted to have something to eat in the room. We had decided to order a Puli burger but after more than 45 min (which is too long...), we have been extremly chocked by the portion. We even think they though it was an order for a 5 years kid and that's ridiculous. Moreover, our food was bit cold and sincerely not the sexiest burger we had... And as usual at The Puli, a little bit pricey.We had a disappointement as well at the pool which is open until 11pm and all the facilities have to be opened as well but when we went there, just the pool and the dry sauna were available. We wanted to have a steam and a jaccuzi but unfortunately most of the facilities were under maintenance... That's not acceptable from a five stars hotel even if it's still in the soft opening period. But let's say the pool is truly amazing...But this property has a very good potential and the rooms are fabulous, very large and overlooking a charming park by large windows. You'll find a state of the art equipment (flat screen, mobile phone, Ipod station, rain shower, deep bathtub with TV, electric blinds...) but honnestly, the lighting syste is a bit complicated and maybe you'll have to anticipate before to go to sleep. You'll find a free minibar as well as a free expresso machine but if these two very nice details are a proof of generosity, the welcome fruits are not good and so little and same problem in the bathroom with just one bottle of shower gel, shampoo and conditionner and a bit more of generosity would be highly appreciated.An other thing The Puli has to improve is the housekeeping cause on the first night, we came back in our room at 9pm and they didn't came back in the room for the turn down servce. I've decided to call them to inform them and they came right away but it's a bit embarassing and the cleanliness has to be perfect and finding a hair in the toilets is really not a good thing...Finally and maybe the worst problem is the soundproofing and as said an other tripadvisor member, not all the floors are opened yet and it's allready very noisy... But about this problem, i'm afraid nothing can be improved and it's regrettable...But let's give a bit of time to this property to rivalize with Park Hyatt or Peninsula. For now, a lot of improvement is needed and if you plan to stay in this high potential property, your stay will be average and you'll be a bit disappointed. So, better wait until this property will be fully opened and see if The Puli has his space in the world of the Shanghaiese five stars hotels...	
Nov 14 2009 	a great hotel in the making	the hotel is stunning, very stylish and yet quite cozy. great ambience. given that it has only been opened for two months, the service is impressive. not the four seasons calibre but i can really feel that they are trying to make your stay comfortable and i truly appreciate the effort. i love the open space concept of the room. only complaint is the bed is not that comfortable in my opinion, the sheets are not frette quality and pillows not soft enough but i'm really spoiled by the four seasons beds. noise IS a problem though. there are a lot of construction going on so do book the rooms facing the park. there are still lots of noise like people talking loudly on the corridor and you definitely can hear the people moving chairs around on the floor above you. not quite sure how the hotel can solve this. i do worry when the hotel becomes more well known and has a higher occupancy rate. i get up late and the room service is willing to deliver certain items to my room at 1 p.m. and are very thoughtful. even room service the juice are freshly squeezed and the soft boiled eggs done perfectly. would still highly recommend this hotel and believe me i am picky.	
Nov 13 2009 	Expensive mediocre and completely avoidable	I had the opportunity to stay at The Puli in Shanghai during the early part of November 09Overall, while the hotel does look nice, it has currently too many drawbacks that simply do not justify the expense of staying thereThe check in process is very smooth but that is the only positive thing I can say about my stay. Let me start with the room. The room is very stylish and elegant but not really practical. The bathroom is an open concept and once you use the glass doors to block off the bathroom, the room feels a very crampedThe work desk is more like a regular table and the chair isn't ergonomic and be warned if you plan to work at the desk for a couple of hoursThere is a 'free' minibar but it has just some soft drinks and a couple of bottles of cheap beerThe sinks in the bathroom are quite stylish but impractical. All the water splashes aboutThere is only one restaurant on the premises and the meal selection is very limited. So the only option is to brave the language barrier and go out for a meal by taxi. There isn't much in the area unless you walk to the Portman Ritz Carlton, which isn't so far but in the cold, can be an aggravating walkIn addition, the service at the restaurant needs huge improvement. On day 1, I arrived at the restaurant for breakfast at 6:15am, only to be turned away with the statement 'we open only at 6:30'. On day 2, suitably chastised, I arrived at 6:45 am. I was the only person in the restaurant. Despite that, it took over 15 minutes to get my omlette and it was cooked wrong. When I sent it back, it took another 20 minutes to return. All in all, 35 minutes for an omlette for the only customer in the restaurantThe room service menu is a bit larger in variety but be warned, the portions would leave even an anorexic hungryAnd yes, a final warning. This hotel does not have a money changer's license yet. So they can not change any money for you. The closest place therefore to get money post 5pm is the airport (an hour away). Seriously, that was what the front desk statedAll in all, a pretty hotel but at those rates, I'd rather stay at the Four Seasons or even The Portman Ritz Carlton	
Oct 28 2009 	The PuLi - five years in the making	Finally this urban resort nestled between Jing An Park and the elevated Yan An highway in bustling Shanghai threw open its doors to the public just a few weeks ago. And first impression is…the delayed launch was well worth it! What was initially designed as an &quot;Exclusive&quot; property with club-like access to its F&amp;B outlets solely by residents was altered to welcome non-residents as well. Some of that feel still filters through with the walled garden environment surrounding the hotel and Club floors between levels 20 and 26 that suggest you are part of a select crowd.Managed by Urban Resorts Concepts, The PuLi is a member of the prestigious Leading Hotels of the World. It claims to be proudly traditional, distinctly modern. Interesting description. The PuLi was designed to be an oasis in the middle of the city. And it felt just that. It was really hard to find (a blessing perhaps) without a GPS navigator. (GPS reference: 31°13&quot;23&quot;N, 121°26&quot;39E Google Maps).The grey slate walls and bamboo trees lining the perimeter give an air of wonderful anonymity and emanate an almost zen-like feel as you enter the property.The lobby epitomizes the concept of lobby socializing where along one wall is a really l-o-n-g bar that is multi-purpose in design and operation. It’s a bar, a service counter and a Reception Desk in one. The rest of the area is made up of comfy lounge chairs, works of art and the floor to ceiling library complete with a diverse mix of books.The Reception counter is the first I’ve encountered that only uses Mac Books for workstations – there are 5 of them – black color and each one equipped with a Logitech Trackman Wheel mouse. Standing back and looking at the counter enveloped in dim lights, the illuminated and distinctive Apple logo on the back of the computer’s lid stood out. The symbol of cool, the Apple brand, was everywhere! I spotted at least five MAC users among the guests using the complimentary Wi-Fi in the lobby area. The Library is also home to an iMAC. Lucky I’m a MAC fanboy! A Speedtest of the Wi-Fi resulted in a 9Mb download speed and 10Mb upload speed – impressive.Inside the wood floored and stone walled guestroom, you will find plenty to keep you entertained, hydrated and comfortable.Fortunately, or unfortunately – this property has direct sunlight (even on a typical overcast Shanghai day). And if you like this kind of ambience, once you sit in the in-window sofa – you might be as well be in heaven. However, the direct sunlight brings a heating/cooling issue – so if you find the room a tad warm like I did, a quick flick of the switch labeled &quot;blinds&quot;, will instantly diffuse the light, and help cool the room down. Incidentally, it would have been a nice touch if the Receptionist &quot;Jimmy&quot; who escorted me to the room pointed out that the blinds could be closed for added comfort. I just wonder if Housekeeping partially close the window blinds after cleaning the empty room so as to help lower cooling costs?As dusk descended, the lights of Shanghai came alive from the surrounding buildings and passing cars.As is becoming commonplace in this type of property, there is a Nespresso Essenza coffee machine along with a few capsules. They were color-coded on the machines&quot; easy to follow operating instructions. A selection of organic teas included my new-found favorite – Chamomile Citrus. What a treat! The mini bar is free (filled with soft drinks, beer and juices – refilled once a day) and also a carton of fresh milk. A small bowl of fruit was provided (green apple, orange and kiwi – sadly no banana) along with some delightful chocolates. This was accompanied by a glass cloche-covered plate of delicious Brie cheese, cookies and half a fresh fig.The small bottle of 2004 Cotes Du Rhone will be a takeaway to be savored another day. The room had 8 bottles of distilled water (4 of which were pre-chilled in the fridge) – a great thought. However a more environmentally -friendly combination could have been one large bottle to pour and 4 small ones as back-up. One other pleasing touch would have been for Jimmy who took me to my room, to have offered to make me a coffee.It is important to note that this is the first hotel I have stayed where there is no phone in the toilet – only a power socket. Intriguing. They certainly future-proofed this room - there are 18 empty power sockets for you to choose from!The bathroom/bedroom are really as one, with a divider behind the bed, and sliding glass doors to give you that extra privacy, if needed. The big bath sits under the window, and is very inviting especially with the TV in front of it and side views of the city. There are two Villeroy &amp; Boch pedestal washbasins with joystick-like water control, and beside each one is a multi-function shaver socket and power socket for your BYO items, or to plug in the supplied Vidal Sasoon hairdryer.At each side of the double bed, above the nightstand, there are switches to control the lights, and two international power sockets for you to use. Below, the unit there is one more.Close by the bed is a Bose Wave radio with illuminated clock (handy to view at night) that has a CD inside labeled &quot;PuLi music&quot; – it had but one 4-minute track on it (ITunes [perhaps mistakenly] interpreted the title as: Ride &amp; Shake - MONSTER GRIP - Liquor Store Slaps) – which is the same background music playing on the ISTV system when you enter the room. Would have liked more tracks of this type of music. The room compendium is in the same rack and contains the &quot;Take Home Menu&quot; – a.k.a. Room Service.Inside one of the many cupboards, is a DVD player, and adjacent to it, a TECHNOLOGY KIT complete with four cables – VGA, Ethernet (although there&quot;s free Wi-Fi), RCA cables, and a male-male 3.5mm audio cable. Enough for the great majority of travelling folks, and the box has good illustrations and details how to use them all. Another cupboard houses the safe which is a good size and contains not only a power socket so you can charge your laptop, cell phone or camera, but also a light to see those all important diamond stud earrings. I could not find a torch.The desk sits beside of one of the windows, and the view is either over the highway below, or the 32&quot; Sharp Aquos LCD TV – which incidentally is mounted on a pull out swing bracket allowing easy viewing from almost anywhere in the room including the toilet cubicle providing you don&quot;t mind the lack of privacy by leaving the door open. There&quot;s some good functionality on the TV such as weather, World Clock, flight arrivals and departures, City info and Currency Exchange rates. You can also find Hotel info along with some movies and music on demand.Opening the desk drawer reveals a varied selection of stationery supplies and an elegant ballpoint pen. This is the second hotel I’ve encountered in as many weeks that have stocked-up on pens that are consistent with the image the hotel wants to project. It came with a black color pencil made from recycled newspapers and magazines whose days, I fear, with the release of eBook readers, are numbered. More on that subject another time.Beside the desk are more power sockets and receptacles to plug in all your gizmos using the cables supplied in the Technology kit. Some may find it a tad low but the hotel had design issues that needed to be addressed. I still think it works. Unlike many hotel rooms these days there is just one phone by the bed (Alcatel), and to be honest, I’m not sure that the average traveler needs more when most now prefer to use their mobiles. The hotel also provides a mobile phone that can be used in-room or anywhere in Shanghai – so you are never far away from the hotel or your room. Calls made from the unit will be charged back to your room account.The wooden floors did not bother me since most times I like to walk around either in my socks, or bare feet. For those who may be concerned over cleanliness, disposable slippers are provided. It may a good idea if staff wore soft-soled shoes to stop the noise created by their heels or soles resonating on the stone or wooden floors. Old fashioned Chinese slippers could go well with their interesting Chinese-worker style uniforms.At the rear of the Long Bar is The Garden, which has a resort-like aura. Lined with bamboo trees, the area gives an air of tranquility. Apart from the distraction of the occasional car horn and wafting techno music, you could almost imagine you are in a Balinese garden complete with l-o-n-g water pool. Wi-Fi is available in the garden.I went there around 6pm and the sun had already set. There was a bit of a breeze which gave me a slight chill. But I was determined to stay outdoors to smoke a cigar. A pre-dinner Bloody Mary seemed right to kick-of the evening. And this came with salted roasted almonds, olives and wasabi peas. In the rush to get there, I’d forgotten to pack my cigar torch, and had to make do with the supplied matches that were tough to use because of the wind. Maybe worthwhile for the hotel to invest in a cigar torch.Dining in the second floor Jing An restaurant was a real treat. The room was beautifully decorated and carried through the wood theme found all over the property.A few highlights of the meal were the warm bread rolls accompanied by butter pots of foil wrapped salted or un-salted Beurre Echiré -- a real favorite!For a starter, I had Foie Gras with Smoked Chocolate (amazing tasting combination), and the main course was Lamb Noisette with Pomegranate sauce. As a dessert I chose the Artisan Cheese plate with jam. These were topped off by a cafetière of Chamomile Citrus Tea and Petits Fours. My only comment about the meal is to use less parsley for garnish – it was on all three of my ordered dishes. Also, quite impressively the waiter knew the names of the cheeses, however, he openly admitted that he did not know which was which.For those of you who like working out or relax, the Spa and Fitness area located on level 2 have probably everything you need. There is the beautifully laid out Anantara Spa, a Technogym-equipped gym, and a 25m long swimming pool that has floor to ceiling windows overlooking the park for the entire length of the pool.Even though the hotel is partially open and scheduled to be all ready by December, I’m told they are running full occupancy. It’s no wonder then that when I went for Breakfast at around 0930 the room was very busy.After being quickly seated and served coffee, I was directed to help myself to the buffet where you can choose from juices to include fresh watermelon, at least 12 types of pastries plus breads, yoghurt, fresh and dried fruits (such as cranberries) and cereals.I couldn’t help but notice the fresh granola bars and beigels, and sampled them both. The granola bars were soft and crumbly, and I was pleasantly surprised by the exploding flavors as you bit into them. The taste of the top part of beigel which I had toasted was reminiscent of Welsh Rarebit, and the bottom half was crispy and chewy - delicious especially when coated in Beurre Doux unsalted butter and some of the preserves (jam, honey and marmalade) provided on the table in nice little white pots.For the Yoghurt, I mixed this with various nuts and seeds, and some fruit puree – Yum!Main course was à la carte, and I opted for the omelette with smoked salmon – another particular favorite of mine. The presentation was great (apart from the green parsley again) and I lightly dusted it with salt flakes presumably Himalayan found on the table along with the Peugeot pepper mill.Choosing a seat facing out of the window, I overlooked the park and could catch glimpses of people enjoying some Sunday relaxation and a couple of joggers, perhaps getting ready for the hearty Meat Pie lunch promotion at The PuLi.Just before checkout, I imbibed some more delicious tea in the Long Bar while using the Wi-Fi. This time, I asked for Chrysanthemum and the giant flowers inside the cafetière were most beautiful against the backdrop of the purple flowers on the table.The PuLi could perhaps be described as eye candy for the soul, and restful to the mind and body. Job well done guys - finally!Photos: http://www.flickr.com/photos/27621015@N08/sets/72157622532142089/show/	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent	Great new hotel in the Jing An district of Shanghai - next to the parkGreat decor - antique Asian styleFantastic serviceAmazing pool and spa areaFabulous food in the restaurant + great breakfast buffet + very good wine selectionLibrary off the lobby which was great for relaxing	
Oct 21 2009 	5 Star Hotel with 5 1/2 Star Service	We stayed at this wonderful hotel from Oct 17 to Oct 21. Check in was very efficient and we were given a city facing room. A host of the hotel accompanied us to our room and talked about the facilities within the hotel and explained how everything worked (ie. cappuccino machine, safe, etc). We were pleasantly surprised that all drinks in the room were complimentary. As described with their web site the rooms were very large and well appointed. Top of the line finishing was noted through out the suite (ie. Villeroy and Boch sinks and toilets). According to my wife, the dual ionizing hair drier worked well. The bed was comfortable and a variety of pillows were available. The water pressure was good for all the water fixtures. The flat screen television was mounted on a swiveling bracket so the TV could be moved to face most areas of the room. The writing table was well equipped. There were plenty of closet space to store your second suit case and any other items that you may have accumulated during your travels. As there is construction on the East side you do hear a little noise in the evening. We were moved to the West side (Garden facing) of the hotel on our last 2 days and the noise issue was resolved. Service by all staff members was excellent. Staff were always able to full fill any requests made and did so with a smile. The business center had free use the internet on the Apple computers and even had bottled water at each station. The sanitation of the rooms and the property was excellent. If breakfast is included, you order a hot meal a la carte with a cold meal buffet. Although people recommended other hotels located in more popular areas I have no regrets staying at the Puli. The Puli is only located a short 3-5 minute walk to the Ji Ann Temple station. Overall, the Puli is one of the best for service and for the facility.	
Oct 12 2009 	Perfection does exist	After a very delayed flight into Shanghai and a terrifying taxi ride from the airport, the combination of which left us worse for wear, we arrived at The Puli at 1am. And we promptly felt a whole lot better! The bellboy opened the door, the manager in charge was there to greet us and the concierge was waiting with a bouquet of roses that reminded my wife of her wedding bouquet. We were upgraded and, as they knew that our stay was part of our honeymoon trip, chocolate truffles and a bottle of Moet and Chandon were waiting for us. To make a long story short - the lobby is breathtaking, the room gorgeous, the staff is exceptionally well trained, and nothing is too much trouble (we had someone helping us to choose between their 5 pillow options, and with good humor). The swimming pool is brilliant; first indoor infinity pool I've ever seen. The hotel manager made it a point to introduce himself to us and seemed to be around much of the time. The whole place had a very personal feel and the management and staff really put in the effort to make us happy. It is such a difference from a typical chain hotel experience. The concierge desk is quite impressive. All of the staff there really know what they are talking about and are ready to recommend anything you might need in Shanghai. They use a very cool computer system to show you exactly where things are located in the city. If you come to enjoy nightlife in Shanghai, the person you should know is Chris from the concierge team. He knows what you need even when you have trouble explaining it. He managed to get us into a members only club, which is apparently the place to be in Shanghai, where we had quite a good time. I am really trying hard to find something wrong about this hotel... The one thing is that the cocktails at the bar were not up to par. But while we were there, we did see a gentleman training the staff in the art of cocktail mixing, so I don't doubt this will improve. We typically favor boutique hotels for their personal service. The Puli is a great combination because it certainly provides the individual attention, but it is a large hotel with all the amenities you might need. I would recommend it for business and pleasure, and I definitely want to go back.	
Oct 10 2009 	Deluxe Oasis in the city	Just returned from a week in China where we stayed in the brand new Puli Hotel &amp; Spa. If you don't need Bund view and view of Pudong Skyline the location of the Puli in the Jing An district is excellent. The Metro is around the corner, a nice chinese park and temple behind the hotel and excellent shopping/nightlife within easy walking distance (5-10min). Don't worry about the contruction side opposite the hotel (building of 2 new Shangri-la hotels) -ask for a room with park view - because in this city there is construction everywhere (area around Park Hyatt and Grand Hyatt is a desaster and the Bund is closed the next months due to refurbishment). Back to the Puli - you enter the Lobby through a pathway with water and chinese Art and in the Lobby you immediately feel completely out of the bustling city. Candles, quiet music, water and dark wood with a completely new atmoshere. (Forget JW Marriott and Four Seasons, think about Aman Hotels) - this is the style of the next decade. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Rooms are just great - bathroom and bedroom combined but easily to be separated by a sliding wall, huge rain shower, bathtub with city views, LCD TV with DVD, BOSE sound system and a comlimentary minibar with Nespresso machine. The SPA is also great, especially the huge indoor pool (5x25m) with daybeds and views....you will never go to another hotel in this city,	
Aug 5 2009 	Great service incredible staff	Although this hotel is not open as yet, the interaction I've had with the staff there has been nothing but pleasant. We had reserved a room for this past weekend but the hotel did not open in time so they very generously compensated us by arranging a room in another nearby hotel, paying for our breakfasts, offering us free pick-up and drop-off services, free minibar, etc. They also sent us a hand-written letter apologizing and the director of sales visited us at our chosen hotel to apologize. The level of service we have encountered so far leads me to believe that a stay there will be very pleasant and I look forward to it in the future.	
