	Clean and comfortable	The Holiday Inn Downtown Shanghai isn't really downtown. Okay, it's very close to Shanghai Station, there is easy access to the subway and the bus stop for Pudong Airport is right behind the hotel - but it is not really where you want to be if you are interested in shopping or entertainment. On the other hand, the doormen are always ready to hail a taxi and to explain to the driver where you want to go. The hotel is well up to the Holiday Inn standard, with a pleasant lobby bar. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The orange juice in the minibar can be recommended. I have stayed at the hotel on each of my half dozen visits to Shanghai and I have never been disappointed.	
Nov 18 2009 	Perfect	Nice Hotel, very clean, wonderful service and a good located for business &amp; private travellers.	
Nov 13 2009 	Handy for the station	This Holiday Inn is perfect if you need to be near the massive chaotic railway station. I arrived by train after a 20 hour overnight journey from Hong Kong and it was a huge relief to just exit the station and look up and see the hotel sign directly in front of you.True it's a little out of the centre but there is a main subway stop at the station along with a number of fast food restaurants and supermarkets. My room in the Great Wall wing was a good size with a very comfortable king sized bed. It had a kettle with tea/coffee, safe for valuables, bath tub, minibar, dressing gowns, aircon, internet access, large tv with some English channels etc - pretty much everything you need for a relaxing stay. The spacious foyer bar is a pleasant place to sit, there is also a coffee bar and basement sports bar. The reception staff are a little frosty, but this tends to be common throughout China. The chambermaid staff are a little more friendly.All in all it may not be the smartest area in town, but I would recommend staying here. It would be cheaper than staying on the Bund and you have good transport connections.	
Nov 7 2009 	Outstanding service CLEAN good breakfast solid internet	When the taxi dropped us off in front of a &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; we looked at each other and rolled our eyes. A Holiday Inn in the us is typically middle of the road, and not what we expected for our business trip in Shanghai.The fist night, we had nice, non-smoking rooms. Much cleaner than the other hotels I have experienced in China. Many of even the top end hotels seem &quot;dirty&quot; here.The internet was 60RMB add on (~$US10) which kinda bummed me, but the internet here has been the most solid and fast of any on our trip. Well worth what you would pay for 1 hour of access in a US airport!The breakfast (50RMB ~$US7.50 add on) was wonderful for a weary American: Made to order omelet , french toast, great bacon, along with fruits, breads and the odd (to Americans) assortment of food that passes for breakfast in China.We were to take the train, and it is a bit of a walk from the Holiday Inn to the train station. They are next door to each other, but across a wide and very crowded plaza. The trains station is not set up for foreigners, so there were not many english signs in the trains station. The very nice, tall (6'5&quot;) english speaking concierge &quot;Miller Zhang&quot; lugged our two huge rolling suitcases across the plaza for us, got us through security and instructed the gate agent to call us when our train came. We had agreed to pay him 50 RMB ~$US7.50 and he was very happy to help us with the task.Then there was a problem with the train. The adventure begins. Miller had left, since we had a good wait before we were supposed to leave on the train, so we lugged our bags back to the hotel. We were able to get two new non-smoking rooms on the spot for the same rate as when we reserved. These rooms are in the remodeled section of the hotel and are very nice as well as clean.I connected to the internet to book tickets for a flight to replace the train trip, but the web sites needed 24 hours advance. So again Miller Zhang came to our rescue. In a few short moments, he had us booked on China Eastern, business class. Miller delivered the tickets to our room line 1 hour later.This exceptional service makes this hotel my instant favorite hotel in China!	
Sep 8 2009 	Average Hotel	The food at the hotel has been pretty much average. Customer services were average too but some of the personnels can be quite rude to just stop and stare at you from top to toe if they happen to walk past you somewhere in the hotel. I guess this is a cultural thing because I experienced it everywhere. But provided that American is running this hotel, I think the service standard needs further improvement. I would recommend friends to go to this hotel as long as they are budget travellers.	
Aug 13 2009 	Lovely hotel	Stayed here as part of a Jules Verne tour of China. Lovely hotel, great buffet breakfast and dinner. Spacious rooms. Internet available in rooms for a fee. It is located outside city centre but as we were on a tour and picked up by coach to go everywhere this was not a problem. Reception staff were a bit unfriendly. Be careful with their ATM machine as it 'ate' our bank card but we did get it back later in the day.	
Aug 12 2009 	Don't stay here.	The lobby was nice but the room was a little old and the a/c barely worked. Th carpet was old with the old fashioned haridryers that barely worked. We had to leave the key in the wall so the a/c would stay on because it took 24 hours to cool off. So we didn't let them clean the room so it would stay cool. The breakfast was great but didn't start till 6:30 am. We had to leave the hotel at 6 AM to fly out so they gave us a crappy bag of a few items. What hotel starts breakfast so late when the airport wants you there 3 hours before a flight?	
Aug 3 2009 	Great option next to the Railway Station!	This hotel is a great option if you want to be close to the main Railway Station. My wife and I were traveling by train and had a lot of luggage. It only took us 7 minutes walking from the front door of the hotel to the main entrance of the station. The hotel itself is typical of Holiday Inn China standards -- which is quite good. The front desk was helpful, the room was clean, and they happily accommodated our late check-out. Just a warning, this hotel has 2 wings that aren't exactly close to each other. The hotel has a full-time golf cart that shuttles people between the wings (probably a two minute ride). Not a huge deal, but I could how some people might be annoyed by that (if they wanted to eat at the Western buffet, for example, and had to cart over to the other building to do so).Overall, highly recommended if you're planning to use the Rail Station. It's quite, clean, and the service was good. If I wasn't using the Rail Station, however, there are probably better areas of town to stay. My 5 star rating for location is based on its proximity to the Rail Station.	
Jul 26 2009 	Very nice refurbished rooms (if you get one)	*Good*Nice refurbished rooms - non refurbished rooms are okGood serviceSpoke very good English and willing to give travel adviceNice breakfast - slightly limitedQuietVery good location (about 1-2 mins walk to metro)*Bad*Had to argue with staff when we had a problem with rooms (This was not the hotels fault we have to move but other guests. I do think they could have dealt with the problem better but in the end we were upgraded to the suite).Non refurbished rooms not as nice but still ok	
Jul 9 2009 	clean easy access to tourist attraction by subway	stayed for 3 nights. accessiblity from airport: From Pudong airport shuttle bus line 5 take you to hotel. hotel located 3 minues on foot from Shanghai railway station(south). but it takes long. due to traffic it took about 1.5 hr. terrible. From Hongqiao airport (old airport) it take about 30 min by taxi. about 50RMB. and it worth it.Hotel staff-service is good.Room: very clean. up to standardBreakfast: good. recommend this hotel for tourist and business traveller aswell.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great location	Excellent location, next to Shanghai Railway station and metro stop, Kerry department store, KFC, medicine shop etc. Good airconditioning, and helpful staff. Decent breakfast with choice of three kinds of coffee. Room had jasmine tea, coffee, sugar, coffeemate, but no sugar-substitute like Equal. Toiletteries were decent but there was no moisturiser.	
Jun 2 2009	Convenient Location and Very Friendly Hotel Staff	Taxis and train station very conveneient. Pizza Hut on back side of the hotel. Breakfast was unbelieveable on the second floor overlooking the city. A lot of staff ready to get whatever you needed. Chef ready to make any kind of omlet. Chinese breakfast with western too. It was fantastic! The coffee beans were ground when you selected your coffee. Conceirge was very helpful. Made suggestions that were in our best interest and not the hotel since prices might be more expensive. We had one early morning train to catch for an excursion and the hotel prepared a box breakfast for us and had it ready when we needed it. Staff always smiling and willing to please.	
May 27 2009 	Just OK good location near train station.	This hotel was just ok. Stayed at the GREAT WALL WING, which they advertised as the &quot;newer&quot; wing. The room is clean and modern, but is too small! The hotel is right at the main street, so you can definitely hear the traffic outside, even at night! A/C was not good also. We asked for a new room because of this, but they gave us a small electric fan instead since they said the A/C was centralized and the temp is the same in all rooms.What attracted us though to this hotel is the low rate the Priority Club website gave us, and its proximity to the Shanghai Railway Station. We just walked behind the hotel to catch the early train to Zhenjiang.Will I go back again? Hmm....maybe not.	
May 22 2009 	I wish that service would be as good as location	Firstly, I have to say that it was so far the only disappointing experience with Holiday Inn hotels in China.The hotel is located just across the square of the main train station. It has two wings, which both can be accessed if you walk around the house (if coming from the train station). The streets around the hotel during the night are popular among homeless, who sleep on the street. Also, at one point an awful smell from the sewage system is coming up.On our arrival, my upgrade had not been processed (being a PC Platinum) and had to be asked. It took ages to check in as they had to manually fill in long forms regarding our visa and passport details. After getting upgrade to Priority Club floor, I still had to ask all the details regarding the benefits - compared that usually they explain me those without asking (based on HI experience in China).Got the room on 15th floor (dedicated Club Floor for PC Plats). The room was very small, I had problem getting the two medium-sized suitcases in it. There is also no wardrobe, just a metal line with hangers next to door. The windows - they were double windows and so so dirty and small that in the morning looking out I thought it was raining out there, even though there was sunshine. The beds were also rock-hard.Good side was that 6 free soft drinks were allowed daily from mini-bar.About the Club lounge - quite small. And only tables for 2. But we were family of 3, so one of us had to sit on a separate table. The selection for breakfast was quite poor - at 9am the cheese and fish were already finished, I grabbed the last yougurt and had some pancakes. Good side is that at least in the lounge there is free wireless. During the day no drinks freely available - you have to ask from the receptionist if you want to have something. Which also annoyed me was that as we were family of 3 and I was Platinum member, then it has been never ever a problem around the globe in this chain having 3 persons instead of 2 (as it was twin room), moreover when staying on club floor. This time however they wanted to charge extra for that lousy breakfast for that 3rd family member. After a long conversation they agreed me at least.Oh, and we as any other guest in the hotel were also given vouchers for welcome drink in the bar. Well, I went for juice. They had just orange option available, all others had run out.All in all - later when staying in Shanghai Holiday Inn Pudong, the experience for the same price was way more better, like 5*-s. I suggest you to stay in this hotel only if you have to stay next to train station, otherwise you can get a way better hotels for the same money in this town.	
Apr 21 2009	Comfortable	The highlight of the stay was the foot massage at the hotel. We were a part of a large group and spent most of the time out sightseeing but it was a comfortable stay. Simple and clean and no frills and fanciness.	
Jan 2 2009 	Perfectly adequate and charmless	Great location; great price (560 RMB all tax plus two breakfasts included, deluxe queen bed, 10th floor ), small but physically complete room, very clean, non-smoking, very comfortable bed, all the trimmings (toiletries, robes, towels, hot water, flat TV, tub, hair dryer etc). Great Wall wing, no smells, one of the refurbished rooms I think, excellent lighting for reading or work in room. Quiet heating/ventilation.Oddity: glass floor-to-ceiling wall between bathroom and bed; OK, it could be blocked (mostly) with venetian blind, but really unnecessary. Maybe we got the unadvertised fetish room.Buffet breakfast excellent, plenteous, excellent staff. Lots of food and service even though we arrived near the end of the breakfast period. Well done, HI.BUT, a room with so little charm or magnetism! Certainly not what is expected of a four-star rating. Partly due to poor small cell-like windows.When cracked open at all, continuous noise from the PA lady at the train station. Fortunately, the noise was well blocked when the windows were closed. No view to speak of; mostly the rear of advertising sign. Dirty windows. Corridor sounds entered room easily.Summary: excellent for the main purposes of convenience, sleeping and rest; much less than interesting in any other way. Maybe a high-level 3-star place. Good prices on website.	
Dec 28 2008 	Not bad - doesn't have pool	We just recently stayed in the Holiday Inn Downtown Shanghai (Great Wall Section). We wanted three things...1) A comfortable bed.2) A bedroom seperate from the living room.3) A nice swimming pool.We got 2 out of 3.ProsStayed in the Executive Suite which was costly but very nice.Concierge was very knowledgable, helpful and friendly.Breakfasts were pretty good.Door attendants were exceptionally helpful and should be given a pay rise.ConsNo swimming pool.Location was okay, but you have to catch taxis everywhere. We were hoping it was a little closer to everything. Check out was a pain in the backside. Allow extra time when checking out, as you need to go over their bill carefully. We are both University educated people and we couldn't understand the bill. To this day we are unsure if we were charged the correct amount. Many at the checkout counter were having similar difficulties.General staff are not very helpful or very friendly especially in the restaurants.We had trouble with the Internet and had to pack up all our belongings on the second day. This was a major inconvenience and took some time. The new room had no view.We ordered room service one night and the meals were lukewarm/cold-ish. For AU$100 this was pretty disappointing. The staff don't speak English very well.	
Dec 6 2008 	Good hotel near train station	We stayed in this hotel because it was across the street from the train station. We were on our way to Beijing via train and needed a place to stay for one night in Shanghai. The location is great for that purpose. The train station is far from the touristy spots in Shanghai, so it's really not downtown as the hotel name suggests, but the Metro can get you mostly anywhere you need to go. From the Pudong airport, the hotel can be accessed by the Metro because it's across the street from the train station. After taking the really neat Maglev train (peak speed of 430 km/hr, 8 minute ride), you have to take the Line 2 (Longyan stop) and change at People's Square stop to Line 1 (Shanghai Train Station stop) to get to the train station. With the Metro stations in Shanghai, there are numerous exits that are numbered, so you have to look at a map to figure out which exit number you should take in order to exit the subway at the closest spot to your destination. Changing lines at People's Square can be overwhelming because of the sheer number of people that transfer lines here. Not only are there a lot people transferring, but there are lot people on the subway trains itself. There are also a lot of stairs, too. If you have a lot of luggage, it may be better to take a taxi from the Maglev stop to the train station directly to avoid the crowds and stairs.Finding the hotel entrance can be a bit tricky. From the train station, you can see the signs for the Holiday Inn, but the entrances are located on the back sides of the buildings to which they are attached. This means you have to cross the main plaza between the two buildings to get to the backside of either building. After you've made it across the plaza, you have to walk around a long gated fence before you can even enter either entrance for the hotel. If you have a lot of luggage or it's raining, this is not a pleasant walk because there are a few stairs in the plaza and the distance to get to the actual entrance is a bit farther than anticipated. As we found out later, it's actually faster to not cross the plaza, but instead to go around the outside of the buildings to get to the entrances. The hotel has two buildings, the Great Wall wing and the Plaza wing. The Plaza wing is the older of the two buildings, and our room was there. We did not know this and checked in on the Great Wall side. I am not sure how you would find out which wing you were staying in prior to arrival, but this would have been helpful. If you are standing and facing the Holiday Inn buildings with the train station behind you, the Great Wall wing is on the left and the Plaza wing is on the right. If you check in at the wrong wing, you have to take an underground tunnel, which is actually the entrance/exit to the underground parking lot. Overall, the tunnel seemed pretty safe, but we were always a bit cautious because driving in China seems to not follow any obvious rules. You will share the underground tunnel with the incoming and outgoing cars as you cross over to the other building. We didn't know this, but since we checked in at the wrong building, we thought we would have to check out at the same place we checked in. Fortunately, you don't have to do that, and the receptionist had to walk across the underground tunnel to get our bill.The room itself was spacious. Beds in China are firmer than Western beds, but the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was decent, and overall, the room was clean. The room was also non-smoking, which is a plus. A lot of people smoke in China and the smoke can waft its way into your room. Fortunately, we did not experience that. Our room faced the the train station, and there is a lot of noise from the train station at night. There was a persistent loudspeaker all night long. I am not sure what the woman was saying, but it seemed to be a few Mandarin Chinese sentences that were repeated endlessly. It might be better and quieter to ask for a room that does not face the train station. You have to put your room key card in a slot to activate the electricity in the room. This seemed to be a common theme as we traveled throughout China. It can be a bit tricky to figure out how to turn off all the lights at night, and we just removed the card at night. I think this is how hotels are looking to conserve energy. The staff speaks decent English. They were also helpful and courteous in suggesting restaurants. We did not eat at the hotel, but had a drink there. Staff is attentive in the lobby bar. There is currency exchange at the front desk, which is also helpful. One of the most helpful things was the free luggage storage. We were catching a night train to Beijing and after checking out, they were able to store our luggage for the afternoon. The area surrounding the hotel can be a little bit seedy at night because there was a whole section of homeless people camped out in sleeping bags, but again, you are in a big city and near a train station. They did not seem to bother us at all. There are lots of fast food restaurants in this area, ranging from KFC to Japanese noodle shops. There is not a good grocery store in this area, but there is a small convenience store where you can buy bottled water, other drinks, and snacks.Overall, this hotel is great because of its location, which is across the street from the train station. It is far from any of the touristy sights in Shanghai, but you can take the Metro practically anywhere. If you are planning to spend a longer time exploring Shanghai, then I would recommend staying closer to the tourist attractions. If you just need a place to sleep on your way to your next destination via train, then this is the place to stay. Staff is courteous, attentive, and helpful. The room is clean and comfortable. For us, it was the right hotel for our purpose: spending only one night in Shanghai, so that we could catch the train to Beijing the next evening.	
Nov 24 2008 	Very Acceptable	I'd never stayed at a Holiday Inn before and was not expecting very much from the photos I'd seen on various websites.But I was very pleasantly surprised here. It's a big hotel with 2 wings and you need to make sure the taxi goes to the correct wing, otherwise you have to walk down and through the underground car park to get to the other wing which is a bit inconvenient.Very comfortable room with all amenities. Good laundry service. Very helpful staff who really try hard to assist you.Didn't try the restaurant but the lounge on the top floor was fine for breakfast and using free internet.Finally, it's very close to the railway station. I'd definitely stay there again, and it's much better than the photos suggest..	
Nov 19 2008 	Don't stay here	I decided to book this hotel as the name is Holiday Inn so it should be a standard good hotel but it was not.First we check in around 4.30pm but the room is not finish or ready which it should not be because it's 4 pm so only 1 room is ready so we wait in the room that is ready. When we go into the room the room look nice as we book the deluxe room, all main equipment is there, room is clean, bed and pillow is comfortable. The front said they will call us when the another room is finish about 15-20 mins but there was no call so I have to call them and check and they said there is 1 room finish on the 5th floor, we say ok so we move to there, when we are there the housekeeping is still cleaning and the bed sheet is not start yet so we leave our luggage and have to up to stay in the other room that we got again...(how the front say its done) so we go out, around the hotel there is many shopping mall and also restarant, the another bad thing is this hotel has 2 building and you have to walk down to the car park underground to go to another side which many people get confused. after go out we came back to the room which sure that the room is finish but something pop up in my mind, this room doesn't look like the another room that my friend got so I know this is only the standard room and we paid for the deluxe room not standard but it's late and we want to sleep.One more terrible thing happen, the lights that is on the celing which there are on each bed can turn off only 1so that 's mean the light on my bed couldn't turn off, so i call the front and they said i have to take the key card out which mean everything will be off, can you imagine if another person want to use electricity or tv the can't because have to take the card out for the light that could not turn off, so we call the house keeping and she come to help which it's still can't turn off, she said have to fix in the morning only 1 way to turn off is take the key card out! So at night if you want to go to the bathroom and turn on the light you must put your key card first but the light on me turn on too. The hotel is near the subway but I think Red line or line no. 1 as it near the railway station there is some noise at night too. One bad thing is about the breakfast, there is not much food for you to choose and the juice taste bad.	
Nov 2 2008 	Was not very good	This hotel is clearly in need of a renovation. We did not have the new rooms. The room was oke but a little bit old. The breakfast was terrible. They did not had enough time to fill up the plates and there was not enough place to sit. The groups and individuals had breakfast all together, if you have enough room than this is no problem but here it was!If you can you better look for a better offer.	
Sep 4 2008	Well located Hotel	I have stayed at the Holiday Inn Downtown Shanghai a couple of times now on business trips and while it is a typical Holiday Inn the staff are very helpful and the rooms are well appointed. The real benefit of this hotel is its close proximity to the railway and the metro. When I came back from one long train journey it was nice to just walk across the square to get to the hotel.One slightly strange thing about the hotel is that it is in two halves and you have to make sure that you know which one you are staying at! Also the facilities are not the same for both halves, so it is a short walk between the two buiding (situated either side of a square).Rooms are reasonably priced and they have Internet connection. The restaurant is ok but fairly standard.	
Jul 20 2008 	It was a Holiday Inn!	We stayed at the holiday inn - downtown shanghai in may 07.It was as you would expect a holiday inn to be, no nasty surprises but nothing special either. The room that we had was a bit musty on the first night that we were there but wasn't noticable on the second night of our stay. There is a good little american bar in the oppposite wing to where we stayed. We watched the FA cup final in there and it wasn't as crowded as every other bar/ resturant that we went to in shanghai (this is a good thing).	
May 13 2008 	A pleasant hotel in the heart of Shanghai	Rooms are big and spacious with good amenities provided. Furnishing appeared to be very well-maintained. It would have been a bonus if the TV set provided is a Plasma, which is a trend amongst many Holiday Inns around the world. Hotel has good facilities, including a gymnasium. The restaurant also serves good quality food at reasonable prices.Location is excellent with the Airport Express Bus (Line 5) just a few steps away from the hotel. The railway station is also across the street from the hotel, thus providing easy access to places like Hangzhou and Suzhou. Also located at the back of the hotel is the Shanghai Railway Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station, an important interchange station of the red line (Line 1), yellow line (Line 3) and the purple line (Line 4). Taking the MRT ride from this station will get you to virtually anywhere within Shanghai city.Around the hotel, you can also find numerous eating outlets. Prices are very cheap by western standards and food hygiene is good. There is also a shopping centre within 3 minutes walking distance. Imported fashion can be found inside the departmental store of this shopping centre.All in all, this is a very good hotel suitable for both the leisure and business traveller. There is no doubt that Holiday Inn Downtown Shanghai is one of the most value-for-money hotel in this cosmopolitan city. :)	
Apr 20 2008 	Friendly Staff	Good example of Holiday Inn chain. Much better than the Pudong Holiday Inn although not as modern. Great location for a stroll around and two good restaurants on site.Staff helpful and friendly, got my taxi to the Maglev at Longyang Lu no problem although needed a few hand gestures!!Only one quibble with the location, it is right next to the railway station and can get a bit noisy at night.Would stay there again.	
Jan 24 2008 	Practical but surely you can get better hotels in Shanghai	Pro:- in front of the train and underground station- decent service- all the frills (bathrobe, toothbrush, slippers,...)- fairly centralContra:- very old and used furniture and carpets (Plaza Wing)- very low ceilings- needed to ask to change the sheets as they had some stains (wich they did promptly)	
Dec 11 2007	Holiday Inn Downtown Shanghai is great!	This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in, anywhere in the world. I had read some bad reviews before going and was apprehensive - but there was no need to worry.The front desk staff were very helpful and dealt quickly, efficiently and pleasantly with all our queries during the week we were there. The room, on the 10th floor, was spacious, quiet and well maintained. The two restaurants and the bar were good and the breakfast choice was wide and tasty.It is right next door to the mainline station and the metro, so very accessible even if not absolutely central.	
Nov 12 2007	No surprises	This is the typical business hotel, not very charming or personal but a good standard and no surprises. We stayed at the Great Wall Wing, and rumors said the Plaza Wing is better. The room was small, but clean, well-equipped and with nice modern furniture. Breakfast ok, but nothing special just the standard buffet. The breakfast hall itself was a bit shabby and not very well kept after during breakfast. The location of the hotel is a bit far from the more interesting parts of the city, but taxi is cheap and subway close-by so that is not such a big problem. I would recommend it to anyone who does not want to splurge on a luxury hotel near People's square or have any bad surprises with a hotel at a more moderate price-range.	
Oct 28 2007	good value for money	we stayed at the holiday inn downtown plaza tower for 2 nights at the start of our tour of china. i must admit having read the reviews we were a little concerned. we had a perfectly adaquate room on a high floor and had the windows been cleaned we would have had a great view.the bed was very hard but the bedding was very comfortable and clean.the bathroom was ok pretty good shower and plenty of cosmetics, very handy when your touring.the best bit though was the breakfast it was excellant the choice was extensive. all in all not bad value for money you pay.	
Sep 22 2007 	Should be a traveler's last resort even than not recommended!!	Our 3 night stay at this hotel was booked by Isram Tours, and sold to us as a 4 star property. We did not read any of the reviews prior to travel, I wish we had as our experience was worse than most of the reviews we read upon our return.The check-in was acceptable, the hotel &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a 10th floor room, nonsmoking as requested. The moment we exited the elevator the carpets had the most unbearable putrid mildew smell. The room was even worse, the mildew affected my sinuses in minutes. I called the front desk to tell them I cannot breathe, we need a room change, instead housekeeping came with more chemicals that they sprayed in our presence without consulting us. My breathing became worse, finally the manager offered us another room on the 6th floor. We did not even exit the elevator, the tabacco smoke smell was so unbearablystrong. Hard to believe, while I am unable to breathe, the hotel offers us another mildew infested smoking room! According to the manager on duty, the hotel had not cleaned its carpets in 20 years, they had a cleaning scheduled for 2008!! At this point, because we were ready to leave and find another hotel, the manager offers us a lovely clean room in the renovated Plaza Tower, a 3 minute walk thru the underground garage. The room on a high floor, was clean, renovated, fresh smelling, as per our initial expectations. When we refused to pay a high $$$ upgrade fee, or move back to the infested tower, we were offered a 2nd and LAST option room in the renovated tower, on the smoking floor. The hotel manager was aware that we do not smoke and aware of my respiratory problems caused by the chemicals sprayed when we arrived, but becausewe were on a prepaid hotel voucher, he said he should not even be offering us a room in the renovated tower. At that moment I was equally angry with our tour operator as with the manner the hotel staff was treating us.Between the 2 evils, we accepted the renovated smoking room on the 4th floor with a lovely roof view, next to the elevator. Overall opinion - I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Either towers. The hotel is mildew infested, the staff treats tourists traveling with prepaid hotel vouchers as 3rd class citizens. During our entire stay, we were reminded by the front desk staff that at the price paid, we should be almost grateful they gave us a room !! With that attitude, I cannot think of a positive feature about the hotel. Both hotel towers are close to the train station, at night theside streets are full of homeless people sleeping in store entrances.There are no established restaurants in the hotel vicinity, only inexpensive eateries, no attractions, a mediocre mall across the street, overall the hotel should be no more than a high 2 star property or a low 3 star property. There are better hotels close to Nanjing Road for the same rate. I will never leave home again without first checking tripavisor reports.	
Jun 11 2007 	convenient slightly above average hotel	The rooms are clean and comfortable. There's a shuttle bus service, no 5 (bus fare: RMB18 ) from Pudong Airport to the hotel, which save me a lot of money. The journey to the hotel is about 1 hour, slightly long but its worth the journey. Lots of shopping malls located within walking distance from the Hotel. I would stay in this hotel again for my next trip	
May 12 2007 	Great place to stay	I stayed at this hotel (Great Wall Wing) for 3 nights in May. The hotel was chosen for it's close proximity to the railway station (2 minutes walk) and highway (run past the hotel) links due to many meetings being planned out of Shanghai.The rooms are the normal size you would expect from Holiday Inn, with TV, fully fitted bathroom with shower over the bath. We asked for and received queen size beds in our rooms. After a 12 hour working day in temperatures of 25-30 degrees, the beds proved very comfortable.The staff keep the rooms imaculate each day and are always helpful and curteous.The Great Wall Wing has a lovely restaurent which serves up breakfast each morning with a choice of fresh fruit, cooked breakfast (Bacon, Eggs, French Toast, Beans) or chinese variety. Whilst we did not sample the main restaurent, the menues and prices looked good with a mixture of chinese and western dishes on offer at very reasonable prices.There is a small but well equiped gym, 4 lane Brunswick bowling alley, sports bar with plasma tv's, the usual quality gift shops, a gentlemans clothes shop, and a travel agent.All in all we would highly recommend this hotel if you are using this as your base. Shopping areas are spread all over Shanghai so walking to most of them is not an option, however with the average taxi fare for upto 3 people being just £1.00 it really is not an issue.	
May 10 2007 	Are the Chinese Accustomed to Hard Beds???	I went with my mom and dad to Shanghai and Beijing last May 2007. I had the opportunity to stay at both Holiday Inns in Downtown Shanghai and Beijing.The first thing I noticed about H.I. Downtown Shanghai is that they have really stiff beds and mattresses! I didn’t think this could happen to a four-star hotel in Shanghai – one of the biggest cities in the world. After my first night, I asked them to add more sheets to my bed since it was really hard – it was like sleeping on a single sheet of comforter on the floor! When I came back, nothing really changed. They simply added another sheet of blanket which really did nothing to soften up my cot (mine was an extra bed). Even the two beds in our room were as hard as my cot! I was wondering if this was really the Chinese standard for comfort. H.I. Downtown Beijing had better, softer beds!	
May 7 2007 	Great value nice staff and central location	I chose this hotel because I had to make a 9am meeting downtown, also I was intrigued by the location near the railway station. The rate was a real surprise because every other international brand was priced 2-3X as much. From the airport, you can take the maglev then the subway on line# 2 to People's Square station where you switch to line # 1 to get to Shanghai Railway Station. You take exit #3. Just outside the exit is a huge mall, the hotel is on your left side.Some of the reviews here already made me expect the worst so I was pleasantly surprised by the friendly bell boy and the beatiful room (I will post photos when I get back home), which may be cosy by US standards but I just came from HK so it seemed spacious by comparison. There is free bottled water and coffee service in the cabinet. My favorite of the details is the small cloisonne bottled framed in a hardwood frame with beatiful silk matting, hanging in the bathroom.I did not eat in the hotel, opting instead to try the eateries in the mall. The Cafe De Coral is from Hong Kong and you can have a meal of BBQ pork rice for under 20RMB.Yeah, service in China is hit and miss and the carpet is old. But I have met mostly friendly and helpful people and that more than makes up for the fruitseller who charged me 2X knowing that I am a foreigner (even though I am Chinese by descent).	
Apr 16 2007	Stayed at Holiday Inn Shanghai - not so great	We stayed here for a few days with a Smartours travel group. The lobby and other common areas are nice and modern but the actual rooms are not so great. They are clean but a little outdated, hard beds, the blow dryer in the room sucks, a couple of mosquitoes somehow made their way into our room at night even though the windows were closed. I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jan 27 2007	Troubled stay at the Holiday Inn Downtown Shanghai	Recently stayed in Holiday Inn DownTown Hotel in Shanghai. The minute we showed our voucher to the receptionist, she asked us to pay another 130.00 US dollars to be upgrated to the rooms in the new wing. When we said we did not want to do so, she tried to persuade us again, by showing us pictures of the room and adding that the bed would be soft and that it would be a big quiet room. When we made it clear we were not interested, and asked to proceed the checking in so that we could finally go up to our room, she spoke in chinese and laughed with the rest of the stuff present at the time. Our room was on the 8th floor and it was big alright. However, the bed was really really hard so we asked the housekeeping to send us an extra mattress so that we could place it underneath. Tired as we were from the flight, we immediately went to bed. Soon we realized that even though it was night time, the noise was intolerable and we would have a tough time getting to sleep. Not only that, but the heating was not operating and we were really cold. Still, we decided that this would be dealt with the next day as we were tired and it was late anyway.The next day both my husband and I had pains all over our bodies because of the hard bed, and also had a cold. I immediately went downstairs to complain to the receptionist for giving us the worst room she could, and she only said we could have paid and got ourselves one of the new rooms. At that point I got really angry and demanded to spek to the manager. He escorted me to the room, and verified that in deed the heating was broken down, the room was noisy and also that the bed was hard. He took a look on our reservation paper, and said we will be immediately transferred to the 12th floor on one of the renovated rooms because that is where we were originally supposed to have been anyway! Soon a bell boy assisted us with our luggage and we went to the new room. This one was a lot smaller than the first one on the 8th floor, but it was brand new, with a softer matress and it seemed to be quiet too. Therefore we agreeded to spend the next 3 nights there.Breakfast was nothing special but what I have to specify is that the stuff was not wellcoming or warm at all ! Quite different to what I had expected for a Holiday Inn Hotel. The price for the restaurant in case you want to have dinner is about 35 dollars for buffet dinner, but they charge quite expensive all beverages...Back home I really can't tell I was able to find a lot of info about this hotel on the net, regarding the location, so it was a good thing the metro station was very near to the hotel. The second morning we were there, a Monday morning, we asked at 11.00 in the morning to change us a 100 euro bill , and we were told to go to a bank because as it was Sunday the previous day, they did not have enough money !!! That was really weird we thought, but we did not want to start our day arguing again. Therefore we left the hotel in search of the closest bank. Luckily, there are more than 4 banks in the neighboorhood but not one of them could assist us as they had a break (!) for an hour ! Then we went back to the hotel and demanded to have our bill changed. They did ! I cannot understand why you have to argue with everybody from the reception to have the simplest things done ! We enjoyed being in Sangai and perhaps will go back some time in the future, but we will definetely never stay in the same hotel ever again. The second room we were given was alright, but the hotel stuff both at the reception and the restaurant was so rude and not wellcoming, and anyway, there are soooo many other better hotels, so, never ever again in a Holidai Inn in Sanghai ...	
Nov 21 2006 	Stay Here Canada	Hello fellow Canadians and travelers. I am here to tell you that if you are ever in Shanghi and need a great hotel. I suggest you stay at the Holiday Inn Downtown location in Shanghi. Yes you could pay much more$$$$ and stay at the RITZ ect.. However you will recieve much better service be it personal or otherwise at the Holiday Inn(Downtown). I have the so many good things to say but I will be brief and highlight one example. After meeting my wife on vacation in Shanghi 2 years ago while n a buisness trip. I can now say we are happily married for 1 year now. I had my aniversary this year at the holiday inn (downtown ). I wanted to surprise my wife with a beautiful day and cap it off with a aniversary hotel room. The staff who I advised of my plan and wishes to make this day as great as possible did everything and more to make it happen.In fact the staff at the Holiday Inn went way beyond my expectations. I thought, they will put a few candles and flowers and send us a bill to at check out time. NO WAY!The staff here not only made dinner wonderful, but they also made sure the entire room was dedicated to our aniversary. I mean there was a HUGE ARANGEMENT of flowers in a heart shape on the bed surrounded by rose petals. Each flower individually cut to size to fit the arrangement of flowers(very difficult job by hand). Orniments signifying &quot;Double Happiness&quot; a popular Chinese slogan for couples happily married, just married and or aniversary ect. Decorations, ornements and dinner was aranged, with champainge. There is much more but I fear you will quit reading soon. I am a very happy husband but my wife was even happier than I when she walked into the room. I mean she cried from the joy of surprise and the sheer beauty of the room in its entirety. I would have had no time to do what the staff at the holiday inn did for my wife and I. I wouldn't have thought to do most of the other things (to numerous to mention) as well. Talk to Jerry, Anthony and the rest of the holiday staff about all your needs, wants and desires and I can assure you happiness and satisfaction. Remenber Holiday Inn Downtown ShanghiRemember Jerry- ManagerRemember Anthony- manager Remember Holiday Inn StaffIf you remeber these things your stay in Shanghi will be perfect for sure!	
Aug 5 2006 	Steer avay!	I really can't understand how IC grooup can waste its brand firming such an old, dirty, noisy and out-of-everywhere hotel. It's a real trap. The only brightside is a servicefull personel, the rest - my godness! There's another one, nice, at Pudong: choose it, avoid Downtown!	
Jul 4 2006	Great service reasonable location	First of all, Holiday Inns in China are not like the ones in America. They're WAY better. In another league, really.We stayed on the executive level, which cost something like $15 or so more. But for that extra money, you get some breakfast in the lounge, unlimited drinks at the happy hour plus hot/cold appetizers, which you could make a meal out of if you were so inclined. The room was clean, and looked much more modern and featured many more amenities than you'd imagine looking at the exterior of this hotel. The bathroom was nice -- not luxurious, except for the unbelievalbe variety of toiletries. One reviewer wrote that the beds were hard. Well, yes, they are a bit hard everywhere in China. It's a cultural thing, not a quality thing. Most people get used to it, and it's supposed to be good for your back anyway.The location is hard to say too much good or bad about. I mean, it's a two minute walk from Shanghai's main train station, but unless you're going out of town, you won't use that so much. Then there's the subway, which is also just a few minutes' walk. That works well. But, while there is a bit of locals-oriented shopping around the hotel (and great &quot;hutong&quot; -- old backstreet -- neighborhoods, if you can find them!!), you usually end up traveling to other parts of the city to do stuff. The subway comes often, and the cabs are so cheap, that it hardly seems worth the concern.	
Jun 17 2006	Not great stay elsewhere!	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights on the executive level of the Great Wall Wing. We did secure a great rate on the hotels website but in hindsight we wished we had paid more and stayed elsewhere. For an executive room the room was tiny, we had to move the chair away from the desk so we could walk past the bed. The bed was the worst we have ever had in a hotel room, extremely hard and when we rang housekeeping after a couple of nights of unbroken sleep they were unable to offer any assistance, in the end we resorted to adding an extra duvet on top of the mattress which helped slightly. The bathroom was very small and although kept clean was uninviting.We had breakfast in the executive lounge and the downstairs restaurant and both were very average and the staff were unwelcoming also. The happy hour in the executive lounge was ok but again staff were only prepared to do the bare minimum and didnt appear happy to do even that.The location was probably the worst factor, although it is close to the metro it is not a nice area to come back to at night.Unfortunately I dont feel I have much positive to say about this hotel perhaps it was because we had just spent 5 nights at the Crowne Plaza in Beijing where we had enjoyed a perfect stay and the Holiday Inn Downtown really didnt rate in comparison.I would not recommend staying at this hotel and if we return to Shanghai in the future we will spend more money and stay in the Nanjing Rd/Bund area.	
Jun 2 2006	Nice Hotel but Not Very Quiet	There are two towers to the hotel: the Plaza Wing and Great Wall Wing. My room was in the Plaza Wing. It was quite large for a Holiday Inn, and looked to have been upgraded recently. The bathroom was clean and well maintained. The room had internet service for US$15 per day which is very high, particularly for China. My room was very loud. Construction is ongoing constantly in Shanghai, and the hotel is directly in front of the main train station. Handy for getting around the city, but not when trying to sleep. The gym (located in the Great Wall wing) is small, but has two modern treadmills and a good selection of weights. The breakfast buffet, although cheap for about US$6 (if not included in the room rate), was also average, although it does have a made to order omelet bar. This hotel appears to be frequented mostly by business travelers, although it did have a fair number of tourists. There are places to eat and shop in the vicinity of the hotel, including several coffee shops and high end department stores, but no supermarkets in the area. If not for the noise during my stay, this hotel would get a much higher ranking.	
Mar 23 2006	Very good hotel in a very good location!	We stayed here for 3 nights in February 2006. At first looking at it on the map it seems to be out of the way. But it really isn't. Cabs are cheap and plentiful. The subway stop is right near by. There is also lots of malls, shops and stores right around the hotel itself.Best part of the location is the quick and easy access to the Subway. No problem for people who can only speak English. Very very user friendly.Taxi drivers did not seem as aware of this hotel though (and let me tell you Holiday Inn Downtown Shanghai does not mean a thing to them you must bring the hotel card!). Even with the card and my Mandarin speaking mother our cabbie seemed a bit unsure of how to get there (but we got there and for pretty much the same price as the other direction) so it didn't really matter in the end.Also I think it is stupid to have 2 different hotels which are not linked at all to have the same name (they face each other on a pedestrian plaza). Our &quot;wing&quot;'s gym was a sorry excuse for a gym with some free weights and no cardio machines. In it you are directed to go to the other &quot;wing&quot; hotel for the larger gym. Thankfully each wing has it's own restaurant for breakfast. Breakfast is your usual Chinese, Japanese, American breakfast. You'll find whatever you want here. It was very very good. The room has Ethernet Internet Access for a fee which I thought was reasonable. There is a daily maximum (I forget the details).Rooms were decent just like a regular Holiday Inn in North America. Clean, nice bathrooms (with shower curtains that were too short though!).Good service and a very attractive lobby for those who are into those sorts of things.I would stay here again if I returned to Shanghai!	
Feb 22 2006	Convenient location for subway riders	As part of a hotel/plane package, my husband and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Downtown. This Holiday Inn is comparable to those in the United States. The hotel rooms were comfortable and clean. Unlike many hotels, this hotel had sufficient lighting. The included buffet breakfast had western and Chinese food selections. It was very easy to put together a bacon, made to order eggs, juice, toast and coffee breakfast. There is absolutely nothing to see close by. The subway, however, is around the block and very easy to use. We travelled to all of the tourist spots via the subway. Tickets can be purchased from automated machines with subway stops and fares in English. Once you are on the subway, stops are announced in English. Also, maps and exits are posted in English. If you can figure out the subway system in NYC, San Francisco, London, Paris, Madrid, Barcelona, Hong Kong, Tokyo, or Kyoto, you will have no problem on the Shanghai subways!	
Dec 13 2005	Brilliant	this hotel was brill and i would deffinatley reccomend it to anyone visiting shanghai. fab!!!	
Nov 11 2005	Great location	My husband, a couple of friends and I stayed here for a week. It was a great location near a metro and train stop so independent travel was very easy. It was very much like most Holiday Inns. The breakfast was great. Comfortable and clean rooms.	
Sep 5 2005	Don't go there!	I stayed here for one night in August. The room was very small, the air conditioning noisy, the bathroom quite shabby (the shower was aimed at the wall not at the bath). The fridge in the room was noisy and in fact the room itself didn't block out noise at all - we could hear the traffic outside, the people in the corridors and the noise through the walls of the adjoining bedrooms. The light didn't work in the room and it took 2 hours for someone to come and fix it.Breakfast is in a make-shift restuarant and the selection is poor.This is not what you would expect from a Holiday Inn - my advice - don't go there!	
Feb 4 2005	Picky traveler liked this hotel	I stayed here in fall of 2004. Although the hotel isn't 'downtown', it's directly across from the train station which is good if you're travelling to other parts of China. The room was very clean and good size. The staff and service was above my expectations for a Holiday Inn. Lobby and common areas were nice and clean. Bathroom was large and clean as well. Nothing really bad to say at all. I would rate my experience here as 'above average'. This is a newer hotel.	
Oct 29 2004	Adequate night's sleep	Having read the Frommers Guide we decided to stay at the Holiday Inn downtown Shanghai. We chose the Plaza Wing as it was reportedly &quot;slightly more upscale.&quot; We had requested a no smoking room in advance and were told that none were available upon check in. When the front desk clerk realized that we would go elsewhere, he suddenly found a room. Silly things such as they will only let you cash $100 US at a time ( all other hotels in China never questioned this) were also a nuisance. Overall, the room was &quot;satisfactory&quot; and more than adequate. Walk time to the train station is about 5 minutes and this saves a great deal of time if you are taking the trains to Souzou or Hangzhou.	
Nov 23 2009 	???????		
Oct 19 2009 	???????????????…		
Oct 7 2009 	?????		
Sep 29 2009 	?????		
Sep 29 2009 	???????????????		
Sep 18 2009	?????????		
Aug 28 2009 	??????????		
Aug 19 2009 	??????????????????????		
Jul 28 2009 	Zu empfehlen		
Apr 25 2009 	SUPER LAGE - IMMER WIEDER		
Mar 11 2009	westliche Oase in Shanghai		
Oct 29 2008	????		
Oct 5 2008 	??????????????		
Sep 11 2008 	???????????		
Dec 10 2007 	Clasico hotel ejecutivo		
