Nov 20 2009 	Loved the Hotel	Crowne Plaza Century Park is one of the best hotels tostay in Pudong area. This place is ideal for business travellers because of the proximity of New shanghai International Expo centre and the Pudong Expo center both are about 5 mins from the Hotel.Almost everybody in the Hotel either speaks or understand English which makes it very convieneient to talk to the Concierge to get around the place.There is a near by shopping area called the Thumbs plaza which has a great ambience and athmosphere. There are several international food chains like the Pizza hut , Subway and also several bars and Pubs including the very comfy and laid back Irishmans Pub. The Irishmans pub is run by Deaglan a very friendly guy who has a steady group of Expats visting the Pub.There are also some cheap joints to have food including some Chinese and Indian restaurants.Overall its a lovely location and and a very good hotel to stay.	
Nov 17 2009 	OK but Renaissance next door is better. The breakfast buffett is poor	This is a good location depending on what you are in town to do. It's quieter than some of the more &quot;downtown&quot; locations and if you are willing to walk 1 km or so, there are restaurants and stores nearby, as well as the MTR that can take you to downtown quickly and efficiently. This hotel feels dated. I stayed at this place and the Renaissance next door and the Renaissance is much better.	
Nov 4 2009 	Nice hotel good location great ammenities but a bit pricey	I stayed in this hotel in April of 2009 and it was a very good experience. The rooms are beautiful and offer very nice views of the Pudong area with the Financial District off in the distance. The service is excellent, the rooms are a bit pricey but they are very spacious and very modern and the bed is &quot;too comfortable&quot; and if you are not careful it's very easy to over sleep :-)If you have access to the &quot;club level&quot; then they offer exceptional services for business meetings, no charge for computer access or printing and there are meeting rooms available as well as a great breakfast buffet. All included in your room charge.The fitness facility and pool look great, but sadly enough I did not get to use them.I would say that the Chinese Restaurant on the 3rd floor is probably one of the best in the city, the food is outstanding and service is excellent. And the lobby restaurant is very good too.The Subway station is a short 4 block walk across Century Park (below the Museum of Science &amp; Technology) and there is also an amazing market place in this subway station that offers incredible deals on all sorts of merchandise ranging from clothing, to electronics, purses &amp; bags you name it. I highly recommend taking time to visit the Science &amp; Tech Museum if you can and definitely try to spend some time in that market place (often referred to as the &quot;Fake Market&quot; by the locals.The only draw back to this hotel is that if you are opposed to using the subway system then the cab ride across the river into Shanghai will take about 30-40 minutes so getting over to the Bund, Nanjing Rd, or XiTangDi will take some time. But other than that this place is great and I really recommend the hotel.Joseph SlobodaFort Lauderdale, FL	
Oct 16 2009 	Not more than average	Stayed here a total of 6 nights, stayed on an executive room with access to the club lounge on the 25th floor. The hotel has some good restaurants, although I did not like the Heji restaurant on the 3rd floor. It felt too formal for its clientel, and the waiters were uninterested at best. Breakfast at the club lounge was boring, not much to tempt you in the morning. The evening buffet was actually better.Club level benefits were ok, nothing special, but some of the staff were quite nice and remembered my preferences well. Front desk staff were all business, not much smiles or personal service there.Rooms felt quite old because of the decor, and the bathroom I had was huge without really making smart use of the space. Showers took too long to become hot. Bed was good though.Fitness facilites were good, and the location is decent, although you have to walk a while to find decent shops and restaurants.All in all it was a experience that will not last, and I doubt I would choose this hotel again when there are so many others in Shanghai to choose from.	
Jun 23 2009 	Good Choice	To me this hotel is just right, it is a no frills hotel that offers everything I need jsut at the standards that I need them. Location is in a nice spacious quiet area of Shanhai( which is not easy to find). I enjoy this neighborly quiet part of town. You can stroll to century park or walk down a couple pf blocks to a shopping mall. Room are well fitted and appointed, bathroom spacious with windows. thi will be my new regular home when Im in Shanghai.	
Jun 22 2009 	Good Hotel in a Good Location - 4 1/2 Stars	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza Century Park hotel for 4 nights the beginning of June. The hotel is very new and the rooms are large. Service was excellent and the food good. It is a three block walk to a shopping area with Carrefour and numerous restaurants. I would recommend and stay again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Very good hotel excellent value.	This hotel was chosen based upon reasonable transit to the Airport, coupled with value. The price I got through a website was unbelievable and I expected an average hotel - it turned out to be an excellent hotel in all respects - rooms, service, food, check-in service and location. In addition, you could get to the airport easily (40 minutes) using subway &amp; Maglev, or ('excitingly') a taxi for all or part of that journey. The location was very friendly for walking/jogging as there is a huge park nearby, wide streets etc. Not a great base for exploring the &quot;old&quot; Shanghai center, the Bund or general shopping but I will certainly stay here again whenever I need to overnight before a flight.	
Feb 3 2009 	Very Nice experience	Stayed here for 5 nights while attending an exhibition in Shanghai.I was upgraded to a club room. Club room had plenty of room, nicely decorated and a lovely bathroom.The club lounge is superb.Within walking distance of the Hotel there is a rather nice outdoor complex of bars,restaurants and shops that seem to have been built to cater to expats.Generally the area around the hotel is very peaceful and somewhat tranquil.Great for walkingService at the hotel was excellent .I will be staying here again in January 2009 for sure.	
Jan 11 2009 	Value for money	I am visiting Shanghai almost once a month and have, of course, tried many hotels in this city.Among the hotels in the Pudong district that I have stayed with for the last four-five years this is the best if you look on value for money.Very new and fresh, big beds and a nice bathroom make it an excellent choice.If you plan to visit Shanghai Exhibition Centre there is a free bus from the hotel in the morning and back again in the afternoon for every single exhibition all year round.The staff is “new” (as the hotel it self) and very keen to making your stay a comfortable one. Their understanding of English is over average compared to other hotels I have stayed with in Shanghai. It’s, in my experience, very rear that the bell-boy can have a meaningful chat with you in the elevator going up to your room.There is one restaurant on the ground floor operated by the hotel, which serves buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. It is, in my opinion, to expensive, but the food is good.On the third floor there is an independent Chinese restaurant (belonging to a chain as far as I know) which offers a traditional Chinese lunch or dinner. It is a huge restaurant with many separate rooms and several open areas with a lot of tables for two to six-seven people. I don’t know so much about this restaurant chain, but if you like Chinese food this restaurant will give you value for your CNY for sure! A dinner for three with tree-four dishes and two-three bottles of beer is a mere 150 – 200 CNY.On the 25th floor there is a lounge for those staying in Club rooms. They serve complimentary breakfast, beverages all day and drinks and snacks in the early evening. Nice area which will give you value for the extra 2 – 300 CNY you have to pay for a Club room per night.The close surroundings are mostly offices (Pudong local government is one) and flats. There are several small restaurants, a video shop, two bars, a massage parlour, a barbershop and two Family Marts close by. The area is quite popular among expatriates and you can meet many Europeans in the bars on weekends.For more serious shopping it’s only a short walk to Thumbs Plaza with many shops including Carrefour.For not so serious shopping it is a short walk to the copy market underneath the Science and Technology Museum. This is one place where you can try out your negotiating skills. Century Park, Shanghai’s largest park, is also within walking distance.A taxi to Times Square, Pudong (close to Intercontinental Hotel on Zhangjang Lu) is about 15 CNY and the same number of minutes. Here you will find several electronic markets and department stores with all international brands. There are also a large number of good restaurants in this area. The restaurants are not so easy to find though. Many are located several floors up and you have to be able to read Chinese signs or ask someone for the way to find them. Highly recommended is a small Sichuan restaurant in Thomson Business Centre ground floor for those who like spicy food and an authentic environment. I have never seen any Europeans in this restaurant over the years.If it’s your first trip to Shanghai or if you are a regular, Crown Plaza, Century Park is a really good hotel and can be highly recommended.	
Nov 16 2008 	Very Gem in a quiet and peaceful area of Pudong	I was on a business trip on Shanghai and decided to try out this brand new Crown Plaza. I am very happy with my decision. This is a very nice hotel with great hotel room that has a big bathroom.Breakfast is good with a great selection of warm and cold food. The buffet dinner is well priced for the selection that it has to offer. Hotel staff are friendly and extremely helpful and service is very fast. It is about 15min by cab away from the bustling luJiaZui area and for some reason I feel that the air fresher and colder in this region. Within 2min walk there is a whole strech of shophouses which includes resturants (korean, Japanese, Chinese, Pubs), massage, hair salon, pharmancy, convience store etc (very convinence)Infact I have such a great massage that we have been having massage almost daily :)If you are on the executive floor then you will enjoy the large and well-designed lounge on the 25 floor of the hotel. They offers free tea (organic tea) and coffee throughout the day. I have been using this to host my business counterpart and this is a great place for serious business discussion. Infact there is even a meeting room (I think for 10pax at least) that you can rent if required. Do note that you can only bring in 1 additional guest FOC to the executive lounge at any one time.The indoor swimming pool is a bit small but is great for a dip. Following that you can have spend sometime in the jacuzzi followed by a sauna session, ideal relaxing if you have 1hour to spare ! (All these will close by 11pm so do be there early)Some of my other friends who have seen the hotel has already make this their must stay hotel in Pudong.For me, this is definitely my preferred hotel in Pudong	
Jul 28 2008 	Value and Comfort in Shanghai	This hotel only recently opened. The staff was courteous, though the front desk staff did need to be reminded to fulfill some requests. The location wasn't perfect, but it was 1km from Thumb Plaza, a wonderful restaurant location. The bed was comfortable and rooms were clean. The gym had most everything you would need. The air conditioning was loud. It was a nice business hotel.	
Apr 11 2009 	Ottima sistemazione		
