Oct 25 2009 	Mixed Feelings	I am still here at the hotel and am checking out today. I have mixed feelings of this place. Positive: nice room decoration, large, well appointed room equipped with a printer, great bathroom, most staff friendly, good location for sightseeing or to Hongqiao/Gubei district, Chupa Chups at the reception (cute touch ;), nice view from the room if you are on the high floor, plenty of distilled water bottles in the room, etc...Well may be this has little to do with how comfortable the hotel is but the thing that disturbed me the most was the fact that we found few dead fish in the fish tanks on each floor EVRY DAY despite our attempts to correct the problem (we have written and called GM directly on two occasions). There are quite few fish tanks on each floor and they do add some flavor to the whole ambience of the hotel. However, if you find live fish feeding on the dead fish because they are so hungry right outside of your room, the whole desired effect is gone! This lack of attention to details equates to dirty toilet in a restaurant in my opinion. Imagine if you are at a posh restaurant. You find the food/service/atmosphere to your liking. Then you have to excuse yourself to go to the loo. And the toilet you find is a dirty mess! Also during our stay there was constant drilling and hammering noise from the construction site nearby and downstairs. We did not stay in the room the whole day so it was not too bad but despite the receptionist telling us all the construction stops at 6pm, some days it continued till 7pm. Most staff members are quite competent and friendly but I have found one girl (Ellen or Ely?) in the restaurant at 8th floor particularly unfriendly. Once my husband I went to have a breakfast there and although there was one other guest in the whole space, she told me to take a smaller table because she is expecting the place to be full. We did not follow her ‘instruction’ and took a bigger table for 4 by the window and from the beginning till the end of our breakfast, only two more guests arrived. She seemed angry the whole time we were there. What a nice way to begin a day! Next day at the breakfast I could not find a clean plate to put my food from the buffet so I asked the same girl, politely, ‘may I have a plate?’. She goes on with her chores without answering me so I said ‘excuse me?’ and she answered me with a very loud ‘YES (as in ‘I heard you!’). She also did not bring me the tea I asked for. As I mentioned, all other personnel I dealt with were polite and professional but it only takes only one person to destroy the whole experience in such a small establishment. Oh, and one last thing, we are in our late 30’s but sometimes we found the lighting in the room too dim. It would have been nice if we had a choice to dim it or brighten it.	
Sep 3 2009 	Amazing Hotel Big Problems	In 2008 I stayed at this hotel for 14 nights on three separate occasions. I keep going back, because it is quiet, well located, outstandingly designed with a wonderful attention to detail, the staff are friendly, helpful and very polite. The service is the best I have had anywhere. This is a truly wonderful boutique hotel. But you may be dissapointed.This boutique hotel reminds me of a very high performance italian sports car - a Lambourghini perhaps. Highly desirable, but you must put up with the problems.And there are definitely problems.Heating: The rooms are far too hot in winter and there is no way to cool them down as they only switch the air conditioning on during summer. And the windows open only a fraction. Noise: The hotel only has 8 floors so a bit of street noise excusable. However the famous nightclub on the ground floor makes a wild noise until 2.30am. When I had a room on the 5th floor my bed was shaking, the glass desk was vibrating and I could actually hear the DJ. When I moved to the 7th floor it was quiet. try and stay on the upper floors. The problem is that the hotel does not own the ground floor so they can do nothing about it. In October 2008 there was building work on the round floor. Jack hammers all day clearly heard from my room on the 7th floor.Plumbing: In all my visits I never managed to fill the uber-stylish bathtub. The water flow from the copper chrome taps was only a trickle. The massive tub looks amazing, so this is a real dissapointment.So why did I go back? Because it is just the most stylish, calming, discrete hotel I have stayed in with the best staff and a great location for doing business in Shanghai.	
Aug 23 2009 	what a disappointment.	Dead fish in the fish tanks. Ground floor facilities closed due to refurbishment. Constant hammering and drilling noise during days. Hopeless service; no concierge; receptionist refused to help change flights with airline even though I couldn't do it as I don't speak chinese. Inflexible: breakfast only for one even though I made a booking for two. We stayed four days. I asked if we could have two breakfasts on two days of our stay. Hotel staff refused. Breakfast was meagre and a disappointment anyhow. Staff lacking knowledge and unhelpful regarding tours. Not a good hotel for leisure travelers. Only good thing about the hotel, was the studio room and the hotel's location in the old French area of Shanghai. If you want a truly great boutique hotel experience in China, go to The Opposite House in Beijing instead. Book a studio 70 room. Brilliant service - staff will bend over backwards to help. Great facilities. Great food. Architecture and interior design, unique. Our room felt like the interior of Mies van der Rohe's Farnsworth House.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Hotel	As some other people have said it is not necessarily easy to find since the entrance is at the side. Also Cab drivers do not always drive right up to it becasue of the one way system which entails quite a long loop around the main roads to get to it. Hard to fault the hotel. Rooms are very nicely decorated and adequate size, though the shower drainage system which surrounds the toilet is a little strange. Very nice attentive staff, The air conditional in the common areas such as corridors and bar / restaurant at the top of the hotel, could be better. Make sure you do take advantage of the free happy hour drinks / snacks. Well worth while after a hot day of sightseeing. Otherwise the price of food and drink is quite expensive - for example about $6 US for a cup of coffee in the morning. The location of the hotel is great right next to Fuxing Park which has some great atmospheric sights at all times of day and it well within walking distance to restaurants and bars.All in all a great place to stay	
Jul 30 2009 	Once you find it it's a GREAT hotel.	We arrived on a dark rainy night, and got a little frantic when we went to the front of the bldg &amp; all the signs said 'closed for remodeling'. You have to go around to the back of the bldg to find the entrance - and it is poorly lit, but don't get discouraged!The lobby is very small, dimly lit, but nice. But the room was great. Big, clean as a whistle, great air con, gorgeous huge bathroom, swell amenities. We booked on CTRIP and breakfast was NOT included with our rate. Be sure to ask when you're booking, cause it's pricey to add on. We ate there once - for convenience. Very quiet/small restaurant. We decided to go out on our own on the other days. We loved the location (we're walkers) - right next to FUXING Park. We'd go back in a heartbeat.	
Jul 15 2009 	Perfect hotel in every way	Stayed here for 4 nights at the end of a 2 week holiday in China. I thought the room was perfect: very spacious, enormous comfortable bed, immaculate bathroom with drenching shower and a free standing tub you could have a party in. Everything was beautifully and tastefully designed. it was perfect for relaxing after a day out. It was also very reasonably priced given the above. There was a restaurant but didn't eat there.I also found the location great. It is in the 'french concession' area which is littered with interesting bars, restaurants and shops. There seemed to be a nice mix of locals, tourists and ex-pats out and about. It is a short stroll from some major shopping streets, a slightly longer walk to the shanghai old town area and a cheap taxi ride to the Bund.For tourists wanting to discover the variety of shanghai I would say it is a much better option than the internationl high rise hotels that abound elsewhere.	
Jun 27 2009 	Far exceeded my expectations with only a few negatives	I come to Shanghai several times a year for business. I almost always have stayed on the Bund or in other popular areas with business travelers. Le Royal Meridien Shanghai was my most common default place for comparison.Pudi Boutique Hotel was suggested by a colleague who stayed here a month ago, so I decided to try it. I travel a lot and rarely am wowed by a hotel room. This one did it. I stayed in one of the &quot;Studio Rooms&quot; and it has a large and comfortable king-size bed, with a flat-screen TV easily viewable. The TV itself is part of a &quot;shelf&quot; that swivels 360 degrees, so that you can watch the TV from the large desk opposite the bed. The opposite side of the TV is a classy bar with nice glass ware.The sitting area is glass-enclosed; the bathroom has a large tub, a walk-in shower wet room with rain forest shower head; the dual-sinks and washing-up area are well stocked, and the toilet area has a built-in magazine rack. The closets are large enough for my week stay, and are accessible from both the bathroom and the hallway (the closets are built into the hallway/bathroom divider, and have doors on both sides).Free wired internet in the room with ethernet cable included. Free printer in the room (USB cable included). Free breakfast included - both in the restaurant AND for in-room dining. Free cocktail hour in the evening. Free gym with one treadmill, one bike, a large set of free weights, and a universal machine. I never had anyone else in there when I used it.The downsides are only negative if you aren't expecting them:- There is only one restaurant in the hotel and it's not often other people are there. The menu isn't huge, so if you're a picky eater, you may eat the same meal more than once if you eat there often.- The location isn't as fun as The Bund - there's not a lot around the hotel itself. I'm not too adventurous for food, so I didn't try any local restaurants. The area feels quite residential actually. I did discover that within walking distance there's a shopping mall and cinema (Transformers and Terminator playing at the moment in English), so maybe I just didn't explore the area enough. But you should expect to taxi when you want to go somewhere.I think I've found my new hotel for Shanghai.	
Jun 26 2009 	FRINDLY STAFF AND BUT LACK OF KNOWLEDGE	Staff was very friendly , beautiful ...but staff lack of city knowledge and hotel knowledge	
Nov 20 2008 	Nice but sligthly overrated	Nice room with a great bathroom (lovely big bath), helpful staff and good location, but we felt it didn't really live up to the great reviews below. Not a bad choice though.	
Nov 8 2008 	a truly luxurious boutique hotel	It is not often that the hotel photos match reality but this did. Our suite was superbly comfortable and stunning to look at. The staff from our warm and friendly manager down to the young lady at the door were attentive and helpful. The position was ideal for exploring but still an oasis of calm.We cannot find anything to fault and recommend it to anyone especially, as we were told, &quot;if you want a soft landing&quot; for your first China experienceJenny and David Goldstein, Australia	
Sep 24 2008 	Pudi: great rooms and great staff!	My partner and stayed in Pudi Boutique Hotel for three nights last week (until 21 September) in a deluxe room. It was the most luxurious hotel room we had in our week long stay in China. We especially liked the stereo system in the swiveling bar in our room. The glass-enclosed bathroom was very spacious. The shower a bit dark and the toiletries not as nice as elsewhere, but the provision of two types of bathrobes, crispy white sheets, complimentary bottled water and a handy kitchenette more than compensated.The entrance to the hotel is at the back of the building, but staff are standing on the lookout all the time to help first time visitors. The location next to Fuxing Park and close to the restaurants and shops in the French Concession makes it ideal. Taxi's and metro are cheap and easy. The hotel staff were very helpful, translating destinations for us so that we could communicate with taxi drivers. They staff speak English well.Facilities inlcude a small but well equipped gym. Pity that the buffet breakfast closes at 10.30 am even on a Sunday.Would recommend this hotel to adults, looking for a bit of luxury and tranquility away from the big chain hotels.	
Sep 13 2008 	Truly excellent	This is all you could want in a hotel. The website didn't give away much information so I was hesitant to book, but am so glad I did. Excellent location, extremely friendly and helpful staff and best of all, the rooms. They're excellent - spacious, kitted out with beautiful objects and artwork, lovely soft beds and those great thick hotel sheets, a window seat overlooking the park below, a huge and luxurious bathroom with separate deep oval bath, and the best robes. We wandered up to the hotel bar during happy hour and whilst we sat at the large windows overlooking the city lights, we sampled excellent wine and hors d'ouvres FOR FREE! After Pudi we went to Paris and stayed in a luxury hotel, and all we could think about was Pudi. My advice - don't hesitate, just book the Pudi.	
Sep 10 2008 	Mom loved it	After my mother announced to visit me in Shanghai, I really wanted to make it for her a very special experience. That fore I visited several hotels in Shanghai to find the very best. Finally I ended up with the decision for the Pudi Boutique Hotel Fuxing Park. Why? The style and the location of the hotel! The hotel is located right next to Fuxing Park at the crossing of Yandang Lu and Nanchang Lu. You can walk to Huaihai Lu within 5 minutes and reach Xintiandi by walk in less than 15 minutes.When you arrive at the crossing you maybe won't find the hotel very quick, because the entrance is a little bit hidden. But there arrived nice hotel employees open the door and welcome you in a very dark reception area. You feel more like in a club than in a hotel, this makes it very special. After a very short check of your passport your floor manager will guide you to your room, where you first proceed the in-room check-in which is done very quick by a single signature. After wards you will be introduced to all room functions and features.The rooms are really beautiful decorated with high-quality furniture on over 50 sqm. You feel like in a mix of art and furniture exhibition because of the very good condition of the rooms. In Shanghai you often find very hard beds which sometimes are not very comfortable for European backs. This hotel offers great soft beds and an extraordinary complimentary pillow menu. The bathroom offers plenty of space, a bathtub with massage function, a rain forest shower as well as two sinks. The desk offers a lot of space as well as complete office equipment and a printer.Other amenities of this hotel where the outstanding service and the roof terrace, which offers a stunning view over the French Concession area as well as a outdoor jacuzzi. Your floor manager is always reachable for you and gives his very best to have yourself a pleasant stay.The breakfast is served on the 8th floor. A small but fine buffet offers a choice of cereals, a lot of fruits, Swiss cheese and more... additionally you can order from their breakfast menu. I recommend the &quot;champagne scrambled eggs&quot; which makes your start of the day even more special. My mother finally stayed two nights at the Pudi in a Studio Room and really enjoyed her time there. She had never seen anything comparable to this hotel style and it's service before.	
Sep 7 2008 	Perfect place in a perfect area	We just returned from a 4 weeks trip in China, that was started by a 3 nights stay at the Pudi hotel in Shanghai, and that finished there too with one additional night.We loved the hotel for it's brilliant decoration and the kindness, competence and availability of the staff.The Pudi hotel has been rated by our kids &quot;best hotel in China&quot;!	
Feb 17 2008 	Terrific little place	I gave this place 5/5 based on value for money.Stayed here for 2 nights in late January and chose this place because of trip advisor. I booked the room through sofitels website. If you book 15 days in advance you get a good discount, so I ended up paying about US$150.00.The staff were friendly and efficient and spoke surprisingly very good english. Other reviews at other hotels in Shanghai seem to complain about the level of english of staff.Room was grand with comfy bed, large new bathroom, and spotlessly clean. It was hard to fault. There are fish tanks all over the place. Groovy.Breakfast was delicious. The second morning I flew out early so asked for room service. Apparently the earliest you can get it is 6.30am. I nevertheless put down 6am on the form and it arrived at 6am!The only 2 minor issues I had here were that on a Saturday night there is a disco on the ground floor. A previous reviewer mentions this so I booked a quiet room and was put on the top floor. I could hardly hear the disco and it did not keep me awake. Secondly, the shower's plumbing was a little dodgy and water was leaking underneath the tiles. This reduced the pressure from the shower head which was ashame.Overall a terrific little hotel and I loved my stay here.GrahamAUSTRALIA	
Feb 16 2008 	Highly recommended	We chose this new hotel based on reviews in tripadvisor and were not disappointed. The standard and size of the accommodation was superb for the base rate we paid, and the facilities in the room were far beyond that found in grander establishments. The friendly, helpful staff have been well trained by their new Dutch manager, who makes himself accessible to his guests. Any minor teething problems (some have been mentioned in earlier posts) are acknowledged and being resolved and should in no way discourage future travellers. This is not an hotel for backpackers on a tight budget or those chasing loyalty points in some faceless high-rise. Business travellers will be delighted with the office space, solo females with the level of security, and tourists with the haven of peace and quiet where staff address you by name. More than worth a visit.	
Feb 3 2008 	Boutique through 	Great hotel, service attentive. Stayed in the junior suite so very spacious. good restaurants nearby. didn't eat in the rest. as only there for 4 nights! Good breakfasts. Loved the style and atmosphere. Manager there at breakfast time to say hello.booked through accor. asia website &amp; got a better deal than if booking with accor.com	
Jan 17 2008 	Close to perfect	Pudi is very close to the perfect hotel. Reception staff are incredibly helpful and friendly, you're checked in by your own personal butler and given a quick tour of everything before being shown to your room. Rooms are large and lavishly appointed (in an understated and tasteful way, apart from the Dallas-esque bar). Beds are supremely comfortable, bathrooms feature jacuzzi baths and large rainforest showers and everything you might possibly want or need has been provided. Breakfast is impressive and the location is central. However, we had a couple of issues. One was the nightclub on the ground floor - we could hear music from it unitl 2.30am one night (and we were six floors above it). To be fair, staff offered to move us to another room when we rang to ask how long it would continue, but moving room's not really a solution at 1am, and obviously is only an option when the hotel's not full. Our other issue was that the room was extremely warm and the aircon had been set for hot air only. Our final issue was that the hotel hosted a fashion show one evening which meant that breakfast on that morning finished earlier than usual, and was uncomfortable because people from the show were standing over guests, hustling them out of the dining room which was to be set up for the show. Otherwise, top marks to Pudi.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great find in great area in Shanghai	Pudi Boutique Hotel is run by the Accor Hotel Group but it behaves like an exclusive boutique hotel. Stayed there for 3 nights and couldn't be more pleased. The hotel is brand new and the room was great- I especially liked the huge bathroom. Breakfast on the top floor of this 8 floor hotel is not to be missed-- try the vanilla french toast. Overall, a great experience in a great location in Shanghai. Close to the Dragonfly massage spa where we got foot massages each night!	
Oct 6 2007 	Cool and funky finding by Fuxing Perk	I agree with all that the previous reviewer has to say about this small,comfortable and friendly hotel. Staff speak good English (which is not always the case in Chinese hotels).Rooms have all manner of gadgetry but are also comfortable, relaxing and user friendly. Great beds spacious bathrooms and free internet access. The business traveller will find the desk drawer full of office equipment and there is a printer/fax in all rooms. Atmospheric public area lighting is not always the brightest but soothing and restful.The top floor houses a restaurant, bar, meeting room, small gym and roof terrace. Good breakfasts are served by friendly and attentive staff.Situated within easy walking distance of Xintiandi where there are numerous restaurants and shops. Do find time to stroll around Fuxing Park particularly in the morning when hundreds of locals gather for exercises and social dancing.Only opened in June '07, rates are currently well below the published tariff (see [-]). This hotel is run by Accor Hotels but is not really a Sofitel despite appearing as such on the web site.	
Jul 29 2007 	Pudi is great for business or pleasure!	Pudi Boutique hotel is a great choice in Shanghai! The website does it no justice, as this really is a gem of a hotel!It is a smaller boutique/design hotel, with around 50 rooms. The staff were very friendly, and very helpful in every possible way. The service is truly top notch.Pudi is located just next to Fuxing Park, in the French Concession. It's convenient location made walking out for dinner, drinks, and shopping very easy.The rooms are incredible in terms of decor. It was a successful marriage of modern, chic style and ammenities, with a predominately chinese feel. The entrance to each room has a large fish tank built into the wall, as well as an enormous tank in the lobby. Inside the rooms, an entire wall is windows, with a view of either the park or the street, with the blinds controlled by remote. The King bed is very comfortable, and we especially enjoyed the 'pillow menu,' where upon arriving you get to order which pillows you would like for your stay. The bathroom is stunning- a wet room for the shower, and the biggest stand along bath tub we have possibly ever seen. Rooms are divided in half, so to speak, with a tv in the center that is on a stand that swivels around. On one side is the bedroom part, and on the other a large desk with phone, fax, printer..., some chairs to relax in, and the other side is the bed.The top floor of Pudi is the restaurant, gym, bar, lounge, and outdoor terrace... again, all beautifully designed, very elegant, and with stellar service.The water in Shanghai is undrinkable, and the hotel is excellent at giving plenty of bottled water to guests. Everytime we returned to our room, there would be at least six new bottles of water.If travelling to Shanghai on either business if pleasure, Pudi is a great choice!	
Aug 29 2009 	??????????		
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent hôtel!!!		
May 8 2008	Sympatique mais approximatif		
Mar 31 2008 	ein schönes haus - aber besser nicht am wochenende!		
Jan 12 2008 	schönes Design super Lage aber technische Probleme und nachts laut!!!		
Jan 7 2008 	L'excellence au coeur de l'ancienne concession Française		
Oct 17 2007 	Increible hotel situacion lujo asiatico en un boutique hotel		
