	Great Hotel - Highly recommended	Stayed here in July 2009 for 3 nights on a business trip. The room is spacious and clean. The bathroom is beautiful with great view. Excellent service.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great Hotel	I loved this hotel. Very modern with a great room and fantastic views of the Mao tower or the river , depending on your room location. I stayed 3 times in 2 weeks, so I say 3 different rooms. All were to a very high standard. The subway is just across the road and taxis are cheap so the location should not be a problem for tourists. Breakfast was also very good, with a good choice of &quot;european&quot; food.	
Nov 10 2009 	very happy with choice	We arrived very late but service was excellent. Although we did not plan to have breakfast, we decided to try it. It was amazing! Something for all tastes. We had a standard room but there was nothing else to wish for. A wonderful wetroom! View onto the river.On the other side is the Metro and also busconnections into all areas. Wonderful! But even taking a taxi doesn't cost the world. A great hotel that is a real bargin for the price!We used the swimming pool and the sauna and enjoyed it immensly.	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent facilities - friendly staff	I stayed here for 8 days when I was visiting family - Hotel is very nice but a little bit out of the way. Saying that the underground is directly across the road from here and it is by far the best way to get round the city. The underground is very modern with a train every few minutes- most we had to wait was a maximum of 5 minutes. If you do not want to use the Underground you can use taxi's which are also very cheap. A run into the city centre was only about 1200RMB ( about £1.20) Hotel itself is very nice with a lovely swimming pool and Gym / steam rooms. there is a choice of 3 restuarants - we visited the Cantonese one in the restuarant and were not really impressed with the food but it was probably because it was different than what we are used to in a Cantonese restuarant at home. The staff in the hotel were very good - room service etc was quick and affordable- Rooms are nice with a glass partition between the bathroom and the bedroom so if you want you can lie in the bath and watch the Tv (Movie channels &amp; news channels in English )I would certainly go back here but it is a little bit quiet just outside the hotel but 5 mins in a taxi and you are in the financial district where there is plent life.	
Oct 9 2009	Great hotel but out of town	Lovely hotel with fabulous rooms .Lobby bar a bit lacking in atmosphere.Good breakfastLovely swimming pool.Long way from any attractions but near the metro	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent 5 star hotel - poor location	The reason the Eton gets rated so highly is because its an excellent 5-star hotel at a 3-star price. Many of the reviewers are unaccustomed to it and are bowled over by the experience. And the experience is good. The problem is the location. If you need to be there then that's OK, but otherwise it's a long way from the centre. Wanting some beer and snacks I asked directions and headed off: after 5 mins I had passed empty offices, empty plots, two very seedy brothels and a run down looking noodle place, before finding the &quot;supermarket&quot; stocked with out of date strange brands and very dimly lit - like something from Moscow circa 1991. All very un-Shanghai. Yes the underground is opposite the door, but those trains only travel every 20 mins most of the time, and you will always have to change at the next stop. Going out to a bar? - that'll be 15mins in a taxi. The whole area is being rebuilt - streets being torn up and many building sites - but even when they've finished the Eton will be in a poor location.	
Sep 26 2009 	Excellent hotel - too far off the action	Excellent 5 star hotel located in Pudong. Outstanding room. Unfortunately, the hotel is located approximately one mile from the tourist attractions in Pudong. Not much in the hotel neighbourhood due to construction ongoing on Pudong Avenue. Metro (subway) located across the street.	
Aug 21 2009 	best hotel of shanghai!!!!	All in the hotel is superb...EXcellent pool, incredible rooms with 3 lcds TV, incredible views and location, great lobby , enormous buffet breakfast, excellent service....It has the best executive lounge that I have ever been.I will remember always how smells the hotel, it is a mix of roses and orchyds....absolutelly incredible...A paradise on earth....	
Jul 29 2009 	Very Good	A very nice hotel. The room looked new and elegant. Service was good and breakfast was good with a large selection.Location just ok as it was a bit far from the citycentre, but taxi is cheap so we didnt mind.	
Jul 29 2009 	Very good will be staying here from now on	I travel to Shanghai for work about 7-8 times a year. I usually stay at The Barony which is just down the road from The Eton. I got a really great rate at The Eton and was able to stay here this trip...what a difference between the 2 hotels! The room was great, the gym and pool were great. The spa was a little on the pricey side but I always go to the DragonFly Spa just a 10 minute walk from here on ChangYi rd. I ordered room service a couple of times...it was good. The breakfast was great, lot's to choose from. The only thing that I didn't like was that they apply a 15% surcharge to everything here.Other than that, no complaints. Whenever I go back to Shanghai I will be staying at The Eton from now on.	
Jun 23 2009 	Always great	I travel to Shanghai every 3 months and The Eton is always where I end up. From my experience, there are no other hotels in Shanghai (Puxi or Pudong) that offers a better or similar combination of price and quality.I typically stay in an Executive room, which includes a great quality breakfast on the Executive floor (with a great view of the city) and free internet access, amongst other things.The staff is very courteous and employees will go out of their way to make sure you have a great stay. While most employees speak some English, communication can be a bit arduous at times. But that is true for all hotels I have been to while in China, including American-owned hotels.The rooms on the Executive Floors are great: very clean, bed is comfortable, work area adequate, nice size LCD TV mounted on the wall. The only complain I have is that the shower pressure is very average.As many people have mentioned, there is a metro station very nearby (less than 5 minutes walk). There are a few corner stores/groceries around if you want to buy your own snacks and save some money. As far as dining goes, you will not find many good restaurants at a walking distance; but a 10 minutes taxi ride will bring to other areas (such as the Times Square), where you have plenty of options for a great dinner. I have tried mainly western-style food from The Eton, and although it was acceptable, there are much better alternatives a few kilometers away. So if you're tired and want to relax, don't worry: ordering room service will be okay. But if you're feeling good, I suggest you go out.I strongly recommend this hotel, and will definitely go back.	
Jun 11 2009 	Wonderful contemporary luxury hotel	Great hotel for business or leisure travel. I have stayed at this hotel 5 times in the last year and the hotel is superb. The rooms are beautiful with great vies of downtown Shanghai.	
Jun 9 2009 	Excellent hotel	I stayed at this hotel for one night last year for my birthday. We lived about 1 hour away and unfortunately forgot our passport which was obviously a major problem. The staff were extremely helpful and understanding, and let me wait in the executive lounge with free refreshments while we waited to resolve the problem. When we eventually made it to our room, I was very impressed. The bathroom was simply amazing and as we had an executive room we were able to have free refreshments in the lounge whenever we wanted, including cocktails, ice cream and canapes during the cocktail hour. The swimming and spa facilities were also impressive.	
Jun 6 2009 	How it could be that someone is positive about this hotel !!	My Chinese partner and I did checked in in this hotel May 12 2009 and did leave the hotel again within 1 hour. The hotel looks moderate from the outside and the hallway and lobby are looking great; but the staff shows no happynes or willingness to do their job good at all. The bathroom is twice as big as in other hotels and looks fancy but but the left over space in a normal room became so small, that it is giving no space to be to happy in the room itself. Also the room was smelly.In first view the lobby and stairways in the hotel look impressing, but wit a second look, the decoration is a BAD copy of European-like products. Even the furniture and lightning in the rooms itself, it is all missing a good taste and the perfection. After this worce experience, the operator of Hotels.com did advice us to try the Novotel, what was in all aspects of qualitie, service and value for money 10 times better than that lausy Eton Hotel.	
May 30 2009 	Brilliant!	Wonderful hotel, after roughing it for a few weeks backpacking. The service was second to none - special mention to Roland Shi (chief concierge) who helped with arrangements to send a parcel of clothes to the hotel from home - I didn't even have to ask about the parcel when I checked in, it was given to me. The breakfast was all you could want, and the room was fantastic. We took photos of the bathroom for inspiration when we build a new bathroom in our home!! The location is not perfect for tourists, but with taxis so cheap, this should not be an influencing factor when deciding where to stay in Shanghai.	
May 29 2009 	brilliant!	we had a great stay at this hotel and wonderful city. conveniently located in pudong, it was easy to reach to the city centre by taxi and the view of the high rises was just stunning both during the day and at night. in terms of design and decoration, the definite Chinese touch in the hotel is a real charm, especially when it comes to the music. =) the rooms were very spacious and clean with excellent amenities. we had room service once and the food exceeded our expectations given that it was western kind of food that we ordered. i definitely recommend this place!	
May 22 2009 	Great hotel location not so much	The hotel in itself is great: all new, beautiful lobby, great spacious rooms with awesome bathrooms. The breakfast buffet also is AMAZING!But, two dark sides: the location first. It is not well located in Shanghai, and even though there is a subway stop right in front of the hotel, as a tourist it was not very convenient. Second, the service. I know this is China but the concierge was bad, the breakfast waiters even worse, and don't even get me started on the service in the cantonese restaurant!But I shouldn't be too picky - this hotel is still a GREAT value for money, with 5* rooms at an affordable price.	
May 7 2009 	Great hotel for the price paid	I stayed at this 5 star hotel from April 27th to May 5th 2009. We were 3 people which stayed at the Executive room but were upgraded to the Executive premium room free of charge. Let me begin by mentioning that this in no terms is the most luxuries hotel in Shanghai, this does not mean it is a bad hotel though. This hotel is located in a construction zone due to Expo 2009 being placed in Shanghai, if you want to take the subway to places it is a great location but if you want to be right in the heart of the shopping district you should choose the Le Royal Meridein Shanghai (keep in mind its $1600 more) for our stay so we choose to take the subway to places such as Nanjing Road East which is the biggest shopping district in China, the cost was 4 RMB per person and took around 30 minuites to travel there. Here are the pros and cons of the hotelPros: Hotel price was very decent considering the services that were included. The services were very good buffet breakfast, something called happy hour which goes on from 5pm to 7:30 pm, this happy hour is for executive floor clients and offers all you can eat snaks which we were able to do as our dinner, the drinks are also included on a all you can drink bases, there are various alchol and non alcholic drinks available.The staff are very willing to help considering the lanugage barrier.all in all I would give this hotel 5 stars for value for money, 5 stats for guest services and 5 stars for overall satisfaction.the hotel is great for the bang for the buck, when we reserved our room the hotel had a 30% price reduction through major sites such as travelocity , hotels.ca and expedia.caCons: The room was a bit on the small size, the bathroom was very big but useless big, the tub could accomidate 4 people easily but was not a jacuzi, just a regular huge tub	
Apr 27 2009 	tacky 	stayed there for four nights in april 2009, selected solely on tripadvisor #1 recommendation. i was more than slightly disappointed. it's a good hotel no doubt, but personally i, being in my late 20s, would not rate it anywhere near #1.the view from the 36th floor was nice, the room was super spacious and made with good materials. a tv in the bathroom next to a mirror, and you could see the skyscrapers from the bathtub. we got a smoking room but there was no smell of cigarettes. there was a 7/11 in the same block. downstairs had good wifi that required authentication through a forced redirect page but had all ports open and worked well for free. the atmosphere downstairs was very cheesy, entertainment music played live on grand piano, overpriced white wine and complimentary peanuts you have to pay for. i felt that the staff was hiding behind a fawny &quot;of course sir, yes sir, hello sir&quot; attitude and was not really interested in where we went for dinner and for shopping, etc. an example: after a determined struggle i got the concierge to book us a flight to beijing. given no intervention he would have picked the first on his list despite my special requests. there was a pimp offering his services every night outside the hotel, he was quite persistent even though i told him i'm not interested in his services. he was wearing indoor clothing and emerged out of the blue every time i went to 7/11.this hotel was a good choice for having a nice view at the pudong skyscrapers. there was a metro station right next to the hotel, however the line it was on seemed to be rather peripheric. going anywhere without too much time to spend, you need to take a taxi which will be stuck in the traffic going into a tunnel. it doest cost much but takes your precious time. this is not a downtown hotel from which you can walk to places.that being said, i can recommend this without reservations to those for whom &quot;tacky&quot; and &quot;cheesy&quot; mean &quot;luxurious&quot;.	
Apr 17 2009 	Love the Granduer	Excellent Location. Its granduer is worth mentioning. Rooms are very comfortable. Indoor swiming pool, spa service, Gym are very well maintained.	
Mar 25 2009 	upmarket	my husband and I stayed at the Eton for 2 nights in April 2008. The hotel is a lovelyand modern establishment. only negatives was beware of staff at spa. They offeredmore than was on the brochure.. and wanted to be paid privately for extras offered. booked a massage and was informed that this was without oils and was to pay the lady privately if i wanted this. other than this, the facilities such as indoor swimming pool, sauna, etc. was fantastic and well run. The Eton, because of its situation(pudong area) is a bit out of the way but the subway across the street will get you to the centre of shanghai very easily. would i go back? yes, probably	
Mar 20 2009 	Great hotel+They made me feel at home!	Stayed for four weeks on a business trip, which can be quite a long time...but surprise: I loved the view from their rooms, the really spectacular bathrooms (the ones with a round bathtube are like your own little swimmingpool) and their breakfast is great, too. Stayed also in the most-expensive hotels in Shanghai, but the breakfast now disappoints me after my experience in the Eton, where you get top-quality for half the price. Everyone of the staff was really helpful and they were so nice to me. Thank you, I really felt at home!	
Mar 20 2009 	A fantastic place to stay in Shanghai	The Eton Hotel is one of the better hotels in Shanghai, and is a good value for the money. The lobby and restaurant areas are clean and bright, and the staff is generally friendly and helpful.The included breakfast is a bit more limited than some of the other hotels in the area, but they more than make up for the decreased quantity with very high-quality offerings, which span from traditional Western breakfast options, to regional dishes. The only gripe I could possibly have is that their sushi options are quite meager. Overall, though, it is a great way to start your day.The rooms are very modern and trendy, with a sleek design and very nice amenities. For those who forget their plug adapters, there are even a few North American outlets provided in each room. The view from the rooms is decent, offering a nice view of the downtown area and the river.Finally, the location is very good! While it is a bit removed from the downtown area (1k or so), it is right across the street from the subway, which despite what the locals will tell you, is an extremely easy and efficient way to get around the city, even for those who do not understand Chinese. For those who don't want to brave the subway, there are ample cabs, which can get you pretty much anywhere for very little money. Just have the hotel staff write your destination in Chinese to help ensure you get where you want to go.For business travelers or techies, there is internet service available for purchase, and the speed is great. Access is somewhat less restricted than in other parts of the country, though access to certain liberal-leaning news sites still appears to be blocked.All in all, the Eton is a good value for a good higher-end room in Shanghai!	
Mar 16 2009 	bad location; dishonest hotel concierge assisting in taxi stand area	hotel itself is clean. we were offered a room with only a single bed when we arrived when we specifically mentioned we wanted two beds when we booked. this was immediately fixed though. breakfast is good.what we didnt like was the one staff who was dishonest to us. a bell boy named chan who was assisting in the taxi cab queue right outside the hotel. as the hotel is far from almost everything taking the taxi was our means of transportation esp since we were travelling with small children. he convinced us to take two cabs instead of one insisting that cabs cannot take in 3 adults and two kids. we later found out that we could take one cab if we let the children sit on our lap. for the amount of money we paid, i think we could have opted for another hotel on the other side of pudong area.	
Feb 10 2009 	Not great	Stayed at the Eton for a week in a club room. The Eton suffered from the same problems as all the hotels we stayed in over a month in China, except the problems seemed to be worse at the Eton. This was surprising for Shanghai, where I expected higher standards than elsewhere in hotels catering to the international market.First, the good:The room was modern and fresh, with nice touches like a tv in the bathroom. It was on the small side (Hong Kong size) but this was not a problem. The fit-out of the place seemed a little cheap, but was ok.The pool area was fabulous - nicer than in most top end hotels. The gym was also well-equipped.Breakfast was excellent, the best we encountered in China (although fresh fruit was lacking and the staff were surly - more about that in a minute).Now, the bad:The staff. It seems ridiculous that, everywhere in China, the housekeeping staff are hugely friendly and courteous, and the rest of the staff are either stand-offish or rude. The Eton was no exception, although the reception, breakfast and lobby lounge staff deserve particular mention for rudeness. Even when they did manage to crack a thin smile, the staff were just plain unhelpful. Some examples - the concierge was often nowhere to be seen (and pretty unhelpful too!) so we asked someone at reception to write down a street name for us in Chinese. This would have taken 2 seconds but we were redirected to the (empty) concierge desk. The person in charge of the lobby lounge (where the club drinks and canapes were served) seemed reluctant to serve us and was completely unsmiling and prone to snapping when she did. The list goes on. We visited in January and, unfortunately, our stay coincided with the maintenance and spring cleaning weeks of the year and most of the hotel facilities were closed. We were not informed of this when we booked and we certainly did not get a knockdown rate, so it seemed a little poor. On a practical level, this meant no club lounge (drinks and canapes in the lobby), no business centre for the first half of our stay, and a fairly whopping amount of building noise in our room during the day. The hot water system seemed to be on the blink - the water had to run for 10 minutes or more (I'm not joking) before it would get hot, and even then it wasn't piping hot. Since they turned the water off a few times during our stay perhaps they were fixing it along with everything else.A word on the location - we went with our eyes open to the location and I certainly wouldn't be put off by it. The subway is across the road and taxis to Puxi can be quick depending on the driver. And this is the big catch - taxi drivers in Shanghai seem to have a hell of a time keeping up with all the road closures due to construction of subway lines, buildings, new roads etc, so a taxi ride can easily turn into an hour going round and round in circles if you're not careful. We usually take the subway during the day and taxis at night in big cities but by the end of the week we avoided taxis at all costs. The subway is just easier. There are nooks and crannies in Pudong worth exploring but the whole area around the hotel is basically a construction site at the moment, and a very muddy one at that, so we gave up on walking around.Conclusion - not the most expensive hotel in Shanghai which explains some of the shortcomings. However, the service could easily be improved and apparently this wouldn't cost a thing since the lowest paid staff were fabulous and very friendly. The price of the hotel is comparable to those in many international cities, but the experience is not.	
Dec 17 2008 	Loved it	I booked this hotel through Orbitz- received a 3 star price for a 5 star hotel. It was awesome. The hotel was really, really nice. When I got there they were not able to accommodate my request for non-smoking room so I ended up taking a smoking room on a smoking floor- you could not tell it was smoking. There was no smell neither in the room nor on the whole floor. Just amazing. The only downfall was the communication with the staff was a bit tough (maybe it just the culture) but I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking to stay in the Pudong area. One advisory- do not plan on eating at the hotel b/c all establishments are really expensive. However, there are many food options in the area within 10-15 min walk as well as as some &quot;special massage&quot; places. P.S. All photos from the hotel website are accurate. Rooms look exactly the same as they advertise.	
Dec 10 2008 	Comfort First Class Service To Die For Breakfast Buffet	We stayed at the Eton for a conference at the Int'l Convention Center for five nights in December 08. The check in was smooth and all service people were highly attentive. We were going to bring up our luggage on our own, but the bellman rushed to take it away as soon as we stepped into the hotel. We were greeted with a friendly &quot;hello&quot; whenever we crossed paths with a service person. Very knowledgeable about the area and helpful with calling taxis, etc.The location isn't too central (about a 10 minute taxi ride to the convention center for $2) but there is a subway station directly across the street and the subway system is somewhat easy to understand. There are a couple of nice restaurants/pubs/cafes/shopping in walking distance. There are English translations (some lost in translation) everywhere.We asked for a room with a view and were given just that...although I'm sure most rooms have a view since the Eton's rooms are on the 26th floor on up. Rooms are spacious and modern with two flatscreen TVs (one in the bathroom). Beds are really comfortable and we referred to the bath as a mini pool. Complimentary bottled water is in the room. The breakfast buffet (OH BOY!) is definitely the highlight. Many choices, including Western, Japanese, Chinese, wonderful bakery items. I wish I could have just one more breakfast there...Highly recommended choice for what should be a five star hotel.	
Dec 9 2008 	Unbelievable Hotel--So-so location	I stayed here while I attended a conference at the Shanghai International Conference Centre which is only a 10 minute taxi ride (which is cheap: $2USD). Great location for the conference, but not so great for sightseeing although the subway is directly across the street. This hotel is EXCELLENT! Very new--clean, bright and comfortable rooms. Flat screen TV with lots of english channels, but no pay on demand movies. Room service was excellent (although pricey). I booked through expedia for a rate &lt; $150 USD /night and loved it there. I highly recommend going with the access to the lounge and executive floors--the lounge is great--lots of food, snacks and drinks so we never had to worry about getting drinks before we came home (i.e. water, beer, soda, liquor). Also, this deal included breakfast--wow! what a buffet! all types of food--american, asian style and done VERY well. The croissants rivaled those we have had in France. The bacon and eggs are also terrific. Then you can also have what looks like chinese dinner! Lastly, our package included free internet with the executive floors (38-40).Overall, great place, locaton is good for going to the SICC conf centre, but only so-so for touring. 2 nights we had troubles getting a cab back because they were not servicing the Pudong area due to their restricted license (I think?). but the subway is cheap and very accessible. I would definitely stay here again for the 5 star quality.	
Dec 6 2008 	My new favorite hotel in Shanghai	I was originally booked at a hotel nearby, but on my arrival day they had a fire and I was rebooked at the Eton Hotel down the road. Lucky me.The location is not as bad as some reviewers make it sound, a taxi to the Bund is less than 5.00, you can walk to the shopping area around the Intercontinental Hotel in 20 minutes. And the views from all rooms are incredible. Floor to ceiling windows will do that!The room is excellent, I would say that the bed beats the &quot;heavenly bed&quot; at the Westin. Soaker tub with a view and a TV in the bathroom. Buffet is up to snuff with the St. Regis and most other international chains in Shanghai. Can't complain about that.Adjacent to the lobby is a coffee shop called Costa Coffee, a Starbucks knock off, in case that you are getting tired of buffet breakfast.Most definitely a great hotel and my new choice in Shanghai.Common areas and fitness centre are clean, inviting and the staff does pay attention.	
Nov 20 2008 	Extremely Dissappointing	After reading the reviews for this hotel, I was expecting to be at least mildly impressed. I was not. I got their using the subway and lugged 3 bags to the front door. There were doormen their, but no one opened the door and no one help me with the bags. I had booked the prepaid rates and attempted to put the membership# from their loyalty club on the stay; they wouldn't do it. The english of the lady would check me in was pretty good, so that was a plus. The carpet in the hallways are old and worn and the rooms could use a renovation. The bathroom were OK, but they too could use an update.I ate at the restaurant and the selection was pretty good. One slightly annoying thing was that they kept playing a cheesy muzak, truncated version of Jackson Browne's &quot;The Road&quot; over and over. I guess that's one way to keep guests from overstaying their welcome at the buffett!After several days of eating asian food, I asked the conceirge for a good western restaurant in the area, he recommended Hooter's!All in all, I expected this to be a good hotel after seeing that it had the number position on trip advisor. In my opinion it should be much lower.	
Oct 18 2008 	Nice hotel- would stay in a different location	This is a lovely hotel, and the staff are exceptionally helpful and attentive, however the on the day we checked in we were assigned a twin room with 2 single beds when we had booked a double. We were given an upgrade to a larger room with a better view, but if we had been stuck in the first room, it would have been a much more disappointing experience (terrible view of shipyards etc, when you are paying a premium price for that sort of accommodation). The location was our main gripe though, as we didn't realise that although taxis are cheap and reliable (they drive VERY differently- i.e crazy!!!) and I would much have preferred to stay on the BUND or on the other side of the river. There isn't anything in Pudong except shipyards and although the Jin mao tower and sheraton are there they are much closer to the river than the Eton. Every time you want to get anywhere you have to go in a taxi/train under the tunnel to the side of the river where everything is. Next time I would definitely stay in the french concession/bund area- the hotel itself is fine though, but the location is pretty inconvienient and boring if you want to experience the night life and markets etc.	
Oct 12 2008 	Best Hotel In Pudong/Shanghai	I have stayed at this hotel for a few months this year, and will not stay at another hotel now in Shanghai. This hotel is the best around. The staff is excellent, so attentive, friendly, and willing to help you with whatever you need. The accomodations are top notch,and if you get a room with the view of the skyline of Pudong/Shanghai, you will be astounded. The rooms are really quite posh, with large tubs (most of them at least), comfortable beds, large TVs, and overall, just a feeling that it's better than whatever other choice you might have made. The service in the lobby is at times a bit much, but that's also just due to you being in a western hotel in China. The location is very nice, right across the street from the subway (line 4, pudong ave), and there are a plethora of taxis. The restaurants in the hotel are what you would expect in a hotel restaraunt, whatever that is. Behind the hotel is quite a pleasant little garden area that you won't think much of until you realize that there really isn't a lot of grass in Shanghai, and that it's a nice secluded area to remove yourself form the hectic-ness of 2 blocks away. It's a block away from the ferry across the Huangpu, and a pretty simple subway ride from the Maglev station.There's a coffee shop next door that caters to the business crowd, and a wine store that appears to have a good selection. You're a short walk or taxi ride from the major mall in Pudong, and all the touristy stuff that side of the river is famous for. You won't be let down at this hotel, I highly recommend it!!!!	
Oct 3 2008 	What a Gem of a place !	Stayed In Shanghai many times and this place really offers not only the best value for money but great rooms and service as welll. Rooms really well appointed, roomy 2 flatscreen, TV's and spotlessly clean. My only single gripe was that they charged a small fortune for internet access. My tip here is to go downstairs into the adjoining costa coffe place where you get free wifi. The cost of the coffee alone only gave you 10mins internet access in your room. Also if you hunt around enough on the net you can always pick a room up there for $150 ish. Try either C Trip.com or otel.com Oddly enough these 2 seem to swing from being the most expensive to cheapest every other month.Have already booked to stay here again and this place will now be my regular stopover in Shanghai. Only downside at present (Oct08) there are roadworks outside which makes access a but tricky for taxis but you could not hear any other the works in your rooms.	
Sep 23 2008	excellent hotel	Stayed for 4 nights recently and decided to book an executive room which although a little more expensive than standard room gave me free breakfast in executive floor lounge and also free internet access. Was upgraded to junior suite which was excellent- very comfortable, flat screen TVs in abundance, good desk etc. There are some roadworks outside hotel at present which are not noisy but make access a little difficult for taxi's - make sure that you have hotel address in Pinyin as 2 drivers did not know location of hotel. Very good gym and pool which are hardly used at all, Cantonese restaurant OK, I found all staff to be very helpful and friendly-will definitely stay there again	
Aug 7 2008 	Not quite a 5-star just ok for service	This hotel works OK for a business hotel. Though the location is not very close to anything. I don't know who or how the label 5-star gets decided but I would question that.I was disappointed because my shower kept clogging up. And I contacted the front-desk 3 different times and finally gave up. Supposedly they had fixed it after the 2nd contact, but it was NOT fixed. Tried to explain to them the problem, but no luck.Didn't expect to stand in a puddle of water while showering at a 5-star hotel. And did not want to stick my hands in the drain. I even explained the problem to the manager afterwards, but that didn't help either... not sure he understood everything.The staff speaks english but just enough to give you a welcome. Any deeper issues to be communicated - well good luck getting through.	
Aug 3 2008 	The best hotel I ever stayed at!	This is a fantastic hotel! About 4 or 5 restaurants, a bit pricy so we didn't eat in them. But the room rates were so cheap for a 5 star hotel - £65 per room/night! Bargain! It was my birthday and the hotel surprised me with a delcious free birthday cake! How lovely! The spa is excellent! Great pool and lovely treatments, well worth forking out for! Oh and all the bathrooms have city views, ie. glass walls through to the bed room, but don't worry, there are roller blinds for your privacy! :)	
Jul 29 2008 	Great hotel good service and somewhere I enjoy staying	I've been staying at the Eaton Hotel Shanghai since May, and have stayed an average of 4 or 5 nights each time I have been here.I've been in a variety of different rooms, and different floors, and found the hotel to be consistently good. The hotel is modern, with an arty feel to it, and boasts some of the best views of Shanghai.The rooms are comfortable and modern, and have some interesting bathrooms. I've had walk-in showers with full views across the city - large bathtubs with views, and this time around, a bath that would accommodate 2 or more people, with a frosted glass surround. The beds are proper King Size - meaning that I can sleep in comfort despite being 196cm tall, and there's little noise to disturb you either.Breakfast is excellent, with a wide range of foods to choose from, although at peak times it can be a little chaotic and finding a table can be slightly self service. Try and get in before the crowds, and it really is first class though. I have not tried the other restaurants, but the rooms service is good, especially the Cantonese Style Wanton Noodle Soup, which at $11 USD is expensive for Wanton Noodle Soup, but not for a five star hotel anywhere! There are plenty of wontons and plenty of noodles too.The internet is great - works well, and has an excellent multi-lingual 24/7 helpdesk if you need it. None of that nasty free internet that doesn't work here - you pay, but you know why you are paying.Nice touches include the shopping bags provided for you in the wardrobe, and proper suit hangers too.I love this hotel, and would recommend it to anyone. The location is not the best for a tourist perhaps, but as taxis seem to only cost 11 - 33 CNY regardless of where you go, I would not let this put me off.	
Jul 28 2008 	sterile business hotel good for business trips - avoid if you're a tourist	We stayed at the Eton with two kids (14,16) for two nights. The hotel is located in Pudong directly at a subway station. Though we had booked two non-smoker rooms we were directed to smelly smokers rooms with ashtrays still present in the room (though a non smoker sign was at the door). After complaining about this the reception offered to set up the room as a non-smoker room - by removing the ashtrays. Great idea! According to the reception other non smoking rooms are not available. We insisted on changing the rooms and - what a wonder - finally got a non smoking room on another level of the hotel.Rooms are just great - marvelous view over Pudong or the river. The bathromm takes half of the room, offering whirl pool and other nice gimmicks. The staff is between indifferent and snobby.	
Jul 24 2008 	Excellent Shanghai hotel	In the past, when I have travelled to Shanghai, I have stayed at the Shangra-La. For this latest trip, I decided to find a hotel that was lower priced and still accommodating to the international business traveller. Based on reviews at TripAdvisor, I booked five nights in an executive room at the Eton. This hotel is a gem! Check-in was fast, the base executive room was very clean and modern with more than enough space for my needs. Internet sped was good. The executive floor was quiet and the breakfast and evening appetizers were very good. The steaks at the Chicago Steakhouse were OK and the Eton Cafe was excellent. The staff spoke very adequate English, the concierge was extremely helpful for arranging taxis and transportation. There is a subway station across the street from the hotel entrance for visitors who want to sightsee in Shanghai. The exercise room had most of the equipment that you would find at any exercise club, including treadmills, steppers, weight machines and some free weights. Overall, the hotel is well maintained and the room temperature was comfortable even when the outside temperature was in the high 90's. At this writing, there is a fair amount of street reconstruction going on in the area which delayed traffic a little, but overall it was not a problem. At half the price of the Shangra-La, this hotel is an excellent value for a 4 star+ hotel. I will be returning to the Eton on my next trip to Shanghai.	
Jul 24 2008 	Nice hotel but #1 in Shanghai?	Stayed here for a two week break in April of 2008.Booking:My girlfriend happened to have a project in Shanghai that coincided with my holidays so I decided to take them visiting her in Shanghai. If I was going alone I probably would have considered the Eton since it is #1 on tripAdvisor but my decision was made easy as this was where her company put her.Check-In/Check-Out:Didn't have to do anything as I arrived after my gf and left before her. So no comments in that regard. One comment was that I booked the hotel car to take me back to the airport which was definitely worth it. Much nicer than a cab.Room:The room was just a standard room but we were lucky enough to have a view of Pudong which was better than the other views. Everything in the room seemed clean and new. The bed was great, and the circular bathtub is a novelty that was actually used one night. TV &amp; Internet were more than acceptable.Service:Service on the whole was great. The concierge was always helpful for restaurant recommendations, tours, etc. and on the few occasions we had a language issue, they quickly went and got someone who understood. The cleaning staff were great, doing a very thorough job of cleaning the room. It happened to be my gf's birthday while we were there and I had arranged for flowers to be delivered. The flowers were beautiful and very timely with their delivery. That evening when we returned from dinner there was a cheesecake, (not just a piece!) waiting for her from the hotel.Location:This is the area that makes me question how the Eton can consistently be rated #1 in the city. As previous posters have debated, the location is a point of contention. It is basically just on the outside of the downtown business center of Pudong, and as such, it's not overly practical to walk to anywhere. As mentioned there is a subway station just across the street and the subway turns out to be incredibly convenient if you're going somewhere near a stop. Taxi's are also readily available and use their meters always, (only once in all of Shanghai did I have a cabbie tell me his meter was broken), unlike Malaysia, Bangkok, Philippines, etc. where you have to argue a rate, as a previous poster tried to mumble out. Also, they are incredibly inexpensive. However; if you're taking a cab and want to go into the center of Shanghai, (read: across the river), you're looking at a 30 minute ride during peak vehicle times, which can be a pain. Being a tourist, I much would have rather stayed right on Nanjing road, or near the french concession. there are high-end hotels such as le Meridian, Ritz-Carlton, etc. in that area so there wouldn't be THAT much of a quality drop.Facilities:The pool is huge and I rarely saw more than one person in it. The gym is adequate, having more treadmills, (which always seem the most popular), than normal hotels. They even have this odd side to side machine which I've never seen before....and my groin will never be the same again. The concierge desk can arrange tours, tickets, cars direct. The spa is nice but it's China, so expect to be asked for &quot;extra service&quot;. A polite &quot;no thank you&quot; will do. Complaining is pointless, it's like complaining that they serve rice.....it's China, it's normal.Food:The breakfasts were great. Such a huge selection of western, chinese, japanese, etc. foods. It would be really picky/hard to make a complaint about the breakfasts, other than it does get a little busy/noisy at times. Tried the steak restaurant which was good but we found there wasn't a great selection on the menu. The chinese restaurant was great, especially the private non-smoking room, which was so quiet and nice for dinner. I wasn't brave enough to try the donkey meat though. Had room service one night and most of it was good, except for the liver pate which was probably the most disgusting thing I have ever tasted. It had been frozen and wasn't completed thawed.....don't freeze pate at home kids.....Overall:The Eton hotel is one of those rare places that is truly well managed. There is nothing in particular that jumps out and says, &quot;this is what we're really good at&quot; or gives you that &quot;wow factor&quot;, but at the same time, at the end of your visit you'll notice everything was above average for your entire stay and the Eton will only have added to the pleasure of your trip. However; the one thing that the management can't change is the location, which isn't a huge deal, but it's certainly down in the 20's if you're ranking hotels solely on location.If I were to return to Shanghai for another stay I would probably try a different hotel closer to the action, but that's no knock against the Eton as I'd certainly recommend it to people.	
Jul 23 2008 	beautiful hotel	beautiful, clean hotel, English is spoken and understood, concierge can book attractions for you, taxis are easy to get, walking distance from Jinmao Tower, location a little far from most attractions but taxi/metro are cheap enough	
Jul 19 2008 	Nice hotel poor location	The Eton is a nice property however it's on the wrong side of the river. If you're in Shanghai on business, I would definitely recommend staying here, but if you're traveling for pleasure-as we were- I would suggest staying where all the action is.It took at least 30 minutes to get anywhere we wanted to go since there's nothing really around the hotel.The rooms are nice and one could get lost in the vast bathrooms. The concierge was very helpful. We had a list of clubs we wanted to see (all in one night) and he set us up with their addresses, set up a car service for us, and we were off and running for the evening.Other than the concierge, the rest of the hotel seemed very impersonal. I can't exactly articulate it... the hotel just felt empty.Like I said, for business (or any other reason you might have to stay on this side of town) the Eton is great.But with the Four Season and Ritz-Carlton (and soon the Peninsula) on the other side of the river, there are better choices.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great hotel superb service location not best for tourism	Very nice room and very good service. The hotel is located in Pudong business district, so not great a district as a tourist, but it is also next to a subway station, so it is easy to go wherever you want.The room is very comfortable, very nice design, the swimming pool is huge and the gym is well equipped. Overall an excellent hotel and a good value.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Value	You get a perfectly clean room with everything you need. It is certainly not a 5 star hotel in the European sense. It also seems a little strange. But Shanghai just is like that. I can reccommend this house if you are looking for a good value hotel. Friendly staff.	
Jun 4 2008 	Visible signs of wear 	We stayed 6 nights, from May 12 to 18. Over all, this is a pretty nice hotel, from the main entrance, lobby all the way to inside the room and bathroom. The highest floor is 40, although my partner and I could only get to stay on the 28th floor, room 2806, the view was still gorgeous. Yes, we could see the Bund too. Across the hotel was the Metro station – problem was, crossing the busy streets of Shanghai was no easy task. It is bordering on dangerous – stop lights or not!All the staff we came in contact with – the bell boys, front desk and housekeeping staff – all friendly and very professional, and most spoke English. Certain parts of the room and the bathroom, there were visible signs of wear &amp; tear, and the ventilation in the bathroom was very, very poor – even after they “cleaned” it. Air conditioner works well but also needed a cleaning due to the super dirty air in Shanghai, like most of China.If you give Hong Kong or Singapore a 10 out of 10 for shopping, food and transportation, Shanghai would get a 4. As a guide, to me, Bangkok gets a 6 or 7 out of 10 and Kuala Lumpur (KL) in Malaysia gets a 3 or 2. Largely because the taxi drivers in Shanghai, Hong Kong and Singapore (the majority of them anyway) do not rip off their passengers, on the other hand, if you don’t get rip off by taxi drivers in Malaysia, consider yourself VERY, VERY lucky!Bottom line: This hotel beats all the hotels I have stayed in my 20+ years of travel, for instance, The Eaton Shanghai stayed at the #1 spot here for months and months, whereas, the Los Angeles Marriot’s rank has slid down 10 or more since I booked it in March this year!	
May 20 2008 	Excellent hotel i enjoy	I was in Shanghai for business and stayed for 2 weeks at the hotel, good location in the heart of the financial area , it was great and i enjoy, all the the staff is very professional and helpful, room are spacious and comfortable, i tried the gym room, very good service and nice decoration. I hope to return back soon	
May 6 2008	SUPERB hotel	This is very you want to stay in Shanghai!The hotel is fantastic and disregard what others might say - the location is very good. It's a bit away from the center but you have the subway on the other corner and taxis cost close to nothing.Make sure to get a room with a view of the skyline AND book the executive floor!	
Apr 6 2008	Good Value Hotel	Stayed for 2 nights on the executive floor of the Eton having spent 1st night in the Shangria la hotel Shanghai.Liked:1. Great room. Modern and clean if not a little small bedroom.2. 2 nights here on exec floor with free breakfast and cocktails and drinks in evening is same price as 1 night at Shangri la.3. Nice gym and although i didnt use it, think theyve upgraded the Spa ( see other reviews re ladies of the night). 4. Good choice of food for breakfast although not in same class as Shangri la regarding food quality.5. 2pm checkoutDidnt like:1. Staff on exec floor nice enough but pretty useless regarding restaurant recommendations for dinner2. Location not the best. Need a taxi to get anywhere really.3. Lot of western (american ) travel groups at breakfast. Not the place for a quiet breakfast !	
Mar 14 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed here for two nights when in business in Shanghai.Well appointed and serviced rooms and common areas.Staff very professional and helpful.A relaxing and enjoyable stay.	
Feb 21 2008	Quality Hotel	After reading the good comments about the hotel here , we decided to choose the eton .It didn't let us down.My boyfriend and I have spent three nights in the Eton in Chinese New Year and we had a standard delux room .We love the bathroom as it is big and you got the round tub in it. The bed is very large and comfortable and we think the room service is very satisfactory.We also tried the dinner buffet there and it was good with reasonable price.The location of the hotel is good and you got the metro station nearby.It 's a highly recommended !	
Feb 6 2008 	another souless hotel in china	We stayed in nov 07 after booking with expedia and getting a great price, we were looking forward to our stay here after all the great review's on trip advisor but were very much let down.after so much travel last year i think my immune system isnt great and my sister who i travel with and myself seem to get everything going and i was i'll the whole time we were there after getting food poisening in the club lounge.We always book the club and this is the most disapointing club iv ever been in, the seats are uncomfortable and you no this is so u won't stay to long, they follow you around constantly but when u ask them to get whatever you wanted you wait a lifetime on them bringing it. i noticed it was different if u were a man in this hotel.Also be very careful letting ur husband go for a massage here as they are offered extra's and hate to take no for an answer. We met 2 different sets of couples that this had happened to, 1 set was a gay couple and both of them had been offered extra's. both sets had complained but had not been given an explanation by the time they had left. I think it says a lot that u cant get room service after 11 but u can have a massage untill 2 in the morning. I really feel this hotel is a lovely hotel and a great price but i would worry about my partner being here alone and as in the case of both couples we met, id worry if i was with them!!If staying here again ( and my sister would throw a fit if i ever sugested it ) i would recomend not booking the club as its not worth the extra money and this is the 1st time iv ever recomended not booking a club room, the room's are very small so id recomend booking a larger room as these dont have club facilities, strangly enough. Also the rooms all seem to have the most awful views, even if its a river view, its all very industrieal in the surrounding area's.This Hotel does have nice products in there bathrooms but there not replinished unless u ask and this was the same of the tea and coffee. Very few staff members spoke english and just smiled and laughed like idiot's if u asked any questions.When we were checking out on the club floor, u had to go to the ground floor 1st and change money as they only except yen but as i was i'll ,i asked if they would sort this out for me and gave them the amount of dollers we had worked out it would be plus $40 extra just incase when he came back it had taken the extra $40 and he said it was still short and when we worked out how much it was short it was 13 pence but he waited on that and as is usual in china u get no change.I would recomend booking the hotel car to take u to the airport its worth the money and a very comfortable drive but strangly if u book it to pick u up at the airport they want you to send them ur credit card details in an email, they dont have a secure site to pay for this service. normally u book it and its added to ur hotel bill. I would recomend not getting a porter at the airport as its such a short walk in from where ur car or taxi lets u off and the porter leaves u at the door and asks for 150 yen for the 20 or 30 yards he pushed ur trolley.All in all this is a good value hotel and its also a nice hotel but the rooms r very small and as i was i'll we used room service a lot and it was consistantly bad and always cold but the seafood buffet was very good and worth every penny paid.The biggest thing letting this hotel down is the lack of service and it would benifit from the managment team staying somewhere else and using it as a learning process, I'd be pretty sure id never stay here again unless the service was greatly improved and the service in the spa was reined in.	
Feb 1 2008 	Great Hotel	stayed here 10th Jan for 4nights, after reading reviews, had high hopes and was not disappointed.The rooms were great, we were allocated a room on 37th floor which was very quiet. Corridors, hallway carpets and lifts always looked spotless. Room was excellent, nice big bathroom which had a lcd in it. Bedroom had really comfy beds, wall to ceiling windows, modern fixtures and fitting. Good selection of english tv channels on large lcd tv. Some websites suggest the location is not great, however, i would disagree, there is a subway station across the road from the hotel, and on demand taxis from hotel entrance (excluding 7pm-10pm from experience, whole of shanghai population seem to be queuing for taxis, it was normal practice to be waiting 30-60mins at ALL good hotels) a Costa Coffee literally next door as well as fresh juice bar 4doors away.We used the pool, which i must say was fantastic, 25metre pool located on 4th floor, as glass was tinted one way, you could see the shanghai life outside from the pool area, nice clean and warm changing area. Jacuzzi was not different temperature to pool which was a shame, but this was due to it being linked to main pool so advantage was pool was warm. Gym was also in excellent condition with 2 staff members there all the time and plenty of machines. As hotel was excellent, didn't really have any dealing with front desk except checking in/out where they were efficient. Concierge could of been better, 1guy was very good, however the rest didn't really speak good English and just said yes to our questions. As i am a fairly savvy traveler, i don't really rely on these guys though.Had a snack in lobby lounge which was ok, but a bit expensive for what it was, but i guess you are staying in a 5star hotel. They do offer a seafood buffet which looked good value for what is was, however we didn't try it.If you are a food lover which i am, my biggest tip is try the Shangri-la buffet in the evening, it is simply amazing, the quality of food cannot be surpassed, dim-sum, Italian, every style of Chinese, Thai, Malay, Indian, Western, you name it, they have it, and it all tastes fantastic! you must go there hungry though as its around 300 RMBoverall, i would most definitely stay here again, yes its not on the waterfront for the breath-taking view, but taxis are plentiful and the service is top notch! A great base for Shanghai	
Jan 28 2008 	Best Value in Shanghai	I booked this hotel based on the reviews from tripadvisor.com and I was not disappointed.Great rooms, great staff, close to metro.Best thing about the hotel was the towels. These were the largest towels I have ever seen.I booked on expedia.com for $136	
Jan 15 2008 	Excellent hotel	Me and my friends stayed there for 9 nights and I can say we are absolutely satisfied with the service we got there. Views for the city are one of the best in entire Shanghai, you can see everything, so if you are the big fan of city's views this hotel is for you. Bellboys are always willing to help and the service is nice. breakfasts are more expensive than in other places but they worth it. Like everybody else who ever stayed in the Eton hotel I can say that it looks very modern and well equipped. One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in China. So, I can recommend it to everybody, does not matter if you travel for fun or business. (some areas around it dont look very safety but it's absolutely safety to walk even in them during the late's night time...many restaurants are located there and a lot of massage saloons which offer more than massage service only :) this one for those who like to have &quot;hot&quot; travels :0) So, most of people find what they want staying in this hotel and location is not than bad also. Taxis are extremely cheap and it takes about 15 minutes to get to any most important and interesting places in Shanghai to see. There are only 2 sightseeings which takes us more than 20 minutes to get to. it is Jin Jiang Amusement park and Safari Wild Animals park. All the rest is &quot;just around&quot; the corner. If I ever get back to Shanghai I will stay there once again. No doubts!!!!	
Dec 27 2007 	Exceed all expectations!	I booked this hotel for my 2 nights stay during my recent trip to Shanghai (in fact I just came back home today) after reading all the positive feedback on tripadvisor. I am not a fussy visitor but having been to quite a few hotels, I have high standard for what I would think nice, and it is normally even harder to please my mother. However, dispite having been reading all those positive reviews, this hotel has totally exceeded all our expectations still - the room is new, clean, and stylishly designed. They use good quality furniture, hardware, matress, pillow, toothbrush, bathrobe etc etc. The hotel locates in perfectly in a decent busniss district - just opposite the metro station and next to bus stops. It's no more than 20 - 30 minutes in a taxi to all the attractions (which would be around 20 - 30RMB) if you don't feel like taking the metro. The only few things I would recommand the hotel to improve is that: more smiles on the faces (they are polite and nice but may not be accustomed to smiling a lot) and speakers in the bathroom area (doesn't bother me without tho). I would most defintely stay in this hotel again should I visit the city in the future.	
Dec 10 2007 	One of the Best!	I decided to stay at the Eton Hotel for 3 days during my 10 day stay in China based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. I was not disappointed! The room was spacious, very clean and comes equipped with everything you can imagine and more! The views of the city were stunning! Located right across the street from the Pudong Ave metro station and within easy access to the major sights. We either walked or took the subway majority of the time in Shanghai. The only time we took a taxi was to the airport and that was because we had too much luggage and didn't want to drag them on the subway. However, there could've been some improvements. I booked my room through Expedia.ca and arrived around 8pm. We had to wait another 1 hour until we could check in because we were told that the room was not ready. However, we were so hungry so we just went out to eat dinner and came back to check in so it was not too bad. As well, I wish the price could've included internet service. I find the daily rate to be quite pricey at around 120 RMB per day. Instead, we used the one at the coffee shop next door or the internet cafe located a couple of blocks away.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to Shanghai. Two thumbs up!	
Dec 2 2007 	Great hotel location not the best spa is basically a massage parlour	Chose the hotel because of its rating here and have to say that for the price it is a terrific deal. We upgraded to the Exec floor and were happy with the room although it was a bit smaller than expected for an Asian hotel room. It was clean, the bathroom was excellent - round bath, large separate shower room. Enjoyed the Exec lounge, quietbreakfast atmosphere, nice free evening drinks after hard day sightseeing and shopping, all dy coffee, tea, soft drinks, cakes etc.Location is a bit remote for the Bund side of the city but taxis are VERY cheap so you just hop in and they take you where you want to go.Traffic is a lot quieter here than in any other Asian metropolis I've visited so you don't spend most of your time in jams. Gym is well appointed for a hotel and is well maintained and kept clean and tidy.The only drawback is the Spa which is one reason to chose a hotel for us. This one is outsourced and so fails to meet the quality and standards of teh hotel itself. It is best summed up as a high class massage parlour, the masseurs seemed more interested in other &quot;massages&quot; than the one you asked for, aw a man anyway. The spa has no ambience - no music, no mood lighting, no quiet areas - its brightly lit everywhere, functional and a far cry from other spa's offered by such quality hotels. The Eton general mgr contacted me after my feedback to apologise and inform me that the spa has been warned, so maybe it will improve.	
Dec 1 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	I was skeptical of home grown hotels and usually stay in US chains when in China, but the Eton has given me an epiphany. Very friendly and attentive staff, great rooms with beautiful bathrooms and all very clean. They also had a great breakfast spread that would easily rival a Conrad or JW anywhere. I will not be staying in any other hotels in Shanghai now that I have been there.	
Nov 20 2007 	Excellent hotel	Very good hotel at a reasonable price. No wonder its 1st on Trip Advisor.	
Nov 19 2007 	Excellent	This is a flash hotel at a reasonable price. Located opposite Pudong avenue metro station, the hotel was extremely comfortable, clean and looked very expensive. Marble bathroom, nice carpet &amp; excellent beds. We stayed on the 28th floor, view of Shanghai was superb.Hotel is very easy to get to, the staff are helpful and speak english. Not too far from most attractions - either by taxi or pay max 3 to 4 RMB on the metro.Booked via expedia, breakfast was not included, catch a metro to Bunt and have breakfast there.	
Nov 4 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	We picked this hotel for our first night in China because we were looking for comfortable beds to get over our jet lag. We were shocked to find that the &quot;nice&quot; hotel we booked was instead a luxury hotel. The beds were soft and comfy. The bathroom was super nice with a separate shower/bath and the bathtub had its very own flatscreen. Beware that the bathroom is separated from the rest of the room by glass walls (with shades), but probably not for the shy or timid. The members of the staff were very helpful and didn't bat an eye when we rolled into the lobby with our giant backpacks. It was always easy to get a cab outside the front door, but the location was a bit off the beaten path. There is a metro stop right across the street, however. This was the highlight of our China hotels and I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 31 2007 	Simply the Best	Spent four nights in a premier room (like a suite) 27th Floor Grand Prix Period. Could not fault this Hotel absolutely first rate in everyway and so spotlessly clean. The Premier room was well worth the little extra cost, fantastic bathroom, windows on three sides of the room for fantastic views of Shanghai. Buffet Breakfast was excellent and beautifully presented. Taxis at the ready once you step outside the Hotel door, doorman will tell driver where you wish to go but be sure to have a Hotel Business card for your return journey as the taxi drivers do not speak english. The location of the Hotel was not a problem as Cabs are so cheap and plentiful.Just a couple of tips. Be extra cautious crossing the road (especially if you are from Australia/NZ as they drive on the other side of the road. Do have a foot massage only 50RMB for a full hour, a friend recommended us to a place opposite the Novotel Hotel just a short walk from the Eton Hotel. The staff where so friendly even though they had limited English. We ended up calling in every eveningafter a hectic day at the track. Anyone thinking of going to the Grand Prix next year just email me as I have plenty of information retransport etc.	
Oct 29 2007	Excellent Service and Amenities	Stayed on an Executive floor at the Eton for three days in Ocober '07 and look forward to going back. The service at the hotel was excellent, the fitness facility was state of the art and the location, while not prime for sightseeing, made for an easy taxi ride into the heart of Shanghai. I recommend paying the small difference and staying on an Executive floor. The included breakfast, day time refreshments and evening wine/beer/cocktails more than make up for the difference in price. Overall, in terms of value, the Eton is hard to beat.	
Oct 14 2007 	Amazing	I have to stay this is the best hotel I’ve ever stayed in. Everything in this hotel is well thought out. It’s spacious, modern, clean, and tidy; the staff are attentive and friendly.Our twin room was on the 27th floor of the hotel. We’d paid a little bit extra for the view – and what a great view we had of the Pudong Business District with the Jin Mao Tower clearly visible. We could see the top of Pearl Tower in the distance but the majority of the building was masked by some other buildings. Our room had two queen sized beds, flat screen TV, desk, two chairs, coffee table and ample storage space. The bathroom was amazing (see pictures) and also had a flat screen TV. The room had bathrobes, slippers and great selection of toiletries.The swimming pool was amazing too, again everything had been well thought out.Getting around Shanghai was quite easy. This hotel has an underground station next to it, although taxis are extremely cheap and are plentiful outside the hotel. BEWARE, the driving in China takes a little bit of getting used to. The Pearl Tower is within walking distance from the hotel, from here you can take the tourist tunnel to the Bund. We ate in the hotel restaurant on the first night at the ‘Singaporean BBQ’. The food was tasty, fresh and very well presented. On our last night we enjoyed cocktails in the Lobby Lounge which featured a pianist. On both occasions we were well looked after and the prices were very reasonable. This hotel is brand new and it clearly shows, it’s very modern and suited our tastes, however, if you prefer something a little chintzier, it might not be your cup of tea.For a great meal head over to the Grand Hyatt hotel atop the Jin Mao tower, here you can enjoy a buffet with great views over the city. It was an excellent meal with a wide variety of both Chinese and western food at a very reasonable price.	
Oct 12 2007 	Oasis in Shanghai	Highly recommend the Executive Rooms with breakfast, evening drinks and canapes. Shanghai is a busy, brilliant, chaotic city and the Eton Hotel was a convenient, relaxing base for our holiday. Clean, well designed, Metro subway right across the street, great staff, good food and refreshing swimming pool. The Executive room has a fantastic view across the city, and looks amazing daytime and dazzling at night – with the many architectural wonders lit up, including the Oriental Pearl Tower. The Eton is close to town, yet a little further way from the maddening crowds of central Shanghai.	
Oct 10 2007 	Stunning design	My wife and I stayed in this hotel during the Special Olympics. We had a wonderful experience at the hotel, staff are courteous with excellent English skills and very helpful for advice on getting around the city and what to see.The building itself does what good design is supposed to do...lift your spirits.	
Sep 24 2007 	Excellent service - value for money	We are a family of four staying in Eton Hotel for 3 nights in Sep. We chose to stay in Executive floor. With that extra bit of money, it is absolutely worth it. Breakfast is well prepared and adequate and drinks are available all day in the executive lounge.Staff are all polite and helpful. Rooms are spacious with separate shower and bath area.Although it is not in the central shopping area , taxi is very cheap and you can also try the MTR system. There is a MTR station right in front of the hotel. Overall , we are very happy about the hotel and it is value for money.	
Sep 19 2007 	A top class hotel	Out of all the different hotels in Shanghai, I must say the Eton has the most helpful, friendly, courteous, professional and welcoming staff of the lot. Nothing is a problem no matter what time of day or night - there is always a friendly smile. I just returned from an extended stay in Shanghai. We chose the Eton Hotel based on online searches and the clincher was the high rating on Tripadvisor. We were NOT disappointed!A top class hotel with an excellent location. The hotel is located in the Pudong district of Shanghai - a vital location if you are in Shanghai on business. One of the best features is the metro station which is located right outside the hotel – this makes all of Shanghai easily accessible. We pulled up in the taxi and the doorman opened our door immediately and welcomed us warmly and took care of the luggage. We walked into the foyer and right away felt impressed - it looked great! The rooms are exactly as they appear on the website as are the common areas of the hotel. Unlike other hotels, their website is not edited to look better than the real thing. All of the materials in the room are of superior quality - from the high end bed linens and funky furniture to the eye pleasing wall artwork and the beautiful marble bathroom. There was a 32” in LCD in the bed room and a 17” LCD in the bathroom, both with international news and movie channels.Our room was very comfortable. The small features such as the turn down service and bottled water were a nice touch. The hotel also provides L'OCCITANE toiletries - shower gel, lotion, shampoo &amp; conditioner and they replenish them every day!The breakfasts were excellent. I would recommend this hotel to my friends and family and would definitely return.	
Sep 10 2007 	The Eton - A Mixed Bag	My wife and I have just returned from 3 nights at The Eton Shanghai. All in all the hotel is great value for money, but there are a few factors you should be aware of before booking.The hotel itself is very new and well appointed. I'd recommend upgrading to the &quot;executive floors&quot; which are probably the best value for money rooms I've stayed in, and certainly on par with the best &quot;modern&quot; sytle 5 star hotels that I've stayed in.There are only two downsides to The Eton. The first is the location. It is on the outer of the Pudong section. If you want to be in the thick of Shanghai, then stay on The Bund side of town. A trip across town by taxi to The Bund area, while very cheap (4-5 AUD) takes 25-30 mintues. If the nightlife of The Bund is what you are after, then The Eton isn't the best hotel choice. If you don't mind the travel, The Eton is fine (there is a metro station 20 metres out of the front door).Secondly, the service levels are fairly poor, and explain why The Eton is 4 star, not 5. The staff can't be faulted for effort, but generally their knoweldge of English is relatively poor for such a quality hotel. We experienced service challenges of one kind or the other with the front desk, room service, executive lounge, spa and front desk. The staff's politeness and helpfulness go a long way to rectifying these challenges, but overall the service is of a 3 star level at best (in fact it was signficantly worse that the 3 star hotel we stayed in while in Beijing).If you pack your patience, and don't mind a bit of extra travel, I'd recommend The Eton as a clean, modern and attractive hotel.	
Sep 8 2007 	Expensive but nice		
Aug 9 2007 	Almost perfect		
Jul 22 2007 	Great Hotel Great Value		
Jun 18 2007	Wonderful hotel and excellent and friendly service		
Jun 10 2007	fantastic		
Jun 3 2007 	Absolutely fab hotel!		
Apr 8 2007	AHHHHH!!!!!!!!so beautiful!!!!!!		
Apr 2 2007	Luxury luxury luxury!!! Loved the Eton  Shanghai!		
Oct 7 2009 	Fuori di testa ...in senso positivo		
Sep 14 2009 	????????????		
Aug 28 2009 	Precioso hotel con una ubicación regular		
Aug 17 2009 	La mejor vista de la ciudad		
Feb 15 2009 	????????????		
Nov 15 2007 	The Eton Un placer en Shanghai		
Jun 22 2007 	Increible hotel		
