Nov 11 2009 	We were pleasantly surprised how nice the hotel was!	My friend and I stayed at Hengsheng Peninsula International Hotel for three nights in October 2009. We booked this hotel because it looked ok from the photos and the price was affordable. We weren’t actually expecting much, we just wanted a decent base for sightseeing in Shanghai. We were pleasantly surprised how nice the hotel was! Everything went smoothly and we really enjoyed our stay. We had a nice room: spacious, clean, high floor, with comfy beds. The breakfast was also good; with a lot of options to choose from (although a lot of Chinese style food). There is even a cook making fresh omelets. There is a rooftop bar, with unbelievable views over the city. Also the prices there are quite unbelievable, but the view is definitely worth it! We even think that the location of the hotel is ok. We went around the city by taxi, bus and walking. I will definitely book this hotel also for my next visit.	
Sep 26 2009 	Nice Hotel with great view but not for much longer!!	This is a decent hotel within walking distance of Shanghai's main shopping district Nanjing Road. We stayed on the 21st floor and had a great view of the Bund and Shanghai's skyline. This wont be for much longer though as they are building a massive hotel complex opposite that will totally block the view. If you are a single guy staying here you will be offered a &quot;massage&quot; every night you get in the elevators, i was with the girlfriend and she managed to scare them off with her death stare! The hotel bar on the top floor is cool for a couple of drinks at night. There is probably better hotels better situated than this one with not so much walking involved but for the views on offer here it is good value.	
Jul 17 2009 	Serviced Apartments same same but no free anything	Surprise...there is a budget option, about 320kwai a night double ensuite apartment, contact Frank! I booked through Hostels.net and got an almost clean room, good; fridge, washing machine, dryer microwave n stuff, shower head was missing, no bottled water, but new tooth brushes... what can i say, Shanghai is still a building site, sauna and massage on 2nd floor-well promoted, and boz outside offering lots of girls. Good breakfast cost 83kwai didn't try lunch or dinner!The closest Bridge was being rebuilt so problem walking across creek to Bund, but soon will be complete. hotels charge for internet, but Frank doesn't. If you want luxury it ain't here, infact your hotel should be less than 5 years old for luxury, the swimming pool cost 35kwai and you are expected to buy a hat, yes for swimming! As mentioned before, if you get a good price then it's a good hotel but if you pay 500kwai or more (some pay 1000+) then	
May 16 2009 	Try a different hotel unless you get a good deal...	I felt this hotel was much too expensive for what we got. We paid about $110CAD per night. There are many other hotels to choose from that are just as nice but cost less.The room was very tiny, but clean and nicely decorated. My personal favourite was the bathroom: the one wall was glass, allowing you to sit in the tub yet admire the sights out the main window. The maids were very sweet and polite and the bellhops always flagged a taxi for us and told the driver where we wanted to go. There is a pool, which we didn't use, but when we went to look at it, the pool staff were not very friendly. Also, there seemed to be a &quot;massage&quot; service offered. In the evenings, a very pretty woman in a hotel uniform hung around the elevators advertising this &quot;in room massage.&quot; Our room happened to be next to a hotel guest that accepted the massage (we saw the masseuse), and it was rather *ahem* loud!!The front desk staff all spoke English. However, they overcharged us for food from the restaurant, even though we were adamant we didn't have it. We had a flight to catch, and having to pay this extra money left a poor final impression.The bar on the top of the hotel has fabulous views, attentive waitstaff, and high prices. I would recommend going anyways for the view. The cafe on the main floor made really good soup, but terrible sandwiches (even by &quot;Chinglish&quot; standards).The location is quite good: close to the Bund, but you do need to cross a bridge to get to it. We could not find the foot bridge and didn't want to risk crossing the car bridge (we only saw one couple attempt) and so always took a taxi (it's about a 3 minute ride to the Bund).	
Jan 15 2009 	Nice hotel that offers value	We found a great rate online for $33 and thought it to be a great value for our money. The hotel had a nice lobby and friendly staff that mostly spoke English. It depends on where you want to stay, but after a few days I found the location to be a bit far from the sites I liked to visit. However, it is a 5-10 minute walk to the Bund. The rooms were plenty clean and nice. Bottled water was replenished everyday. The morning breakfast was very sub par and do not highly recommend it, unless you want an easy meal with Western style food. There is a cool bar on the 26th floor, with a Captains Bridge Ship theme (not sure why), but it provided great views of Pudong and the city, though the drinks were very expensive.Overall I enjoyed this Hotel and would recommend it if you found a good deal online as we did.	
Dec 3 2008 	Pollution Smell Inside and out	Shanghai was the smoggiest, most polluted city I have ever been in - and I have been to most cities in asiaWith this in mind, you want to stay in a hotel which is clean without a dusty feel in your room.We checked into this hotel after booking on wotif.com as a mystery deal (which said it was 4 stars which I think is false advertising), The lobby was quite nice, but the lady at the reception was very rude (but had ok english). We were given the tiniest room which was dustier than it was outside and smelt terrible like a mix of chemical, pollution and cigarettes. I felt like there were knives in the back of my throat. Because I have asthma, this can be dangerous. I was hoping not all rooms were not as dusty as this.we compained to reception about this, and they showed us about 4 different rooms which were all equally as dusty, dirty and smelly.We finally complained to the manager - Her name was fanny, At first she was lovely and tried to upgrade us to a suite, showed us about 6 more different rooms and reassured us she wanted us to stay at her hotel. After all 6 other rooms were equally as dusty, i told her i could not stay there as it would affect my health. I asked if I could have a refund (it was prepaid) and she said &quot;No, because wotif has not paid us&quot; I asked to use the business centre to find a new hotel, and she kindly let me without charge. She told me i had to deal with wotif myself if I wanted a refund. This was a lie as wotif had stated that this hotel itself refused refunds, so she obviously just did not want to refund me. I rang wotif (in australia) and made a complaint, they wanted to know her name, she suddenly got very defensive and turned into an absolute cow. She basically yelled at me asking what for? I made her talk to them on the phone and she was very angry, and was a complete [--] to me after this. The lady on wotif was very kind and refunded my money, but I was charged a wopping 50RMB for the 2 minute call to australia. At least we were out of there straight after (even though this ordeal took at least 2 hours) with our money backI am not impressed with Fanny refusing to refund us, and making up a lie that it was wotif that wouldnt let us, she also told me noone had complained about the hotel before which i find hard to believe after reading the reviews here. I would never stay here and would warn anyone off it.	
Aug 3 2008	Roach Motel Literally!	Even if you desperately need a room in Shanghai, you should consider staying in a cardboard box under the bridge before you book a room in this dump. I just checked in several hours ago and have already seen TONS OF COCKROACHES running across the floor here. Another one is scurrying by as I type. This is no exaggeration, people. As if that weren't enough -- and believe me, it is! -- this hotel is NOT travel-friendly for Westerners. The assistant manager, Selena, speaks English well, but most others don't speak it at all. Good luck trying to translate &quot;exterminator&quot; if you're lacking basic Mandarin. Do yourself a favor and do not consider staying here under any circumstances ever! Off to find another room on the Internet so I can get the heck outta here . . .	
Jul 28 2008 	Comfortable bed nice room	I was happy with my stay here at Hengsheng. For only $50 room only per night, I had a very nice room. The bath/shower room was partly separated from my bedroom by a wall of curved glass which was pretty neat feature. The bed was so very comfortable, best I have ever slept in while on my travels.  I am not one who lounges about an hotel too much and regarding location, this hotel is situated a little bit out of the way.  One must cross over the little creek to reach its north side location. Location is very backstreet sort of Shanghai and not exactly upmarket !I never bothered with breakfast and just strolled across to Starbucks coffee shop each morning.I did not struggle in this hotel as much as i did in ther other China hotels, English was not a problem.I would return to this hotel. Some road works taking place at present on Wusong road, and maybe it could be more easily reached when this is completed ?The oriental TV tower can sort of be seen, depends on your viewing point.I was fairly and comparably pleased with the deal I received from Hengsheng.	
Jul 18 2008 	such a dissappointment!	Don't stay in this hotel! The location was very bed, in a doggy , smelly area of Shanghai. The room size and bathroom was OK. The worst thing is - there are cockroaches everywhere! I saw at least 5 of them in my room, plus found 2 in my suitcase when I returned to Melbourne!	
Jul 11 2008	It is international.	CTS booked me here. The location is not central. The walk to the Bund is circuitous because of bridge construction. I took cabs everywhere and it was annoying to add the 5-10 minutes to each trip.I have no idea how my prepaid room compared to other rooms. It was large with a big bed and a separate sitting room. The bathroom was fine, clean with excellent plumbing. The AC worked, sort of, but not up to international standards. The hotel supplied a floor fan which was essential. I heard that the _14 rank of rooms were cooler.There was no minifridge, not good; the safe made me feel more comfortable. Good storage space, closet and drawers.I found the staff to be most helpful with varying degrees of English. When they understood what you wanted they were quite accommodating. The uniformed bellhops, one always at a &quot;concierge desk&quot;, were particularly friendly. They helped get cabs quickly.Do check about the procedure for cashing travellers checks.The always good breakfast was the usual array of international foods. Loading up in the AM meant there was no need for lunch.The outside elevator to the roof led to impressive views of the Bund. There's an overpriced menu for snacks and drinks. This begins at 5 PM.The 2 streets running south alongside the hotel had convenience stores as well as more locally focused shops. I needed a lidded tea container, a bungee cord and the strong plaid fabric bag ubiquitous in China. This was great for photography also as long as you made a polite pantomime request. People were generally very friendly.There was usually someone with the &quot;watch? watch?&quot; line outside the hotel and at night &quot;ladybah?ladybah.&quot;I heard that the locker room for the pool was appalling.As has been written, the carpets were noticeably soiled. My room also had a few bugs that disappeared when the lights were on.I frequently used the automatic water boiler for tea, especially if you've used up the complimentary 2 water bottles.The visitors to the hotel were an international mix on tours. Chinese people arriving often had rather large cars.So, a mixed bag. I wouldn't stay here again if I had a choice. However for a mild adventure, I have to say I was satisfied. Chinese cities are so sprawling that I could have paid much more for a much less desirable location.	
May 9 2008 	Pretty Good	The hotel has a good location. A ten minute walk puts you on the Bund--once you get oriented and figure out the route. The immediate neighborhood has a local feel to it and is just enough removed to offer a different perspective. I found a small restaurant behind the hotel called King Dim Sum that was a real winner. The rooms were comfortable and well appointed. Given the cost, it was an exceptional value. If you go to the 26th floor there is an outside deck that provides spectacular views of the city--an added bonus. The English skills were pretty basic among some of the staff but that was true in many places.	
May 8 2008 	not bad for your money	Was there for 4 days in may 2008That was my second time in this hotelFirst time I was in standard rooms which were SO SO Took deluxe room this time including internet . Was lot better than first time, room more spacious with couch and extra place for working deskStaff more or less welcomingLocation is very interresting( 10 minutes walking from BUND)For 100$ US a night , I think I got what I paid for Mike from Montreal	
Apr 2 2008 	Attention take care what room you`ll book!	We booked 2 nights in a standard room at Hengsheng (via &quot;rates to go&quot;). We weren`t told that standard room means dump! As we came into the room we were completly disappointed. It was dark, raunchy, hackneyed and completly uncourtious! In front of the window were concrete pillars so that you couldnt see anything. We changed into another standard room that was better but as you can see with our photos still a catastrophy: The bathroom was full with mold! The ancient shower was so small-sized that you touch the nasty rottenness during showering. The kitchenet, espacially the fridge was also dirty, grubby and really disgusting! Not to be about to use it!We asked for changing into a superior room which was also low standard. The staff was nearly always very rude and unhelpful: E.g.: once I was running on a treadmill in the gym a rude charwomen came in an shouted and screamed at me in Chinese. She treated me like a criminal! She did not stop accosting me till a English speaking women came and asked me if I am a hotel guest. Absurd!On the top floor you can find a bar, from where you have a georgeous view at the Bund. It could be reached by a vitreous elevatour. Anyway we don`t recommend this hotel!	
Mar 24 2008 	Not that great	Location: About a 15-minute quick walk to the Bund or Nanjing Road. Similar walk time, if not a bit longer to the nearest subway station. Located two blocks from a not so nice 'massage' district. Lots of beggars on this street as well if it's apparent that you're foreign. It's about a 45 minute taxi ride from Hongqiao Airport and closer to an hour to Pudong (assuming no traffic for the latter).You will definitely experience the 'real' Shanghai at this hotel since it's not in a major tourist area- you can walk in any direction to see what life is really like for the majority of locals.Accomodation: Not that impressed with this hotel even though it's only about 5 years old. The room carpet was disgusting- it was never vacuumed while we were there (4 nights) and I doubt it's ever been cleaned. The room was a good size, we had a 'double' bed which was two beds pushed together. There's an in-room safe and a small refrigerator. There was also daily bottles of water which was nice, and lots of toiletries if you need them. You have to pay for internet here (I think it was 50 RMB/day), and there is also a fitness centre with slightly crazy hours of 11 am - 11 pm. We had a mixture of experiences with the level of English skill at the concierge and check in desk. They were helpful, though, in writing our destinations in Chinese if we did take a cab anywhere.Overall: We got what we paid for with this hotel in Shanghai, but I would not recommend or return to it.	
Mar 22 2008 	Was not centrally located	I was a bit disappointed when I had read reviews online that said the hotel is centrally located. Centrally located to me means being able to walk outside and within 5 minutes be in the center of a shopping area, metro stop, or restaurants. Hengsheng was not near everything except a Starbucks across the street. Even walking to the Bund took a good 20 minutes as you can't walk over the main bridge but have to go out of the way to get to a side bridge and then circumnavigate your way back to the river. This is only a good place to stay if you want to take cabs everywhere. But even the cab drivers get upset if you want to go short distances (like to Nanjing Road East shopping area). It's not a long walk (20 minutes) but if you're in a hurry or not in the mood to walk, you have to deal with a grumpy cab driver. The room was nice but small and the carpet was subpar considering they call themselves a 4 star hotel. The staff were friendly enough but for a 4 star hotel you would expect them to have some sort of travel service in their hotel to help book train tickets (a nightmare process in China if you don't know Chinese) or airline tickets. Instead they told us that we had to go to a different hotel down the street. They also charge $7 a day for internet usage which is fine except the internet is slow. We changed hotels after 2 nights and ended up at the East Asia hotel on Nanjing Road East. Although it's only a 2 star hotel, the carpet was cleaner and the furniture a little simpler but the staff helped us book train tickets and the location was very central and only a 5 minute walk from the metro and 15 minutes to the Shanghai Museum. Plus the internet was free. Slow, but free.	
Jan 14 2008 	Hotel is just okay	Hotel staff spoke limited English, some spoke no English. I reserved a Suite for 3 people that included internet through Travelocity. When we checked in they gave us a standard room that overlooked the Bund on the 14th floor. I went back to the front desk and was told the room they gave us was a suite. Communication was difficult because the two persons at the check in spoke limited English. I finally spoke to as Asst. Manager who went to the 14th floor with me. She looked at the room and told me it was an &quot;upgrade&quot; because of the view. I asked her for the suite I had paid for and she moved us far, far away to a remote corner. The room we got needed renovation, the living room area had only 2 chairs and a TV that worked intermittently. The room had 2 very small bathrooms. The carpets were very dirty and there were holes in the walls from pictures being taken town. It looked like the room was in the middle of renovation. We were told it was our only option. The breakfast restaurant was very dirty. They sat us at dirty tables every morning and it was difficult to impossible to get a cup of coffee. The food was horrible at best. The concierge staff steered us in wrong directions on 2 occasions. I hope they deliberately didn't do it, it just seemed odd it happened 2 times! They had a nice lounge in the lobby area for morning coffee and late nite drinks and a 26th floor lounge that was nice for a drink late at night. The on premise massage people were horrible! Very poorly trained and the rooms were dirty. It's about 20 minute walk to the Bund, better to take a taxi.	
Jan 4 2008 	A nice stay	I spent 5 nights at the hotel in Dec-Jan 2007-2008. I had some doubts about it after reading the reviews here before leaving for China... Here's my thoughts about the stay.Location:Ok. Longer than 100 metres to the Bund though (despite what the hotel says), we soon got tired of walking to and from the centre. The helpful doormen got us taxis almost every day, it's so cheap! Y11 (€1,1)) for a cab to People's Square.And across the street there is a Starbucks! :)Cleanliness:When me and my friends booked our rooms there were only Deluxe-rooms left. It wasn't much more expensive and i'm so GLAD we ended up in those rooms. Clean, good beds - but the carpet in both rooms was gross, no walking barefoot and almost not in socks either... Luckily the hotel provided slippers.Clean bathrooms! And hot water all the time.Staff:Friendly overall... but not everyone were what we would consider service-minded.Warning:You'll have to pay Y500 as a deposition upon arrival. We complained, because we thougt it was way too much and got some really unpleasant replies. Anyway, be prepared. A friend who stayed in another hotel paid Y200. Food:Don't spend money on their breakfast. Y80. Too expensive. We came to breakfast around 9.30 and people were still coming in after us. The trays were empty and the huge amount of workers didn't manage to fill them. What they had wasn't that good. Grab a cab and go somewhere else to eat, as we did after that first day. The restaurant is also overpriced. TV:Yes, CNN Asia and HBO. I know what you're thinking: Why go to China to watch TV?? But after 10 hours of walking it feels nice to watch some bad movie and relax in the comfortable bed!Would I stay there again:Sure, I wouldn't mind it at all! But for my own convenience maybe I would choose something that's closer to Nanjing Rd and the metro.Ajust the heating before going out in the evening in winter, otherwise the room will be freezing cold when you get back in.Have a nice time in Shanghai, I love the city!	
Jan 2 2008 	Delighted	Close to HongQiao airport.No problems getting a non-smoking room.All staff spoke at least a little English and were helpful.Room was clean, newish, and i loved soaking in the bath while watching t.v after a long day's sightseeing.Room stayed nice and warm - important in winter.Softest bed i've had while in Asia!!Some construction on tall building next door but nothing that i found too disturbing.A very short walk to main sights (Bund, tunnel to Pudong, shopping streets etc), restaurants/bars.Great local eatery across the road, where they make excellent xiaolongbao (shanghai dumplings) and soup noodles - very friendly people and delicious, cheap food.Don't bother paying extra for breakfast at the hotel- very average. There's a Starbucks across the road to get you started until you find a better place for breakfast.Overall, a wonderful 4 nights at HengSheng Peninsula International. I will stay there again.	
Dec 27 2007 	A Good Value	My parents checked in an hour ahead of me, but within 3 minutes of my arrival at the front desk, they knew exactly what I needed and had my key ready. Booked two twins on the 23rd floor. It was a large, corner room with decent carpet, modestly sized bathroom, and all very clean. Had an issue with the hot water taking a while, but I've always taken my time drawing a bath or shower. The beds are nice and firm. The internet connection in my room was unavailable, which was a slight disappointment.Elevators are also a little slow getting up and down, if that sort of thing bothers you. Had a drink at the bar at the top, and everything is incredibly overpriced and unimaginative. Did not get to use the gym or pool.Breakfast buffet was not included, about 90RMB/person, and completely forgettable. There is a place with Shanghainese soup dumplings that rival any place about two blocks away for a tenth the price. You might be better served with that or street food.Overall, I liked this hotel very much, thought it was a great value. Just stay away from the bar and food here.	
Dec 21 2007 	Nice Hotel in Convenient Location	This was a nice hotel in a convenient location. The buffet breakfast was a little expensive but they had a nice selection of food and start serving at 6:30 AM. The hotel staff was nice and helpful. This is an older hotel but the room was comfortable and they had HBO and a few other channels that were broadcast in English. This hotel also had very hot water in the bathroom. The hotel is located on a main road so getting a taxi is very easy. They also have a small gym and a nice size swimming pool. Their rates are reasonable considering what they have to offer.	
Dec 5 2007 	Ideal Location to Experience Shanghai	Last April we met a chap in Cuba who travelled the world on business. His favourite city was Shanghai. We were intrigued as it's about the same flying time from Vancouver to Shanghai as it is to Europe. Fortunately, our local T&amp;T Asian Supermarket has an in-house Silkway Travel Office. Over the summer its manager (Nat) created an ideal Shanghai package for two curious seniors. He recommended the HengSheng Peninsula Hotel as being appropriate for our plans. Nat arranged tours every second day leaving us with alternate &quot;Free&quot; days. Tours included an intro day in Shanghai with lunch and dinner. Others were day tours to Suzhou and Hanzhou. Our Guider met us at Pudong airport with a driver for the one hour trip to the Hotel. The lighting on the skyscrapers as you approach the downtown is a visual feast. We arrived about 10 pm, and were quickly checked in. Our Shanghai Guider ensured that everything went like clockwork for our whole visit. She finally signed off on us as we approached the airport on departure a week later.Our suite was large and well appointed. Right below us was an &quot;old&quot; Shanghai street with store front and side walk vendors. At noon tables appeared on half the street providing instant restaurants for construction workers. The area surrounding the hotel will likely be all high-rises within the next year. The variety of architectural styles Shanghai is mind boggling. There must be 20,000 high rises with another couple of thousand under construction. My wife spent hours watching the street scene below us. Even though construction goes on 24/7, the noise levels weren't that bad. There were not sirens all night like we experienced in London. The breakfast included in our package offered varying tasty Western or Chinese choices. Our fellow guests made breakfast a mini-United Nations experience. After checking in we went up to the roof top lounge for drinks. They were quite expensive, and somewhat short on the Whiskey. They were the last drinks we had in the hotel. Although there are several restaurants in the hotel, we enjoyed sampling the numerous restaurants within a five minute walk from the hotel. We were happy when we discovered a Cantonese Restaurant about a block from the hotel that offered the only Dim Sum we encountered on our whole trip. In Vancouver every second Chinese Restaurant has Dim Sum. We never did use the indoor swimming pool as it seemed like part of a separate Spa complex. The hotel has an ATM which was handy. Credit Card fraud is rampant in Shanghai. We had been warned that our bank would cancel our cards after the first Shanghai charge unless we gave them the specific dates of our visit. As a further protection we used cash for most transactions. The hotel was very convenient for pick-up on our Tour days. On our &quot;Free&quot; days the Bund (sight-seeing) and Nanjing Road (shopping) were within easy walking distance. Pearl Tower and the newly built Pudong business area were just a short ferry ride across the River. We took a very interesting 3 hour cruise from the Bund to the mouth of the Yangze River. Street vendors were persistent around the hotel and the Bund. You just have to get used to ignoring them. We ignored one so much that he finally sold us three Rolex knock-offs for 100 yuan ($13) rather than see us close the car door on him. He had started out at 300 yuan for one. We were a bit apprehensive about our first trip to Asia. Would the two hour stopover in Tokyo be sufficient time to make our connection to Shanghai? Our concerns were based on experiences in London and Toronto. We needn't have worried. Japan Air Lines was the best we've ever flown with. Silkway Travel's Guiders and Drivers were wonderful. We specially enjoyed the kindness and care provided by our young Suzhou Guider. We hope we tipped them enough for all their efforts on our behalf. We relied on Trip Advisor Reviews to obtain the flavour of the HengSheng Peninsula Hotel before making our final decision. All of our expectations were certainly met or exceeded. We definately look forward to returning!	
Nov 1 2007 	Needs work	First the good things about it:1. Prompt service when dealing with a booking change.Had to make a change in my booking and did so by fax from home, in English. I got a prompt response from them in English, and by fax, which they bothered to send interationally. This kind of customer service is far better than what I am accustomed to in the U.S. Polite and efficient.2. Room was alright. The windows needed cleaning; the carpet could have been cleaned better. Could have been more closet space. The water (as in all of Shanghai) smelled of dirt and was a yellowish color. 3. Nice AtmosphereHotel lobby had a nice atmosphere, though could have offered more seating for visitors who are waiting, as one often does at hotels.Not so good points1. English ability of front desk staff hit and missa. I simply asked for a towel. The staff person said that would be $100 (or equivalent to). She insisted she was right, and this conversation went on for a few minutes until she realized that I was asking only for a towel. Apparently, she thought I was asking for an extra cot or something of that nature.b. Asked for confirmation of my bill. After having been there a couple of days, to avoid any last minute problems, I went to the front desk and asked to make sure I had no extraneous charges, like phone, on my bill, since I didn't use the phone. Again, the clerk misunderstood me, told me I had rung up some exhorbitant amount and she insisted that it must be paid. After I stated I had not used the phone, the wet bar, etc., she went to print out the bill. Whallah, she was quoting another guest's room, not mine.What is really annoying is that the clerk insists that she is right, and involves the guest into a drawn out debate, rather than just listening to the guest, and checking, God forbid, that *she* might have been the one in error.Restaurant - Breakfast buffetAwful and overpriced - avoid it if you are expecting a quality Western style buffet breakfast. This is a faux Western breakfast and borders on disgusting, especially for the price.Refusal to give out key cards to each guest (per room). I was alright with this, but I witnessed another guest deal with asking for a separate room key card for both he and his wife. I can understand the rule, but the staff do not know how to deal with these issues in a polite manner, as a 3 or 4 star hotel ought.This is certainly no 4 star hotel by any means.Location - not good. Nothing around it. No Starbucks, nothing that a Westerner who is unfamiliar with China could patronize.Solicitors/Beggars in the area. I was followed by a male and harrassed by him as I was leaving the hotel for a day trip, making my way down the street on foot. He followed me for several blocks until I finally reached my destination, which was another hotel. The solicitors (by that I mean, asking for money or to buy some article of goods), congregate in front of the hotel.Overall, I'd avoid this hotel.	
Sep 30 2007	Overpriced with poor service	Small room - beds hard and short - typical in China. Comforatble with everything we need. Complimentary water was supplied daily. Business centre not open till after 08:00. No Services book - had to find out where the restuarants and facilities were, but the English is very limited. Food at the ground floor over priced, people were smoking next to us.	
Sep 29 2007 	Supposed to be 4star more like a 2star	We arrived late in the evening and was allocated a room that seemed a little worse for wear. It was so late that we decided to accept it and try to have a restful night.The room was basic and the carpet looked as if it hadn't been washed in ages and there was a definate tobacco smell in the halls, even though we had a no smoking room on a no smoking floor.We went to the hotel restaurant to have a meal and although the food was ok, the restaurant looked and smelled of damp.We tried to cash our travellers cheques at this hotel, but we were told that they did not have enough money to cash them, and we had to wait till the following day until they could do anything. This seemed quite amazing from a hotel that was supposed to be 4star.I also found the Assistant Manager to be off handed when I complained about the lack of funds to cash my cheques.Generally it was an OK hotel. but I would not stay here again, it was definately a 2 star with delusions of a 4.	
Sep 23 2007	Terrible..!	I stayed here with my wife and her work colleagues, and by far this is the worst hotel experience in my life. This is how it started.Day 1: I arrived with a group of 29, and the bell boys refused to unload the luggage from the bus or even take it up to my room, so we had to lug it ourselves to our room after an hour for check in. The room was not clean, the bed was not made and it was like a hole! So my wife went down to the reception and we were told that if we want a better room, we must pay more, which we did. The hotel refused to take credit card, they only wanted cash, which we had to hand over upfront. We then found out that we paid more money to get the room we had already paid for! (the other members in the group got the same room as my new room!) Upon asing for a refund, I was told &quot;no refund&quot; and i argued and argued but to no avail.The room that was then given to us, was good, till the time i discovered that it had a leakage issue and that entire carpet near the bathroom was wet! so we called the assistant manager who then came up, had a look and then decided to move us to another room. He apologized for the room and moved us to another simlar room. i ordered some food, and it was served to me in paper plates and plastic cups!!! so i though i would go out for dinner. After returning form dinner, hoping for a good nights sleep, i was woken up by the heat at 4 am, and upon inquiring, i was told that other members in the hotel are feeling cold, so they have turned off the airconditioning! i was amazed at this answer as all roooms have individual a/c units!!! After a lot of shouting, they finally turned on the a/c.Day 2: After a really poor breakfast we decided to go out for shopping and so wanted to exchange money, and i headed to the reception cashier to exchange money and was told that the hotel does not have any money to exchange US$ and that i must go to a bank! The Hotel looks ok, but i felt cheated by the this Hotel and would not reccomend this hotel to anyone.Amit Kabra	
Sep 11 2007 	Shady shady shady	The hotel never gave me back my room deposit although they told me it would be credited back to my account within 30 days. Now that I'm back home, I figure I'll never get that money back. Hotel itself was decent but seriously, avoid this and get your money back right away. What a shady place.	
Jul 14 2007	Great Experience and Great Location!	I was a bit skeptical after reading some of the reviews, but the hotel seemed to be the best value for me, so I went ahead and booked it. I was very pleasantly surprised by the hotel!The room was a bit small and oddly shaped, (I got a room with a single bed), but certainly large enough for one person and about what I expected for a value room in a metropolis. The furnishings were all very modern and clean. The bed was actually quite soft and the pillows were luxurious. There's a small desk/workspace, and a small cabinet/minibar with a TV that actually has channels other than CCTV! The bathroom was also very clean and had a clear window with a view of the rest of the room (of course there's a curtain for privacy). The shower was quite hot and had great water pressure (which I guess is to be expected in a hotel, but it was quite a treat for me as I had been staying in hostels for 3 weeks prior). The western toilet was also great. As for the location of the hotel, I have to disagree with some of the other reviews. I think the location is great! The 'dark alleys' mentioned in other reviews were just small side streets like you'd find in any urban area. They weren't brightly lit up, but I didn't feel threatened at any time, even late at night. But the location is great because It's a VERY short walk to the Bund! You go straight out the side entrance of the hotel, follow the street forward a few blocks, turn left a block and you're at the bridge that crosses to the Bund. It's a 10 minute walk to the beginning of the Bund and from there it's not far to the nearest metro station (Middle Henan), so several of the major attractions are nearby or easy to get to.The one above complaint that is true about the hotel is that if your taxi driver tries to go to the main entrance, he'll need to make a U-Turn and come back, which can be tough. However, I had taxi drivers simply turn into the side entrance, which is much more accessible. I didn't have any driver refuse to take me there.The breakfast buffet is similar to every Chinese/Western breakfast buffet around- nothing spectacular, but decent enough.The one odd thing was I put up the DND sign because I didn't feel my room needed to be made up, but when I came back, I found that it had been made up and the sign back on the inside of the door. It didn't really bother me since I had nothing of value in the room, but found it curious. There's an easy to use room safe as well, just in case.	
May 7 2007 	Very pleasant stay	From the moment we arrived at the hotel, service was always prompt and courteous. The room was spacious, very clean and modern. We also had the best chinese meals at the hotel restaurant, again with very good service. Definitely wouldn't mind staying at this hotel again if I am visiting Shanghai again as it is such good value for the rate we paid.	
Apr 25 2007 	Pretty Good Hotel	This was the first hotel we stayed in in China, and it wasn't a bad start. The rooms were clean enough, although the carpet was a bit dirty - something we later discovered was pretty standard in China. The hallways had a bit of an unusual smell about them, but the rooms themselves were fine.Our room was small, but from the plan it looked like one of the smallest rooms on the floor. It had a bath along with shower, but the soap/shampoo/conditioner were one and the same - never a good thing for the hair.The gym staff spoke zero English, and the gym itself was pretty basic. The pool looked OK, but apparently you werent allowed to swim in it unless you brought (or purchased) a swimming cap.Before coming I'd read a bit about the location of the hotel and was a little concerned, but it wasn't as bad as I had expected. Admittedly, it isn't a *direct* walk to the Bund/Nanjing, but once you know how to get there its actually reasonably easy. The Bund is about a 10-15 minute walk, Nanjing about 20-30 minutes. The area isn't that well lit but at no time did we feel unsafe, even walking back at around 11pm. Probably the most annoying thing about the location of the hotel was the lack of a nearby metro station. We were reasonably happy here however if we visit Shanghai again, we'll probably look at something a bit closer to Nanjing Rd, just for convenience sake.	
Mar 27 2007 	Worst service ever	When making my reservation i asked what the latest checkout was they can give me as my plane leaves at 23.55pm. I was told if i would checkout out before 6pm, i would not be charged (even confirmed this by asking again). The next day i checked out at 3.45pm and i was charged half day. Upon asking why, they said late checkout is only until 2 pm. After making many objections as they were the ones who told me i could check out at 6pm, they did nothing to help me. Even asked: do you have written proof that you were given checkout until 6pm? (answer naturally is no) No? Then you just have to pay the bill. After that, got ganged up on by 3 receptionists with very unfriendly, almost hostile attitudes.The rooms itself are not that bad. The location however is not good. Its about 15 minutes walk to the Bund and Nanjing Rd without any directions. Walking therefore is not an option. The only way is taxi, but i myself had a hard time to find a taxi to go back to the hotel. Asked about 6 taxis before finding one willing to take me.I will rate this hotel as okay, but only due to the ok rooms. For the rest, the hotel was a terrible experience. Would not advice anyone to stay at this hotel.	
Jan 5 2007 	Not good area/service	Upon arrival we were told they didnt have a double, as ordered but only a twin. After requesting our money back they manager eventually 'upgraded' us to our original choice. No apology was offered. Early check in wasn't possible so we ate some horrendous food in the hotel bar with an awful piano which plays itself and tunes which repeat and repeat. Not recommended. The room was nice and the view was fantastic (thanks to our upgrade), the instructions for using the internet were not clear and this caused problems. Staff spoke enough, but not fantastic English, but the reception staff were frosty. The area, although not dangerous, is not ideal. The walk to the Bund is indirect and not pleasant and the location is not handy for a metro. Travel by taxi is easiest. I wouldnt recommend the hotel on location alone, even ignoring the problems with the staff.	
Sep 21 2006	English speaking?	I've both lived in Shanghai and had to visit on business. I have stayed at a small hotel (not listed) in the same area. Guys, please, it's NOT in a dangerous area of Shanghai. The lack of super-bright street lighting we're used to in the west can make Shanghai streets seem dark and dangerous. They are not. You are missing out on a huge part of real Shanghai if you're locking yourself in your room at night. The area the hotel is in has a long history and is home to normal Shanghai people... get out and go exploring, even at night, you will come across bustling street markets, food stalls, people chilling in their PJs, ;) etc etc.About 90% of the staff not speaking english... this is China, for heavens sake! Only at the very top hotels here will all the staff speak English, even then the housekeeping maids will very likely not ever speak English as they are relatively low-paid workers. If you dont want to be shocked at a hotel's staff not speaking English, visit Australia, USA, UK, .....Enjoy Shanghai!! :D	
Jul 17 2006	Location is the problem	Although the hotel was economical and generally a nice facility, the location leaves a lot to be desired. It's just not that easy to get to - taxis have to either do an awkward U-Turn in the middle of a busy street, or run around some awkward blocks. I did not have any cabs refuse to go there, but it was always a hassle for them. Walking is ok, but a longer walk to Nanjing Road and the Bund than you might expect, and it is easy to get turned around. At night it is dark and a bit of a scary neighborhood for Westerners on their first visit to China. We were there with friends &amp; discovered that each room was a unique layout. We were in room 513 - Our view was of the old section of Shanghai - nothing to write home about, but interesting to see. The bedroom was smaller than our friends had - and there were 3 steps up to where the bed was - the bathroom was on the lower level. Bathroom was modern and clean. We had a shower and a jacuzzi tub. There was a working room safe, which we appreciated. Beds were firm (not rock hard) and overall the room was very comfortable. There is a Business Center in the lobby where we checked the internet - 30 Yuan for 20 minutes, or something like that. We found the staff very helpful - a bellboy knew perfect English &amp; the rest of the staff tried very hard to help us whenever we asked them, including going out into the street to hail us a cab. The breakfast buffet was fine - I liked getting a fresh omelette made to order every morning. The meals in the lobby bar were actually good, more than pub fare. In the end, the hotel itself was fine and a good value, but I did not like the location. If you are young and like to walk a long way in the shadows of Shanghai, then it might be ok - otherwise, if you stay here, just determine that you will take a taxi. Fortunately, taxis in Shanghai are very reasonable - you can go all over town for just a few dollars. I recommend an evening boat ride on the river and on a nice day, go up the Pearl Tower. In the evening, go to the Grand Hyatt in Pudong (stay there if you can afford it!) The lobby is on the 54th floor. Get reservations for the restaurant at the top, or just go to the Cloud 9 Lounge (one of the world's highest - great views) and go back to level 54 for a reasonable dinner without reservations. Pudong side is newer and more western, but the sights you want to see and the shopping are primarily on the other (older) side of the river. If you want to walk to shopping and sight-seeing, choose something close to or on Nanjing Road. Be sure to see the Shanghai museum in People's Square and the adjacent museum with the entire city plan (model) of Shanghai.	
Jun 5 2006	Interesting room layout - great view towards Pudong	Stayed at room 1422. Nice size, with an interesting design, separating entrance, bathroom and living area. The room seemed well kept, and the bathroom clean.After arrival, taking a shower, the water stayed in the bathtub. I issued a complaint, when leaving for a nightly boat-tour on the Pudong river, and the problem was solved, when I returned.Although the room was on the 14. floor traffic noise was still relatively strong; but sleep came without problem anyway (10 hours flight with no sleep does that to you). Did not experience noise from other rooms.The view from the room was toward the Pudong river near The Bund; no complaints here.Internet was 50RMB per 24. hours (standard ethernet), but the login did not work. I contacted technical assistance, and they promised to call back within 5 minutes. I told them, I had to go out on the town within 20 minutes. I heard nothing more on this, and did not use internet in the hotel. The room has dual power outlets for european and australasian plugs for 220V 50 Hz.The hotel has MasterCard ATM in the lobby. The breakfast restaurant was well stocked, and seemed to be able to cater for most tastes. The elevators had built-in safety alarms. When the elevator is overloaded, a really impressive alarm tone is sounded, and everything stops until the offending party leaves the elevator. It is extremely annoying to be the offending party, alas... it gives confidence in the designers of the hotel.	
Dec 1 2005	They do not speak english	I stayed in this hotel early November, it is to my horror that almost 90% of their hotel staff do not speak english, most of the guest have hard time communicating with the staff. Though the room was quite good, but the room layout is not that impressive as it does not prrovide a good view, instead a view of another hotel room.	
Oct 18 2005	Nice hotel sketchy location	This hotel had great, spacious rooms however, it is located in a somewhat secluded area, near a series of highways. I'm not sure how unsafe it actually is but I was uncomfortable with the idea of walking outside late at night and we had trouble getting taxis to take us back to the hotel since it located in such an isolated area. It is very affordable however, and the rooms are immaculate and clean. The concierge and staff are not very friendly but the hotel is nicely designed.	
Nov 6 2009 	?????????????		
Jul 28 2009 	Lage naja Zimmer okay Personal naja		
Oct 1 2008 	?????????????????		
