Nov 18 2009 	Great place to stay - comfortable rooms tasty food great service!	Some of the best parts of this hotel: the fitness center and spa is well-kept, there are individual televisions for the elliptical machines, and even yoga and judo classes offered. The pool, according to one of my colleagues, was very clean but over-chlorinated.The breakfast buffet is wonderful: you can go Asian, go American, go British, go Japanese... there's everything. Dim sum, omlettes, pancakes, French toast, melon, mangoes, corned beef hash, smoked salmon, salad, banana bread, croissants, cereals, juices.... the list goes on. One warning - there is a smoking section, as there are still plenty of smokers in the world that need to be catered to. The smoke DOES waft over occassionally to the non-smoking section, but hey, nothing's perfect.The rooms are very clean, luxurious bedding (I wanted to take home the pillows!), nice decor, flat screen TVs, transitional/modern fixtures, free wifi... I only gave four stars for the room because one time, I came back to my room, and the gentleman cleaning the room was obviously sick - sniffling and coughing all over the place. Not wanting to get sick during my stay, I was understandably dismayed by the germs he was spreading while cleaning the faucets, counters, etc. I wanted someone to reclean the room after he left!Since cabs are so inexpensive (literally, $3-5 to most places!), the location is fine. Be careful of where your room is, though; since the hotel is at a well-travelled fork of sorts, the traffic horns in the morning can wake you up (if you want to sleep in.)The hotel has a park, along with a convention hall/center and several villas. I went for a jog throughout, and though it was short, it was wonderful to have so much greenery on hand in the middle of a such an industrial and bustling city.I suggest that anyone travelling to this hotel, and to Shanghai in general, take a little pocket Engligh-Chinese dictionary, and maybe even take some Chinese CDs from the library before travelling. English is not spoken widely, so past &quot;hello!&quot; and &quot;thank you!&quot;, a lot of the staff, like approximately 75%, didn't know what I meant when I asked for a pharmacy, a drug store, or place to buy medicine. But charades goes a long way!The concierge desk was come and go; the head concierge is extremely knowledgeable, but the others are iffy. Make sure you have them write down on a card where you intend to go in Chinese, so you can show this card to the taxi driver.Bon voyage!	
Aug 22 2009 	Hotel Agreable	In a nace garden place, this hotel will be very nice for any kind of stay. Do no hesitate to go there ...My critc might be hard, but it is suppose to be a high class hotel ...	
Jul 15 2009	Superb setting	We enjoyed our four-night stay here in 2008. The park surrounding the hotel is ideal for a before-breakfast or after-dinner stroll. The hotel itself is excellent - try the Chinese restaurant.	
May 28 2009 	Great hotel shame about the location	Spent two nights at this hotel during a business trip. If it weren't for the location, there would be absolutely nothing to complain about. The rooms are clean, pretty big and offer everything you need. Bathrooms are also clean, large and there's a good selection of different toiletries. And there's free internet in the rooms, tea making facilities&lt; complimentery mineral water, well-stocked mini-bar, etc. - everything you'd expect.The breakfast buffet offers a lot of options, both asian and western fare. And you should try the dinner buffet - there aren't that many options, but if you like sea food you'll love it. I also oredered food from room service and it was hit-and-miss - great soup, but dissapointing noodles - but the prices were pretty modarate for this class of hotel.The receprion staff was very helpful, they wrote down the places I needed to go in chinese, so that I wouldn't have any problems with taxi drivers.The only downside is the location - yeah, the park setting is great, but if you want to do any sightseeing all the main attractions are pretty far and you have to take a taxi.	
Feb 19 2009 	mediocre	The location is great for walking in the residential former French Concession, and the green park surrounding it is nice... but for international hotel rates you get very limited Chinese service... poor English from operators and front desk people... very mediocre but expensive Western food from room service, and tired room decor. Free internet was VERY slow, and kept cutting out. Everything was beige.	
Feb 3 2009 	Very nice hotel in the French Concessions	This is a very nice hotel, located in the French Concession, our favorite part of Shanghai. We have stayed at this hotel many times and can particularly recommend the club floor, where the before dinner drinks and snacks are really good.It is a quite hotel situated in a small park, so ask for park veiw to secure some green scenery from your window. The low rise quarters surrounding the hotel have nice restaurants and cafees and makes the ground for some good walks.It is a 4 star hotel, a little flossy in the corners, but nice and clean rooms and an excellent breakfast buffet. So with respect to price, this is a top level experience.	
Dec 6 2008 	Good not the best location	This is a newer hotel with very comfortable rooms. I have only had breakfast in the dining areas, which was included in the room rate and also very good. This hotel sits on what I think was once a government compound and the grounds are large and very well maintained. It is relaxing to walk the grounds after a days work. There are no restaurants close by but a short taxi ride gets me to Heng Shan Lu and a lot of western restaurants and bars. My favorite is Omally's which some say has the best burger in Shanghai. For me this is a good choice for a hotel, but there are so many to choose from and at many different prices from very high to reasonable.	
Sep 19 2008 	All in all a 4 star experience but could improve...	The hotel has great rooms in a nice quiet setting. The restaurants were lacking however and the executive lounge was a smoke fest at night. The hotel had the best workout room I have experienced in Shanghai and yes I have stayed at the Shangri-La :). It is close to Xintiandi and about 20 minutes from the Bund. I will stay there again, but make sure to note restaurants in the area. Simply Thai was one good lunch option and I am found of New Heights on the bund.	
Sep 6 2008 	A Good Hotel	We stayed at the Radisson Xing Guo in late August . Our family of five includes children aged 15, 13 and 9. My sister in law was also with us. We found the location to be quite acceptable. The walk for us to the subway took about 15 minutes. And subway line 2 took us very quickly to most tourist attractions. The hotel has a nice pool. Food was fine. We purchased air tickets through the business office at a rate that seemed to match that offered on ctrip so I doubt we paid too much of a fee. In fact the hotel left an envelope with some cash in it in our room when the air tickets ended up costing less than the agreed upon price.Our reservations did not include free breakfast on the last day. But the hotel waived the charge even though we argued with them that we should be paying.Our only very minor complaint was that the concierge was not aware that the Museum of Science and Technology was closed (Monday) the day we asked him about going there. This may be unfair as it was primarily our responsibility to check this out.All in all, a very nice stay.	
Aug 9 2008	Nice Room and Pleasant Stay	We stayed at the Radisson Shanghai Xing Guo Hotel as part of a group tour package that included visits to Beijing, Xian, Shanghai and Hong Kong. The Radisson is a very pleasant hotel near the area of Shanghai known as the French Concession (or French Quarter). The hotel is modern and nicely appointed, but a bit far from a subway stop and the center of the tourist action in Shanghai. Since we were part of a group tour, the distance was not a problem since we did not have any free time to taxi into the central city area anyway. Had we free time in the evenings, then we would have had to catch a taxi since subway stations were about a 30 minute walk away from the hotel (nearest stations: Line 2 Jiangsu Lu or Line 1 Heng Shan Lu). The shops and restaurants of the French Concession might have been an evening diversion we could have considered, but our tour itinerary did not allow for much exploration and therefore we did not attempt to walk it from the hotel. The hotel is set in a cluster of old colonial style villas and a park, in keeping with the area's French colonial history. It would have been nice to walk the grounds, but time did not permit. Staff were very professional and willing to help. Our room was nicely appointed and very comfortable for 2 persons. It probably had every amenity I would have wanted and a lot of work went into the details to fit out the room for the guests. Our bathroom was ample and nicely appointed as well with a ton of marble and mirrors to make one feel like one of those new Shanghai millionaires. Our package included daily buffet breakfast and this was excellent. As in most hotels in China, the offerings included a wide selection of both western and asian breakfast dishes in a sunny and beautifully appointed dining room. The Radisson offered a large indoor swimming pool, huge work out area, and even a 6 lane bowling alley. This is a hotel that is good for business travellers who don't mind taking taxis and for families who would stay put on the property to enjoy the onsite amenities offered. If I return to Shanghai on my own, then I would likely book at a hotel closer to People's Square, the Bund, or possibly near a subway stop in order to access the restaurants, shopping and night life that Shanghai is famous for. The Radisson would be a bit out of the way to access these things via subway.	
May 23 2008 	A tad far but nice rooms	The hotel is a bit far from the city centre and the main cluster of the big name hotels. Most taxi drivers don't know this hotel so remember the address and preferably the road junction in Mandarin. The main entrance of the hotel is located inside the park/grass area, so you will have to direct the taxi driver around the bends until you find the lobby.The rooms are reasonable size with a comfortable king size bed. The room and bathroom are clean (I'm quite picky about cleanliness!). They gave the usual cable channels on TV and free bottles of water in the room which is replenished each day.The breakfast is very standard hotel breakfast, there is a good selection of food, but not very tasty. At least they have a chef standing by to cook your eggs how/when you want them. The staffs are not particularly helpful, but will answer your questions/help you make a reservation at a restaurant if you ask. But don't expect them to help you plan your day or have in depth knowledge of the city.If I went back to Shanghai again, probably won't stay here because it's a bit out of the way and it's a hassle to take the taxi every time you want to go out. The taxis are cheap (meter starts at RMB 11 and takes forever for the meter to jump compared to other Asian city taxis), but sometimes there is heavy traffic jams and the cars just DON'T move!! But the hotel is nice and located in the French Concession area which is very tranquil and quite a lovely area of Shanghai.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great Hotel! Would go back again!!!	We visited Shanghai on business and I was given the responsibility of planning our whole trip. Considering I am not well travelled and knowing that we were going to be in China for two whole weeks, I knew that comfort and security were important. To be honest, I made reservations at the Radisson Plaza Xing Guo based off of price. I knew it was a little further from downtown but since we were in China for business and not pleasure, that was not of real importance to us. Hotels that are downtown near the Bund or along the banks of the Huangpu tend to be in the $250 - $350 USD range which I thought was ridiculous!!! We were a short 10-15 minute car ride away from the downtown core. The hotel overall was very lovely. An impressive foyer, attentive staff etc. We arrived the day Typhoon Wipha hit Shanghai so our original room reservation was impacted by this since the person who had the room the night before chose to stay an extra few nights to wait out the storm. Lucky for us - we were upgraded to the suites which were really breathtaking! HUGE room, HUGE bathroom, HUGE bed! The bathroom in my room was really spectacular. Marble, gold, granite, tub, shower etc etc. The room was clean, bright, relaxing etc. Bottled water is complimentary in the room. We only ate breakfast at the hotel which was really quite lovely. The restaurant staff were also very attentive and were quick to remove dishes once we were done with them. Our driver and translator were quick to inform us that we had picked an interesting hotel since this hotel is more apt to have foreign diplomats and government officials than foreign business people at their hotel. From what we saw of the grounds, they were really lovely. If it wasn't typhoon weather for the 3 days we were there, we would have walked around the grounds and explored the gorgeously manicured gardens they had as well. Only minor complaint was when we arrived for check in it took a little prodding to get us the upgrade. After being on an airplane for 16 hours and sitting in Shanghai traffic for another hour plus, we did not have the energy to battle with the front desk staff. Lucky for us, the translator we hired saved the day and pushed to get us to our rooms for a brief rest before dinner. All in all, best bang for your buck near downtown Shanghai.	
Oct 30 2007 	Nice location	This hotel is in a nice quiet location in Shanghai in a rather attractive part of town. The grounds are expansive but they are dotted with buildings and dont really qualify as a 'garden'. The rooms are neat and adequately equipped. The level of service depends upon the member of the staff you draw. I have had service that was really excellent especially in the Li Palace resturant, to the indifferent - particularly at the front desk. Be warned that not all of the staff speak english and this can be quite trying.The food in the Li Palace is fabulous and the staff are very helpful. The buffet breakfast provides a huge variety and you can have a satisfying meal though not all of the food on offer is made well.	
Aug 6 2007 	nice hotel	Very nice hotel, very confortable, very nice pool area.We had reserved by internet and PREPAID the room. But we arrived at the hotel at 10:30 pm and our room was no more available. So they put us in the suite for the first night and we had to change rooms for the rest of our stay !!Internet is 20 dollars per hour !!The hotel is noisy (street noise) and not in the center but the staff is very good and pleasant, the rooms very confortable and the pool is great. So it was a good stay.	
Apr 19 2007 	Business stay	Stayed for a business meeting. Rooms are nice - stayed in the &quot;Jr. Suite&quot; with Plaza Club use ( as an executive club, it is pretty plain but the service is good. The standard guest room, while nice, was small, but clean. Jr. Suite room about equal to the Shang. I would stay here again. The service crew for our business meeting was excellent. Food at hotel was excellent as well.	
Jul 28 2006 	Great hotel in Shanghai	We stayed at this property for 3 nights in July 2006 with our 3 and 5 year old daughters. The bathroom was large and very clean with a huge tub. We had two beds that were very comfortable. The TV got many foreign channels. Here are a couple of points:1) the hotel has a great pool and gym. I got a massage there that was ok, not great. The floor near the pool is very slippery, so be careful. The pool is very clean and was great to spend time at. There is also a deck off the exerce room. 2) location. It was 100 degress plus when we were in Shanghai, so we didn't explore the surrounding area very much on foot. We didn't go to any of the shopping centers either, but there are stores in the area if you are willing to take a cab.3) staff: The level of English is pretty good.4) food: very good. the breakfast buffet is great and you can always get diet coke with ice :) We ate at the hotel 3 nights for dinner and the food was excellent and we are very picky. Not too pricy either.We really liked this hotel and highly recommend it.	
Jun 27 2006	A Lovely Boutique Hotel	I did an extensive research and picked Radisson Plaza as our hotel in Shanghai as the 15-acre garden may serve the playground for our young kids. As a matter of fact, the garden not only provides a great view for the rooms in the front, but also filters out the noises inherent in this over populated city. The service was friendly, yet could be more energetic. The breakfast is a great combination of Western and Chinese food, providing our kids a jump start daily. I just wish the rooms could be as spacious as the bathrooms.	
Jun 11 2006	The Best Hotel	I have stayed in many luxury properties, but this hotel is the best. Prepare to be pampered in 5 start luxury. Location is also very conveniant.	
Apr 18 2006	LOVED IT!	We stayed three nights in april. We are so happy we chose this hotel. In the begining we tried to go to the Westin as there was an internet offer and we tought location was better but could not do it because of some problems with the credit car. This hotel is excellent and, contrary to what we thought, location is not a problem as you anyway have to take a taxi everywhere in Shanghai and they are very cheap. There are excellent restaurants around. Hotel staff were excellent and always treated us great and give us very good advice. We made the reservation through Raddisson web site and breakfast was included. Breakfast was very good. The hotel was very nice, it did not seem crowded.	
Jul 14 2005	A treat!	Travelling as a single mom with children is not always easy. At most more exclusive hotels, you will not be treated with respect. Unfortunately. Radisson Plaza Xing Guo is an exception. The location might not be the very best, although there are some very good restaurants and great shopping close by. But everything else is almost perfect. Food is fantastic, especially the Sunday Champagne Brunch. Breakfast buffet is very good. Staff is very helpful and service-minded. Pool and gym are of the highest standards and rooms are spacious and comfortable. But best of all: it is one of the rather few hotels with a high standard where they treat people equally! And make you feel genuinely welcome, even if you happen to be a single mom!	
May 22 2005	What a nice surprise!	We just returned from a 14 day China tour and the best hotel was the Radisson Plaza Shanghai! The hotel is located in the beautiful Frenchtown section of Shanghai. Although you need to take a cab to most restaurants or shopping districts, the cost will be minimal. The room was spacious and very comfortable. The staff was extremely helpful and the buffet breakfast was the best with many choices Asian and Western style.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely return to this property!!	
Apr 2 2005 	Best kept secret in Shanghai	This hotel is great, in a very cool, quiet, gardenesque setting for urban Shanghai. The hotel is in, or on the border of, the French Concession. It's not the Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons, but its much better than the Hilton or Regal... and if you plan to be in Puxi and not Pudong, it is much better located than the Grand Hyatt or Shangri-la. I stay here all the time, as I am in Shanghai quite a bit, and we have a corp rate with the hotel. Do not be put off the by the fact that it is a Radisson! I usually prefer Four Seasons, Ritz, Mandarin Oriental class hotels, but since I spend so much time in Shanghai, i can't be dropping $300 a night 15 nights a month. This place really is a hidden gem in Shanghai and is quite good value.	
May 24 2009	???????????????????????????		
