Nov 21 2009 	Centrally located convenient and roomy	We stayed here for 6 nights and booked here based on TripAdvisor reviews. We were so glad that we did! We booked a 3 bedroom apartment for 4 people. One room was a queen sized bed, one had only a twin bed in it, and the third room had two twin beds with a TV. All rooms had individual air conditioning and heating units. We got a great deal on Expedia.The hotel/apartment is located across the street from a mini-market, which was convenient for snacks and essentials (unfortunately it did not have any fruit or veggies but did have meat, coffee and eggs). The hotel is located 2 blocks from the Line-8 (blue line) Metro stop at Dashije. This made accessing the metro very convenient. People Square, Nanjing Lu, and Old Town/Yuyuan Gardens are an inexpensive 12 RMB taxi ride away (People Square may be walkable but it was very cold when we were there). You can take the Maglev (50 RMB) to the green line (I think its line 3, but not sure), and then transfer to Line 8 (blue line) to get to the hotel or take a taxi ride which should be no more than 130 RMB depending on traffic.Check-in took a bit of time as it required all passports to be written down on a form by the registration staff. They had our reservation correctly and the english was understandable. There is a doorman and always people to help get you a taxi if you need it. There are many restaurants nearby and on your way to the Metro. There is also a bakery nearby for some early morning treats. Our rate did not include complimentary breakfast, which was a bit pricey, so we did not try that. We also did not try the internet. We did however use the laundry self-service which was 15 RMB for a wash and 15 RMB for a dry for 5 kg of laundry (about $5 US for a small load). The pool was closed for the winter so we did not try that. As reported by other Trip Advisor posts, there was construction going on in the hotel. We were on the 4th floor and it sounded like it was above us. It did not bother us so much as it ended by 6pm each day and did not start until about 9am.I really enjoyed our stay as the apartment was very roomy and the location was centrally located to all that we wanted to see. Unfortunately, the Bund was still under construction, so we did not get to see that, but we did see it from the Pudong side. The rooms were large with comfortable bedrooms and good sized clean bathrooms. The kitchen was a bit small and included a refridgerator/freezer, stove, microwave, sink and water cooler. We chose not to pay to rent our kitchen equipment (10 RMB a day) and instead bought a pan and used paper plates/utensils. The water cooler was a life-saver as it actually boils water, so we were able to have coffee/tea, ramen, etc. for our first night even though we had not yet bought our pan. The living room included a couch and two side chairs and a TV. There were many channels on the TV including english stations. The service was great with daily maid service and they gave us 3 gallons of bottled water for the water cooler upon arrival. There were also shampoo, body lotion and hand soap dispensers and a hair dryer in each bathroom. If I were to visit Shanghai again, I would definitely chose to stay at this hotel again!	
Nov 13 2009 	Excellent value and location and good view	The location is excellent and we got a pretty good price. Our room was on the 24th floor and we had a great view of the People's Square and the Museum. The room was essentially a two bedroom suite although one room was set up as an office. One breakfast was included each day. The breakfast buffet served a good variety of food so we had lots of choice. They are starting some renovations on some floors and the pool will be updated over the next two months.The hotel is one block away from a &quot;food street&quot; so there are about 20 restaurants to choose from. There is a small grocery store across the street if you choose to cook in the tiny kitchen or want snacks. The hotel provided a medium size bottled water cooler - about 12 litres.The old city is a short walk away from the hotel. The Bund is undergoing extensive renovations so there is nothing to see but walls. Shanghai is hosting a World Expo in 2010 so the Bund and the city will be much better next year. If you plan to take a cab to the hotel from the airport or the Maglev train, make sure you print the English and Chinese directions from their website to show your cab driver. They also have business card size directions at the front desk to help you get back from your excursions.	
Nov 5 2009 	reasonable rate good location	The building is close to the metro station, and IMO, the metro is the best way to get around Shanghai. Also, it is within reasonable walking distance to Renmin Square and Nanjing Road. I also noticed in this area that there are not watch salesmen every 50 meters trying to sell you a watch (Note, as I'm sure countless others have posted, a simple &quot;bu yao&quot; and they will leave you alone). Also, the apartment I had was spacious and clean.	
Nov 5 2009 	Location location location	We stayed 6 nights arriving early in the morning after a flight from Phnom Penh that left in the early hours. We had booked the previous night so we would be checked straight in when we arrived (using the maglev, then the metro to Peoples Park then a 2 minute taxi ride from the airport) and because we hadnt actually used the night they let us check out late at no extra cost. Our two bedroom apartment came with a living area and small kitchen, bottled water and a microwave. The kitchen cupboards were completely empty (plates, cuttlery etc can be hired) except for 2 water glasses (in the bathroom) and 2 mugs but there is a small supermarket across the road, a huge variety of street food, subway, macdonalds, coffee bean (stuff we dont have in PP)etc a few minutes walk away plus on the bottom floor of the Shanghai Times Square building (a couple of blocks away) a western supermarket. The location is brilliant (especially for the price). We walked nearly everywhere, museums, shops, Xin Tan Di, Old Street etc taking the metro across the river (the tunnel and the Bund are still under reconstruction). Our 'room' was cleaned daily and we got fresh towels (plus more when we rang). The hotel is undergoing construction (as is a lot of Shanghai at the moment) and the noise during the daytime was enough to drive us out by 9 but by the time we returned at 4 or 5 it was quiet again. We would definately stay here again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Help yourself...	I stayed at the NH twice during the last week and had a similar experience to Ausiemum. I was upgraded both times to a two bed suite with great views of the People's Square- 17th and 22 floors. Approx 300M to the new Dashijie metro and about 10 blocks to Nanjing Lu. You could not hear people in the rooms next door- in the rooms I had- but there was a little traffic noise from the streets below. I tried the room service once and it was average. The breakfast buffet was also average(60RMB). I found a cheap internet gaming lounge in Jinling Lu to offset the 5RMB/min that the hotel wanted to charge- it was 3RMB per hour but had no printing and lots of smokers like everywhere else in China. Even with it's short-comings, I would easily stay again at the price and am considering taking my family next time.	
Oct 31 2009 	good hotel could be great with customer service training for reception	This was a good hotel that could be great with a few modifications &amp; training for the reception staff on customer relations. On the positive side was the coin-operated laundry so we were able to do our own laundry. It cost 60 RMB to wash &amp; dry 2 loads (would stay again based on this laundry alone). The other positive was the fact that the metro is within 5 minute walk and a corner shop is just across the road. Our 2-bedroom apartment which we got for a great rate through Expedia was spacious and clean (advertised rate at the hotel counter is much higher). There is a kitchen but you will be charged extra for all utensils including kettle and coffee cups. On a negative note was witnessing the argument between reception staff and some guests who had had their belongings locked in their room following a charge dispute. On a strongly negative note, I asked a receptionist for assistance in booking the ERA circus show (understanding that they charge to make a booking unlike other hotels I stayed at in China). After unsuccessfully trying to convince me to book with their hotel affiliated acrobatic show instead she handed me on to the senior male staff member – may have been the manager (???) - who told me that ERA was not good and that they did not do acrobatics (not true – see trip advisor reviews!). When I still assured him that we still wanted to go to ERA he telephoned their booking service, then told me that they only had the most expensive seats left 590 RMB seats (approx $100 Aust a night) not the 290 RMB seats that I had just seen available via the hotels internet. When I queried this he assured me that the internet details were not accurate. Frustrated, I made my way via metro to the ERA circus ticket office where they had plenty of 290 RMB seats available (surprise, surprise!). This led to a basic lack of trust in the hotel staff (although the laundry ladies were lovely). Having seen the ERA show I would have been very disappointed to have missed it because of the hotels affiliation with another acrobatic show. So, if you are prepared to rely on yourself at this hotel and pay all the extra charges, you can have a great location, spacious, clean apartment, and access to affordable laundry.	
Oct 1 2009	Great locations large apartments well suited to English speakers	We stayed 6 nights at the New Harbour Apartments. The apartments are great value for money, large and have a great swimming pool if you are travelling with children. It is centrally located and there are many shops nearby. It is close to the old town area (sort of in it being on one edge) which if you are not used to traveling in Asia may cause some culture shock.We hired a guide for the pick up from the airport and six days of guiding. We used Jean from ourexplorer and are glad we did. ( Feel free to contact me if you wish any other info.)The major difficulty in shanghai is getting a taxi. Even with the address card from the hotel some taxis can't or will not be able to take you their. They either do not know the street or it is not worth their while from the location they are at. The cost of the guide was minimal to the cost of the holiday, added lots of value in sightseeing and eased all the problems of getting back to the hotel. As we were two families travelling we needed three taxis each time. Jean then showed us the metro as well which is a short two block walk from the hotel.Back to the hotel, we stayed in a two bedroom suite our friends stayed in a three bedroom. They were both clean and maintained each day. Having the kitchen and full sized refrigerator is a great bonus. Breakfasts were included each day and they were more than suitable. The hot items were similar but different on each morning.Everyone spoke English which was unexpected. The laundry service was great value and prompt.	
Sep 22 2009 	Much more than expected	Stayed at New Harbour apartments from 7th Sept- 14th Sept 09 with the teenage boys in a three bedroom apartment. Had booked this after heaps of research on this site. We were more than happy with the level of accomodation our boys had their own room which was great, plenty of room to spread out. Had read beds were not good but have to say that our beds were fine as were the pillows. The cultery was not an issue I just took a few plastic pieces with me which sufficed as well as coffee as they charge u for coffee in the room. Water cooler in kitchen which was great and microwave no kettle but no problem. Breakfast inculded for three of us but at 60rmb for the other was not a problem, breakfast was adequate for us westerners obviously not your 5star buffet but had all that we required ie yogurt,cereal,toast,eggs,fresh fruit,juices,coffee. Location is just minutes from Dashjie metro, 10 min walk to Peoples sq and bund although the construction on the bund makes it hard to access from puxi side. The area around the apartments is very local which we loved, we had no problem wandering around at night. Two streets from the snack street, small supermarket across road very cheap for snacks and soft drinks 2litre coke about 1.00aud, fresh milk etc. We were on 26th floor which was just great we had great views. Air conditioning in all rooms, as well as windows that opened which i loved. Laundry can be done on 3rd floor yourself detergent is supplied and at 30rmb for a 5kg wash and 30rmb to dry it saves alot of hassles especially travelling with kids. Internet is in rooms but did think it a tad expensive my 15yr old did go down to the business centre on 2nd floor and it was 20rmb for 30mins which is still pretty expensive. McDonalds just down around the corner right on metro if u are desperate for a junk hit. Overall i would recommend this hotel, we do plan to go back real soon, as we just loved Shanghai.	
Sep 21 2009 	excellent - nice surprise	We (3 friends) stayed in September 2009 and were very impressed. The 2 bedroom apartment was very clean and spacious enough for the 3 of us. The kitchenette was small, but then we ate out anyway. The pool and spas were fabulous as was the restaurant and the excellent buffet style breakfast. The apartments are well located and an easy taxi ride to Yuyuan Gardens and the surrounding market as well as the subway station. It is an easy 15 minute walk to the Bund. Unfortunately, the Bund is completely inaccessible as it is totally under construction for the World Expo 2010. But we walked until we came across the pedestrian crossing and went under the river to the Pudong area which has a great walking area along the river as well. Rather than go up to one of the observatories, we chose to go to the Cloud 9 Bar on the 88th floor at the Grand Hyatt in the evening and had the best views of the Bund etc and had a drink for the price of going to Jinmao Tower - a little tip for you. But all in all we would absolutely recommed the New Harbour Apartments and would most definitely stay there if we are ever in Shanghai again.	
Sep 19 2009 	Much more than I expected!!	My husband I stayed at the New Harbor Service Apartments from Sept. 9th- 15th. This was not our first trip to China. This hotel was one of the best ones we have stayed at. First, remember if you travel to a country that is vastly different from your culture and there are just some things you are going to have to get used to. The smells, sounds and the way the people react to you if you can’t speak their language. Chinese people are very friendly. If you just give a smile and are kind they will respond kindly back to you. Remember you are the foreigner now.  Everything we needed was available to us at the hotel. If you want a 1, 2 or 3 bedroom it is available with a good size refrigerator and gas stove top. If you want to cook you can rent the utensils from the hotel. Let them know when you check in. There are 2 sizes of the 1 bedroom. If you are going to stay a few days and only need a 1 bedroom get the larger of the 2 for no extra charge. It was very roomy. The front desk has English speakers, (not great, but they will try to help you as best they can) and if you think that standing there at the desk and making rude comments is appropriate, don’t. They may not be able to speak or completely understand everything you are saying, but they can understand a lot. So be kind!!! They aren’t stupid. Just use common words and speak slowly (try learning their language). We were able to exchange money very easily. Don’t bring travels checks, it is hard in some hotels to get them cashed and some times you have to go to a bank. This could take several hours (believe me, we have tried). Bring cash and keep it on a money belt on you at all the times. We needed airline tickets to travel to another city and they accommodated us with a smile and efficiency. I needed an iron and ironing board. I called the desk and asked if the person who answered spoke English, and she was able to help me. The only negative I could add is the internet costs about $10 USD per day. The time starts each day at noon and goes to noon the next day.  They have an in-house as well as a self service laundry on the 3rd floor. It was very convenient for us to wash 2 loads of clothes and dry 1 for less than $8USD.  Just outside the hotel is a small grocery store and you can get most things you need. McDonalds and KFC are also very close by (just a 5 minute walk). If you want to eat at the hotel, the restaurant is very good. The menus have English, so try some new foods. There are a number of Starbucks close as well if you need a regular coffee fix. If you are in the mood for some shopping, ask the front desk for directions to “The Nanjing Walking Street” a huge street with every kind of shop possible. It’s near People Square and you will love it. Hope you enjoy this hotel as much as we did. Very family friendly!	
Sep 9 2009 	Great for families	I stayed for a week with mypartner, my 2 year old and my 6 yr old, who learnt to swim in the pool. We had two bedrooms, they added a cot for free. The food is all right but the building is next to one of the most famous restaurant streets in Shanghai. The appartments are large with nice views. The location of the hotel is excellent, near people square, the old city, the old market, 10 mn from Nanjing Lu and 5 mn from the underground station, two stops from Pudong. It was a very good place to stay at with children, and near everything we needed. The staff was friendly if not completely fluent at english. They didn't know that the Bund promenade is closed to pedestrians until the EXpo 2010. Try the massage parlour on yongshou road, 1mn from the hotel, 30 yuan for a full body massage, you will not forget.	
Sep 3 2009 	Basic but good value	&quot;This hotel is really good. It has a really good view. Maybe not on the floor that you have. It is a big place. The rooms are big. It does have a pool. It is nice and chilly. The bedroom is big. The breakfast has delicious stuff. I liked the bacon and the toast. It's not far away from lots of stuff. It is from some stuff but not much. If you have kids, the pool liked I talked about would be really good fun.&quot; Scarlett (aged 5)We stayed for 3 nights in a two bedroom apartment and booked on expedia.com for AU$320 / 3 nights. One bedroom had two big singles, the other a small double. We decided to push the singles together, and then made up a bed with the couch cushions for one of our two children. The apartment is large and clean - decor is basic, but fine. It was good to have some space after being used to all cramming into one hotel room. The staff are not particularly friendly. Breakfast is okay - with many asian choices, eggs to order, a small selection of fruits and cereals, and toast. We didn't use the kitchen, as eating is so cheap. The hotel delivers a complimentary 3 gallon bottle of fresh water, which we appreciated. They also have a self-service laundry, and we did a huge wash and dry for only 45yuan - another great service on offer. We found this task had been very difficult in Beijing - so it was great to have clean clothes. They are doing some renovation work at the moment, which disturbed us a little during the night. There was no mention of this at booking or check-in. We liked that the hotel is on a very typical Shanghai street - with all the aromas and colour of real life. We walked to major shopping areas, despite the intense heat, and it was nice to return home to a well air-conditioned place, and the pool as well. My husband had his hair cut at a place opposite the hotel for 10 yuan (AU$1.80). We used their 24 hours of internet in the room, but on check out were billed for two days - because the 24 hours covered noon- noon. This was very annoying as it was not explained at all when we organized it, and we were very careful not to use beyond the 24 hour period. I would recommend this hotel if you want to save money, yet have a spacious comfortable, and quite well-located spot with a family.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Value and Great Location!	This was a perfect place for four of us. We booked a two-bedroom Apt throght Hotel.com for $110/night. My husband and I had a room with a Queen size bed, our teenage boys shared a room with two single beds. The Apt. also has a huge living room, and a small kichen with a fridge and wate bottle. We were not gong to cook, but the fridge was a nice option. We love the do-if-yourself laudry service at the 2nd floor. After staying for 6 days, I did 4 or 5 loads of laudry for a very reasonable fee. My boys enjoyed the indoor swimming pool and the ping-pong table. The only complain I have is the internet charges. The location can't be better. It is close to the Bund and within walking distance to Nanjing and HuanHai Road. The subway is also nearby. There are Shangai styled residential area nearby. You can see the real Shangainese living there, some of them making and selling food. A lot of old buildings have been torned down to build high rises. I do hope they will keep these ones. This makes Shangai fasinating, unique and interesting with its own flavor. I would absolutely recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Shanghai.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great location - shame about the staff and the 'extras'	We stayed here for 3 nights last week, having booked a 3-bedroom apartment through Expedia. On arrival, staff insisted we had only reserved 2 rooms and only grudgingly gave us the apartment we had booked. I wanted to visit Tong Li for which they quoted me an hourly rate for a driver (taxi) - the taxi driver was very happy to switch on the meter and to be paid for it; however the hotel receptionist who had arranged it complained that I had not paid for the hours they had estimated. Because I had returned earlier than they expected, the cost had been less (and presumably their cut was less). Also, on checkout, they insisted I had taken some drinks from the fridge - they were not too bothered what these might be as long as I paid them for 2 bottles!The rooms were spacious (apart from the bathrooms) and clean. However, there is some rennovation work currently going on - this week, they were working on the water pipes/supply which meant no hot water followed by all water being a rather murky brown colour for a while. There is a kitchen but no utensils, etc - they are available but at a cost.We found that it was repeatedly difficult to flag a taxi from the hotel (I would assume that in rush hour or rain, things would be much worse). However, it is only a 10-15 minute walk to Peoples Square and the subway. The hotel could not provide a local map and charged 15 RMB for a tourist map that proved to be useless - the ones in most guide books would suffice. Wired internet access is available for 30RMB for an hour or 70RMB for a 'day'.There are numerous grocery stores/supermarkets nearby where you can buy drinks, food, fruit and other 'basics' but based on our experience of other locations within China, you'd be better off staying somewhere where the staff are more pleasant.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great location - smack in the restaurant area!	The room was adequate, but not as lavish as the branded chain hotels. Kitchen with boiling/cold water, fridge, micro and stove, but no utensils at all (apart from cups and glasses).Breakfast buffet was adequate, but again not as lavish as the branded chain hotels.Location is very convenient, lots of dinner options around the block: specatacular al fresco seafood places, and several halal offerings if you're a muslim. Many convenience stores too, stock up on soft drinks. Huai Hai road with the big malls is within walking distance, as well as the nearest metro station. Nanjing Road, People's Park and the Bund (although under construction a the moment) is a short taxi ride away.Business center was overpriced, charging 5RMB per page for b/w print-outs.	
Aug 19 2009 	Fantastic Option for Shanghai Vacation Especially Families	We just returned from a 1-week stay in Shanghai at the New Harbour and really enjoyed what the service apartment offered us. Outside of the fact that you get a real apartment living setup, the location was fantastic. We enjoy taking in local life and food, so this is a departure from the swankier hotels along Nanjing West Road where I would stay for business (which frankly is so much less interesting because you are surrounded mainly by brand new malls selling the usual stuff you see in Hong Kong, Singapore, New York, etc.)The immediate vicinity of the apartment is a local residential area with lots of very interesting local dining options that caters not to tourists but middle class Shanghai residents. Within a few streets' radius are rows of restaurants of all types, convenience stores, banks, cafes, etc. But the whole area is still nevertheless amidst the bustle of Shanghai city itself. So if weather and legs permit, interesting walks are to be had if one is willing to walk towards Yu Yuan (you'll see local markets, streetlife, etc.) or Nanjing Street (via People's Square) or the Bund. And cabs are easily available everywhere, plus the metro is just around the corner.Our apartment was basic and clean. Although it isn't the Ritz It is definitely much nicer than mid-level national chain hotels in the US like Courtyard by Marriott, Best Western, Holiday Inn, etc. Some of the earlier reviews cited hard beds and carpets... but we didn't get any of those - our beds were regular and most of the floor was new faux wood. There was some renovation going on during our stay but this was confined to the daytime so we weren't bothered by any of it when we were in the apartment mainly in the late afternoon thru early morning.One initial concern I had when we pulled into the driveway was getting cabs because the hotel entrance is not on a main road. This worry was unfounded as the concierge can get one very quickly for you. And most of the time we could easily hail cabs even on the side streets just outside the entrances, otherwise the main street is only less than 20 meters from the hotel entrance where taxis are aplenty. Internet is not free but capped at 70 yuan per day for unlimited usage. And as others have already pointed out you have to rent the basic utensils for the stay (which totalled only around 20 yuan for the whole week for us). Coin-operated laundry can be done yourself onsite but you can also do dropoff with the ladies manning the machine wash area which came out to about US$15 in total for our family to do twice. Overall, these little additionals come on top of a very reasonable room rate... our entire bill for our weekly stay - including an overpriced airport pickup (we had lots of luggage and two young kids), almost daily internet usage, dropoff laundry (twice), utensil rental, 2-bedroom unit, taxes - came up to about US$100 per day which is fantastic value imho. But the best is the fact that it's in a great location for the type of holiday we like - easy access to good food, interesting neighborhood, reasonable proximity to sights, etc.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great hotel that scores high on all fronts	As other reviewers have noted, this hotel has a great location. It's close to many major sightseeing sights, stores and restaurants, yet it's in a residential neighborhood that's very quiet. It's also within 5 minute walk of a Metro station. The layout of the apartment rooms is very conducive to a family traveling together. It's very clean. The kitchen, comes handy when you want to heat up something in the microwave or keep something chilled in the refrigerator. The water cooler is a great amenity. The staff are very helpful. Also enjoyed the pool and the gym. The hotel seems to attract a diverse group of international travelers. Compared to many other hotels in town, it offers great value. We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great value for money on a top location in Puxi	We were 4 persons 50+ couple and 50+ with daughter and had rented 3 bedroom appartment (room 2207) for two times 2 day's in one week time. Appartment has two kingsize-bed rooms, and one single-bedroom. Each bedroom including spacious livingroom had separate airco-unit. To our surprise there was also two toilet/bathroom units; so no long queing after sweaty day out in the city. The breakfast for 3 persons was included and OK; one breakfast paid on site (60 RMB). Actually we choose this appartment looking for &quot;budget hotel including swimpool&quot;, but also without the swimpool (we were to busy in city not using it) this is great value for money on a top location in puxi. Walking distance to peoples square and babyface discotheke. accross the street and around the corner there are supermarket and fruit-stores where you can buy drinks, fruit and other stuff for your daily needs. Bee aware if you want to cook in the kitchen of the appartment you have to bring your own cooking hardware, but who cares cooking yourself with the average diner-price in local restaurants around the corner. Once you know the place you can blindly walk (and sometime's guid taxi-drivers) to the appartmentbuilding, but be aware this location is hard to find for taxi-driver only by showing them address in english (be prepared for having sort of map for showing location of appartment). I would certainly reccomend this appartment to friends and others.	
Jul 26 2009 	Best possible location for families	I was really glad to have found this hotel. Finding somewhere where four people could stay in the same apartment was hard in Shanghai, and the layout of the rooms was absolutely ideal. The staff were (mostly) helpful, and it was very comfortable. I disagree with the travelers that say the beds were too hard. I thought they were just fine. My kids had a lot of fun in the pool, when they'd gotten tired of the bustle of life outside. My only criticism was the cleanliness - it was okay... but you don't want to look to closely in the corners of the bathroom or behind the taps. But hey - every immune system needs a bit of training, and it wasn't that bad, and you don't have to eat off those surfaces. All in all very recommendable.	
Jul 21 2009 	great for families	We are a family of 4 that stayed for 4 nights at this apartment. We rented a 3 bedroom . Nice and comfortable , not luxurious apartment. staff was attentive. Anything that we needed was just one call away and it would arrive in no time at all. location wise, this apartment is situated in an older residential area of Shanghai. If u want to experience regular living of Shanghai, this could be the place for u. Do not let the surroundings fool you. subways are 5 minutes walk away or the hotel could always hail a taxi for u within minutes. there are plenty of good restaurants that have been around for years around the corner along Yunnan Street. Xiaoshaoxing restaurant famous for its chicken are just a block away. Teckshing restaurant- great for old Shanghai delicacies of wontons, xiaolongbao, shenjianbao, noodles and etc are across the street. There a lot of restaurant choices in its viccinity. Shopping is nearby as well about 10 minutes walk to xizhang nanlu. The Bund is 20 minutes walk away even though i would avoid the bund until Shanghai Expo. you see, the bund is being heavily renovated at the moment in preparation for next year world's expo in Shanghai. most of the roads are sealed off. makes sight seeing very dusty and incovenenint. crossing the street is a hassle at the bund nowadays not to mention that you are literally eating dust when the traffic flew by u. Anyway, i would recommend this hotel to families only.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great value.	We are an extended family of 5, ages 18-58. We stayed here 6 nights and were very pleased. This is a great value in the Puxi district of Shanghai. It's a short walk to the Dashijie subway Station. We had a 3-bedroom apartment with 2 bathrooms. One bedroom had a king bed, one had a double bed and the 3rd had a twin bed. This is not luxurious but is very clean and spacious. The employees are friendly and helpful. If the person helping us could not speak English, he/she got someone else. There is a small grocery store across the street which was great for buying bottled water and snacks. Three breakfast passes were part of the deal but we bought two others for each morning. We enjoyed the breakfast and thought it was very handy. Breakfast is a buffet with both western and Chinese breakfast items. As to other meals at the restaurant, I would not bother. We had a dinner here that was very mediocre. There are many restaurants in the surrounding neighborhood. There is a business center in the hotel that has an Internet computer which costs 20 yuan for 1/2 hour. There is also an internet cafe a couple of blocks away but we didn't try it. Be sure to get some business cards at the front desk with the name printed in Chinese so that your taxi can get you back. This location is close to the People's Square. As a group, we enjoyed having the living room rather than just the typical hotel rooms.	
Jun 3 2009 	Solid hotel especially for families	I live in Nanjing and get into Shanghai often for business and sometimes with family. I originally found this when looking for a hotel that could fit a family of four which is hard in China. The apartments with multiple bedrooms are great. Children and parents can get some good rest. Since then I have been using it for business travel. It's a solid value in a great location other then being hard to find. Highly recommend it for business and family travel. If you log onto their site you can get a member's discount too and an easy way to track reservations.	
May 29 2009 	great location good service clean and a real find	we were two adults and an 11 year old boy and this hotel / serviced apartments were great. They had the usual &quot;no utensils / no cooking stuff&quot; in apartments but the space and the layout of the apartments were good.service: on a number of occassions the staff really excelled and helped us in not just booking rail tickets but in returning lost tickets, getting refunds, holding travel bags, phoning us when deliveries were made etc. the place is in the 'thick of it' but remains quite quiet so you can get a good nights sleep and retreat. I chose this place because i noticed an absence of bad reviews - now i know why.	
May 10 2009 	Perferct accomodotion for relaxed sightseeing	We wanted to stay 1 week in Shanghai and were looking for good accomodation on a good location (near Bund/Nanjing Road or close to subway). And we found it all in New Harbour Service Appartments, also because of the good comments on this site. We had an appartment on the 15th floor with nice views on Renmin square and the streets of the neighbourhood. The rooms were spacious and very convenient. The kitchen indeed hasn't got any utensils, but you can rent them or you can buy them at the store across the street. There were also 2 TV's, one in the living room and one in the bedroom. The bathroom was a little bit old, but worked perferctly and was clean.We didn't include breakfast in our booking, but there are several good bakeries in the surrounding area, so you can have fresh croissants for breakfast if you want!It takes you about 15min to walk towards the Bund, although a taxi is very cheap 11 RMB. In 5-10 min you are at Nanjing Road and or Renminsquare. Also French Concession is on walking distance and for further destinations you walk to the metro. Also very cheap to get around!Internet (if you don't bring your own laptop etc) on the 2nd floor is very expensive (20 RMB per 30 min) and it is also slow. You can find a good internet cafe at the corner with 2 RMB per hour (don't forget to bring your passport for registration).After our week long stay in Shanghai we travelled to other spots but returned to this hotel for our last night. We booked a smaller room, there was no kitchen and the living room was significant smaller. But for a last day it was perfect.	
Dec 15 2008 	Very Spacious	The hotel was very clean and spacious. We had a suite all to ourselves and the price was great. 2 bedrooms, kitchen, large living room and washrooms. The caf was not the best but then again it was more of a hotel to relax at while we saw the sights inn Shanghai. A great place to come back home to rest. The general area is a bit crummy but most of Shanghai is like that to be honest. Hotel staff were very helpful with hailing cabs and giving them instructions on where we wanted to get to.	
Nov 7 2008 	About eight minutes walk from People's Square (Renmin Square)	With Shanghai booming, accommodation can be expensive in this city; the New Harbour Serviced Apartments offer a sensible alternative. I had been just a little concerned by previous comments about the surrounding area and what looked like confirmation of that from traveller's photographs. However, it just goes to show that appearances can be deceptive! From check-in through waiting staff, cleaners and concierges, all employees are friendly and approachable. The standard of English from the waiting staff was particularly good. On the downside, it must be more than one mile to The Bund - but what a disappoinment that venue was! The Pearl TV Tower across the river - and many other buildings - were wreathed in industrial smog!	
Nov 1 2008 	Family Friendly New Harbour	We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite at the New Harbour for one month with our 4 year old son. The rooms were spotlessly clean - don't let the people who say don't tip in China fool you - I gave about 20RMB (USD 2.50)each week and always had my dishes washed (there's a full kitchen) clean towels, irons etc. There is a full laundry room onsite, you can do it yourself or the hotel will do it very cheaply. There is a clean good sized pool and they let the kids play with frowning at them.The staff was kind and attentive. Room service food was average but inexpensive and when you are dealing with time change it is a big bonus.The neighborhood is awesome. Everything is within an easy walk, Yuyuan Gardens, People's Park, Starbucks and a grocery nearby with every item you loved from home - we got Golden Grahams, Aunt Jemima, organic fruits &amp; veggies- you name it (in Times Square) as well as a market with live frogs, chickens and snakes. As far as old neighorhood and falling down housing, it's China not NY, there is a huge mix of older housing and brand new skyscrapers. Street vendors and upscale restaurants both flourish. It's eclectic not scary. The people are kind and wonderful and interested in you. Go before the whole city is torn down and redeveloped.	
Nov 1 2008 	Good Value and Location	Spent 4 nights here in October. We had a 3 Bedroom Superior room and we found the accomodation far better then what has been written by a number of people here.OK Just to set some basic facts1) Yes the beds are hard (REALLY HARD)2) There are no cooking utensils, or cutlery however these can be rented or you can simply go to the corner shop and by these cheaply.3) Yes its in an older part of the town however its no different to most Asian cities, the best locations are in the older areasWe enjoyed our stay, its certainly an easy walk to the Bund or Nanjing RD as well as the Metro.DId we have issue wth Breakfast - NO. For the value I would stay at again.	
Oct 25 2008	good value	visited here for three days and were a bit worried because some of the reviews were not great. However we booked a two bedroom room for two nights and were really pleased with the room. It was clean and quite roomy.The bathroom was a little bit tiered but clean. Please note it has a kitchen but there are no utensils in it at all. There is a microwave.The room had quite good views and we could even see buildings across the bund. The hotel is situated amongst where people live and work which is really a nice way of seeing real china. The hotel serves a pretty good breakfast but note there was four of us but the price of the room only included two breakfasts per day. It cost us about a fiver to buy more which wasn't bad value.The hotel is fairly near everything but walking can be a feat as the roads are so difficult to cross. We took cabs everywhere as they are really cheap.A tip is to make sure you book transport from the hotel to collect you from the airport.For one there will know where to take you even when its written in chinese the taxi drivers struggle and for two their luggage compartments are really small.All in all we found this hotel good value for money it cost us about £140.00 for our stay for four of us.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great Location and Space	Great location, central to all the major tourist sites (French Concession, Pudong, The Bund and Old Town). Low level of english at Reception and not very helpful.Bathroom plumbing leaked in our room when we had a bath/shower. Swimming pool also a bit green. Gym facilities were above average. Good internet connection in rooms.Apartments are in the middle of a small local community which added a lot of character but may not be everyone's cup of tea.Much better alternative than a smaller hotel room in a better hotel.Difference between Superior and Deluxe minimal. Room sizes/layouts are exactly the same. Our Deluxe apartment had computer room instead of second bed room.Kitchen's are small and no cooking utensils are supplied (these can be rented). Deluxe apartment bed we had was a queen. Superior room our friends had was a king. All beds are very very hard (Common in China).Small bottled water cooler is in every room but water cooler function was faulty in 2 rooms we had.Used laundry every second day and was efficient and reasonably priced. Air Con worked well in all rooms.We would definetely stay there again. Great value for money and loads of space.	
Sep 19 2008 	YMMV but we really liked it	We booked the NHSA for 5 nights in late August, based on reviews here and some other research. We generally like to have some extra space if we stay more than a couple of nights so a one bedroom deluxe suited our needs perfectly at a value price and good city location. We booked directly with the hotel website and included a transfer from PVG, which was a relaxed way to arrive after a long flight.The building is a modern block, approx 28 floors I think, on the fringes of a lower level locale close to the old city. Expect to see local street life close by, with several restaurants and small shops. Don’t expect English to be understood in these or Michelin stars, but they are busy which is always a good sign. There are a few convenience stores close by too, as well as a basic supermarket opposite the Eastern entrance of the hotel if you want to get snacks, beer etc. We found the area to be totally safe at any time of the day or night, and felt totally at ease.We found it ideal for access to the metro (line 8, only 5 minutes walk and one stop from Peoples Square where it intersects with lines 1 and 2). To walk to Peoples Square is about 10 minutes, but could take longer, having to cross a couple of busy streets. Taxis are very cheap and plentiful. If you like to explore and walk a bit, the location is great, with Nanjing Lu just north of Peoples Square if that’s your thing. The French Concession, the Bund, Old City and Xintiandi are all in easy walking distance. We used the metro or taxis for trips farther away.We requested and got a high floor, mainly for the possibility of urban views and away from ground level noises (this is a city with more than 18 million people after all). Two guest elevators worked well and we never had to wait long even after the breakfast rush.The apartment was very clean and fully functional, but the bathroom was a little small and maybe needs updating a bit. The bedroom was compact with limited wardrobe space but a nice bed with a firm mattress.The small kitchen was sparsely equipped with utensils, which you can rent if you need them. But it had everything we needed, a fridge and water dispenser. There is also a microwave, cooker hob and washing area. The water dispenser has a hot tap, which gives instant hot water for tea/coffee, as well as a room temperature tap for drinking! No chilled available, but we filled bottles and left them in the fridge for refreshing drinks.We found the staff helpful and efficient, but businesslike mostly at reception and friendlier in the restaurant. Breakfast buffet, a mixture of local and international choices both hot and cold, was good enough for us but don’t expect the Shangri La for 60RMB.I would recommend this property to visitors who are capable and not too dependent. We really liked the whole package, but people are different and it is your choice.	
Aug 15 2008 	Helpful staff average room and location	Booked this primarily because we wanted a little bit extra room for family of four. Booked the room through the hotel website and ended up with a 2 bedroom apartment. Overall, the room was very spacious with lots of room for my wife, 2 kids (ages 4&amp;6) and me. Queen beds in each bedroom were fine. Overall, our particular apartment had some ware an tear, nothing huge just some nicks here and there.To echo an earlier review the water was pretty nasty. Started a bath for the kids and as the water filed the tub it kept getting more yellow. Don't know if this a problem with the hotel or Shanghai in general.The location is a little distance from central Shanghai. It took us about 15 minutes to get to the people's square area. Cheap Taxi ride to the Bund. The immediate area is more residential/local. We were fine with this, as we always enjoy seeing a city outside of the main tourist areas. However, I can see how those less adventurous might be a little bit nervous at night, as once you leave the hotel there are not a lot English friendly places. Having said that I went out late at night to get money from the ATM and made a trip to a local store without any problems. We ate at the breakfast buffet each morning. Adequate but nothing fancy. Used the indoor pool one day, water was a bit warm and smelled of sanitizer. In the locker room there is also a sauna and a jacuzzi. Unlike some of the other reviewers, I had no problems with the service. Our Mandarin skills are pretty minimal so we were reliant on the English skills of the front desk staff. Never had a problem! They helped us get to all the areas we needed to get to and helped us book a train to Beijing.	
Jul 28 2008 	Bad location .. not for first timers	I stayed there for 5 days this month based on the reviews here.. but I was quite shocked and disappointed when I reached there. The building is quite good but the adjoining area is like a slump .. quite dirty and smelly... no way u should live in such a neighborhood for ur holidays... rooms were just ok.. with stains on the carpet.. and the bathroom were bad.. and i mean it.. with black stains on the floor and bath tub.. since there is no concierge .. first timer to shanghai would find difficult there... the reception people told me that there is no pizza hut or KFC or Mcdonalds nearby .. and after three days I found out that it was just 200 meters away... I reckon that there are different chinese names for all places and thus people not fluent in english cant guide u anywhere. The bulding is around 1 km away from the main shopping area or Nanjian Road and around 1.5 km from Xian Tin Di .. if u r in shanghai.. its a must go.... Overall the service was quite good .. and staff was courteous... first timers.. please stay away .. its not something which u would like	
Jun 24 2008 	Nice Location fair experience	We spent 4 days in the New Harbour Service Apartments. We were a party of 9, including 2 older couples and my family that consists of 5, my wife and mself and 3 kids of 6, 4 and 1. We booked 2 rooms. One with 3 bedrooms and the other one with 1 bedroom for one of the older couples.The lobby is ok and the personnel spoke enough english for us to be confortable. The fare that we paid included a breakfast that it is highly recommended. They have eastern/western dishes, very good fruit, good coffe and good bread. Even if your fare did not include it it would be nice to take it.The room was clean and the furniture was in good shape except for the kitchen that was really small and did not have any kind of accessories. It included a stove, a mini microwave oven and drinking water. Air conditioner worked fined and they have minisplits on each room, so you can adjust temparature in your own area without making it unconfortable for everyone else.We requested a crib for our baby and they send it quickly and without any extra charge.The &quot;hotel&quot; is located 3 or 4 blocks away from the &quot;peoples square which is very convinient. It is very easy to take a taxi and there are many convinient store at walking distance.There are also banks nearby because we needed to change usd, the only disadvantage is that it took too long for the banks to change the money.It has a pool that is well mainteined and that was a great idea for the kids, we went down every day and probably was one of the best part of the trip for them. Even when the apartments had a good ocupancy the pools was almost with noone.In my opinion it was a very good option for someone traveling with full family, you could say that it is a Chinese owned property but that attracts customers from many different countries.There were no hidden or extra costs and the checkout was easy and fast.Good option!!!	
Jun 22 2008 	Nice suites great location good value dodgy service	I first stayed here in 2003 when Shanghai was completely different. This month I was looking for somewhere to stay for 30 days so thought I would give it a go again, as my previous stay here had been quite good.I contacted the hotel directly and booked a one bedroom suite for 13,000 RMB for 30 days. That in itself is good value. The reception was efficient though not incredibly friendly. They gave me one of the newer suites on the 26th floor for which I was grateful and could see all the big buildings around People's Square from my window.The rooms are well furnished. The living room had very comfy brand new soft sofas, albeit of the Chinese size (i.e. a little small), and the dining area of the living room was of good size and the design well thought out. TV is something a little old and there is no DVD player. The lighting is just right. There is an air conditioning unit on the wall with individual controls which works very well indeed. Overall the living area is of a good to large size for a one bedroom suite.The bedroom was very nice with a fantastic king size bed with a foot thick matress which was just right for me. Not too soft, not too hard. They have clearly taken on comments about their previous hard beds, or maybe they exist only on the non-refurbished floors. The room has a large fitted wardrobe unit with more than enough space to put all your belongings. There is a separate air conditioning unit in the bedroom that works fine. There is an oddly located switch on the right side wall of the bedroom entrance. Common sense told me it was the light switch for the bedroom but it was the emergency panic button - so don't press it by mistake.Kitchen is small and basic and does not seem as new as the living room and bedroom. However it is perfectly functional with water dispenser/heater, cooker, microwave and large fridge freezer. Cutlery that was included were bowls, plates, knives, forks, chopsticks and errrm, a really really sharp meat cleaver. On request they also lent me a brand new iron and board.The bathroom again does not feel as new and refurbished as the living room and bedroom though is functional and of decent size. The sink unit is fine as is the large mirror though the lighting above it is extremely bright. They supply comb, tumblers and soap (in wall fixed dispensers). The bath is a little old and shallow and the plug opening mechanism did not work which meant after a bath I needed to get a knife and prise out the steel plug to drain the water, but that was a minor issue. Shower is above the bath and mixer, and of adequate pressure. Again, shampoo and soap are dispensed from the wall units. The toilet is fine but watch out for the dangerously located metal door stub which is placed right in front of the toilet, on which I hit my toe very hard. Kind of walked into it as I stepped to the toilet after closing the door. Overall, bathroom is functional thouh tiling and flooring is a little old.The broadband is good and reliable. Though please note this...since connecting to the hotel's network, my firewall blocked over four hundred intrusions over 30 days while my laptop was connected. If you want to plug in your laptop, absolutely make sure it is properly protected.The door and cleaning staff are very friendly indeed and very helpful. Same cannot really be said of the reception staff who, due to poor english, really could not deal with any issue other han check-in and check-out. Anything else baffled them including: ordering room service, requesting an iron, requesting a temporary residence form. On the latter, I simply had a nightmare as the little 20 year old guy on reception had no idea, and in the end said &quot;sorry I cannot help&quot; and disappeared leaving me standing at reception. Took my employer to shout at them in Chinese to finally sort it out (48 hours later).The room service food is extremely poor and expensive. I would not touch it again. The breakfast is okay but for 60 yuan you could get a better one elsewhere.In terms of location, it is only about 10 minute walk from People's Square which is perfect. The location can be called &quot;prime&quot; because it is so central.Be warned though, the &quot;Japanese Bar&quot; on the ground floor seems to be staffed with ladies, of let's say, questionable motive. I remember it was the same five years ago when I last stayed here. Idid go to the bar on the 2nd floor, and I could not see any staff and the bar was empty and looked quite depressing. Then found the barman sleeping underneath the bar. I walked up and he was still asleep so I left.Overall, an extremely well located, good value and comfortable hotel. If you want somewhere central to stay as a base, this is perfect. If youhave issues then best not to get reception to sort it out - try and get a friend to do it. Also, don't bother with the food here.	
May 1 2008 	Best Value for the money! Keep coming back!	Stayed in 2007-and came back. Great for families or traveling with friends. It is like a very simple,basic Holiday Inn in the US. Beds are hard-but that is typical in CHina-(just ask for another duvet and sleep on it for x-tra cushioning) This is not the Westin w/the&quot;heavenly beds&quot;!) Super location right in the midst of the local life,close walk to centralized People's square and other big hotels. (Pick up hotel card for taxi driver'sto find hotel-some cannot find-but cross streets are big and busy) Free brkfst has improved since the last time I stayed-there is more variety each day! Internet cheap,pool and fitness room very clean.Some rooms are newly renovated,and some are a little tired-but still decent. No kitchen utensils-buy across the street-big fridge to hold snacks and wine/beer cold-filtered H2Odispenser in kitchen. Individual A/C units in each room-maid will turn off during day. Front desk work very hard to help.(For those other reviews-typically the culture is very formal-&quot;smiling&quot;all the time-is not part of the Chinese service industry-efficiency and working hard is!) Careful about $ exchange at desk-often run out of money-need to come back later in theday-if one has more than1K-change at airport with a small commission fee.(Chinese banks-have long lines!)Map at desk is terrible-just walk into the big hotels in People's Square Radisson/LeMeridien/Ramada and pick up a better map at the concierge desk. (Blind Massage place around the corner(Green sign)-no frills place/dive-but for $6 for 45 minutes/fullbody/with clothes on-awesome!! Also, foot massage)Koreans,Japanese,Europeans,S.Americans stay here-Americans stick w/their familiar US hotel chains.This is an awesome deal-3people/3bedroom-$150 with breakfast-save your money for shopping! (You're not in the room all day!One is jetlagged anyway-so can get up and use the living room if sleeping is a challenge,without waking up others.	
Apr 18 2008	Excellent Hotel	We have just returned from a 5 night stay in Shanghai. We booked the New Harbour Apartments based on the reviews and have no regrets. It was in a great location.It was a real experience being located among the locals but only a stone throw away from touristy things like the Shanghai Museum, Peoples Square. The hotel staff were v,friendly contrary to what i read on previous reviews. We stayed in a 3 bedroom superior room which was perfect and spacious, clean. We had no intention of cooking so there was no need to hire out equipment. The breakfast was westernised. We chose to walk to People square each day to get to the metro as its a 15min walk and you get a feel for how local life is. Crossing the roads were a nightmare, even if the green man is showing you are constantly dodging the cars...but bear in mind there are loads of people crossing. We had dinner in Epicure 45 which was v.nice approx £200.00 for 4 people but then on another night went to a chinese restaurant called 1221, which was recommended for £50.00 for 4 people and packed full of expats and airline staff. We all ate at this bavarian restaurant called Paulen, which was also v.nice but bear in mind all restaurants can be smoky so hope you get a table where nobody is not smoking heaps. We went across to the Pudong a couple times and went to JianMao for breath taking views and also the Oriental Pearl Tower. We had coffee in the Jian mao and were able to look up to the 87th Floor from the Hyatt Hotel Lounge.On one night we went to the Shanghai Acrobats Performance which is located in the posh side of Shanghai next to the Ritz Carlton Portman. This was a great night out , we had 200RMB seats - 4 rows from the front, it was similar to Cirque du Soleil at a fraction of the cost. Shanghai is a must see.	
Apr 11 2008 	A Must Stay	So glad we stayed here. We were traveling as family with 2 teenage daughters &amp; booked a 3 bedroom apartment thru expedia. What great value &amp; location. Was a bit nervous after reading other reviews about staff attitude &amp; unhelpfulness but was pleasantly supprised. The bell boy greeted us on arrival &amp; helped with baggage, reception staff were pleasant and helped us throughout our stay with train bookings &amp; recommendations. And thankyou to the laundry girls on the 4Th floor. They let me use their machines for a tiny fee ( with 2 teenage girls i had lots of washing!!! ) The apartment was large &amp; clean with fantastic views - the water cooler was a big plus instead of the bottles of water you usually get. (We stayed on a high up floor so can't comment on other rooms). The breakfast in the restaurant was the usual and a bit crowded but the staff tried really hard and it was good value. The location was the best. You could walk everywhere if you wanted too ( although taxis are cheap). we walked to Nanjing Rd,The Bund, Yu Gardens &amp; Bazaar. The area around the hotel is really bustling and full of restaurants - go for a walk at night as it is fantastic. There is a supermarket across from the hotel but we prefered the little corner shop in the opposite direction.I have to mention the beds - Rock hard but my back said Yes Thankyou!!! I havn't been back to my Physio since I arrived back to Australia.Very happy too that Shanghai was out first stop instead of Beijing. My husband has been to China 3 times before &amp; he said we would shop more in Beijing. He was'nt wrong as we ended up buying 2 extra suitcases in Beijing.	
Apr 10 2008 	hidden gem	I highly recommend this service apartment. My family of four stayed in a 3 bedroom, 2 bath apartment, which included a daily breakfast buffet for 3 (additional breakfasts around $9) for under $170 per night. At the front desk, there was always someone who spoke english. We were on the 19th floor - not much of a view, but the higher your floor, the softer the sounds of cars honking. The kitchen was small, but all we really needed was the microwave and refrigerator. No utensils or dishes. Dining room and living room to relax in. Tvs in both living room and master bedroom. Beds were firm, soft sheets, lots of pillows. Air conditioning units in each room. Bathrooms were clean and the water pressure was strong.It's located in a neighborhood near Renmin park a few blocks from the metro stop. I think there was only 1 taxi driver who knew where it was located, so be sure to carry their business card!!! We usually had them take us to the corner of Jin Ling and Yong Shou Roads and walked the 1/2 block. There's an internet cafe 1/2 a block away that charges 3 yuan/hour. Fresh dumplings are sold maybe 2 blocks away. Lots of seafood restaurants a block away. Very convinient!	
Dec 31 2007 	Decent	We chose this place because we were travelling as a family with 2 teenagers, needed space at a reasonable price. New Harbor Service Apartments served our purpose. It's quite centrally located, within walking distance to shops and restaurants. The apartment we got was pretty spacious, otherwise it's simple and basic...good enough especially because we only used it to rest after long days of sightseeing.	
Dec 29 2007 	Central Location Great Value	Stayed there for 4 nights in October. The hotel is near both People's Square / Nanjing Rd area and also walking distance to Xintiandi so it is convenient. Bund is a three min cab ride away. However, many cab drivers can't find it because it is in a side street that none of them know about. Best to have a map handy to show the cab driver.Place is clean. However, I had booked a nonsmoking room and got one that reeked of cigarettes. Nothing the nice housekeeper did could get rid of the smell. Sigh. That is the problem of traveling through China. Breakfast buffet is adequate for its purpose. Although seating is somewhat limited. Be prepared to share table with stranger if you are traveling alone.Price is reasonable. I would stay there again.	
Dec 24 2007	clean and very spacious	Enjoyed a 5 night stay in a 3 bedroom deluxe apartment (25th floor) with my family. Very spacious apartment, 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, with combined lounge/dining area, and great views towards the Bund (during the few times when the smog cleared!). Very sparsely decorated though, no pictures on the wall or cushions on the sofa (which is what is shown on the website).I knew that the kitchen is not equipped (from previous reviews), but they don't even include a spoon to stir your tea/coffee which was a bit ridiculous! The green tea bags were free but you had to pay for little packets of coffee, so we went out and bought our own from the supermarket (lots nearby).The breakfast was passable but in my opinion not worth 60RMB. We had 3 coupons per day for the breakfast, so after the 1st day one of us passed on the buffet breakfast and just ate a local breakfast from one of the nearby eating places.Location was fantastic - we could walk to heaps of places including Yuyuan Bazaar, the Bund, Nanjing Rd, People's Park (the Shanghai Museum is well worth a look), Times Square, Xintiandi. Lots of cheap places to eat nearby, in and around Yunnan Street.Having a gym and indoor pool in the complex was an added bonus.Would recommend the apartments if staying for more than a few nights in Shanghai, as the extra space is fantastic.	
Dec 4 2007	But I keep going back to it!	You need to verify your information regarding the bed and size configurations when you reserve your room. The largest bed is 180 cm, followed by 150 and 130. This corresponds approximately to Queen, double and super single size. There are no King size beds. And by the way the beds are as hard as bricks, very uncomfortable but normal for China.We always bring our own camping pads to make them sleepable. My kids don't seem to care, but I do.The Superior two bedroom has a Queen and a double and is less expensive because the &quot;decorations are old&quot; meaning the furniture is older (but not disgusting) and often stinks like smoke. If you request nonsmoking rooms, they will air out the room before your arrival if possible. The Deluxe two bedrooms are above the 14th floor and and more expensive. The view and the relative quietness off the higher floors are worth the price difference. But they have &quot;new decorations&quot; meaning newer and unbelievably, even harder beds. The beds are also smaller, only a double and a twin. The windows in all rooms are single pane glass and the traffic noise on the lower floors can be substantial until about midnight. The curtains move in the breeze even when the windows are closed. We use the apartments often because we live in China and travel to Shanghai often. These are what offset the uncomfortable beds.......The Western breakfast is fair enough for the price and the pool is heated and quite nice. My kids like it and there is a lifeguard most of the time. There is a park with track for jogging that is fairly close by and the gym has two treadmills and an assortment of freeweights. There are microwaves, stoves(gas) with ovens and small refrigerators in each apartment (although I have never stayed in a single bedroom apartment so I don't know about those). Just caticorner to the New Harbor, there is a small local grocery store where you can buy ramen, cereals, milk, disposables like paper towels, bowls and plastic cutlery. Four blocks away is the Times Square shopping center with a City Supermarket in the lower level. Buy your ham, cheese or microwaveable pizza rolls there and save some money by eating in the apartment. YuYuan Garden, a beautiful photo op of ancient architecture, is a 10 minute taxi ride away and you can buy your teapots, fans, kites and all things China there. The bund is also 10 minutes by taxi. Peoples Square is two blocks away, as is the dinosaur museum that my kids love. The location justifies the cost so you need to modify your comfort expectations. At least there is room to spread out compared to other accommodations (in this price range) in the area.	
Nov 17 2007 	Great value! Felt like we lived in Shanghai vs. just visted!	My family of 5 stayed here while we were in Shanghai for 4 days. It is situated in a local neighborhood not too far from the main Shanghai sites such as the Bund and Nanking Road. I loved it because it really gave me a feel of the city and not just the touristy spots. We had safe, fresh street food every morning for breakfast - all situated withing a 1 block radius! There's also a great street for dinner where you'll find an assortment of restaurants filled with locals within a block away. We had some of our best meals there: traditional hotpot, famous Shanghainese steamed dumplings and Uighur lamb kabobs (the best I've ever had!). Our apartment was on the 11th floor - great view! It was spacious with approx. 1,100 sq ft. - we were in a 2 bedroom, 1 bath space. For 5 adults, it was a treat to have more space than the usual hotel rooms though we did struggle with 1 bathroom. The only drawback since it is not a hotel but rather a serviced apartment is that there is less service. You do have your apartment cleaned every day - beds are made, bathrooms ar cleaned. However, the front deck staff is not entirely helpful. If you're looking for a day trip to one of the water villages near by (highly recommend Zhouzhuang dating back to the Ming and Ching Dynasties - it's where they filmed MI3), we were ripped off by the front deck folks who set us up with a private van costing 1,000 RMB when would could have gotten it for no more than 700 RMB. I'd recommend asking the laundry women for a private van since they seemed more sincere and told us afterwards that they could have gotten us one for much less. If you're looking for more than just a typical tourist's trip to Shanghai and are interested in exploring how the locals live, too, this is a great place for a great value!	
Nov 11 2007 	A Good Choice	We only stayed here for one night, but were impressed with the standard of the apartment. Very spacious and has everything you need. Breakfast is great value at 60 RMB (about £4) per person. My only criticism would be that on check in/out the staff were not very friendly or welcoming, but not really an issue. Would stay here again, particularly if was in Shanghai for a few days as an apartment like this would feel like a great base. Good location too, 10 mins walk from People's Square.	
Oct 26 2007 	Good place to stay	Myself and my husband stayed here for four nights at the beginning of October. We found it extremely satisfactory. We had a one bed apartment with sitting room, kitchen and bathroom. It was serviced very well each day and was clean and spacious. We are currently on a round the world trip and liked having the space in the apartment instead of just a small hotel room. We were also on one of the higher floors and had a great view of the city lights. There was a TV in the sitting room and the bedroom. Like another reviewer said, we found the supply of hot/cold water in the kitchen great-also for making cups of tea in the morning! True, if you want to self cater you do have to hire the crockery, cooking utensils etc but I can't imagine why anyone would want to do this when the food outside the door of the hotel is so cheap and yummy. It cannot be cheaper or easier to self cater. The location was excellent. A friend of ours lived in Shanghai for three years and she also said the location cannot be beaten. It is in a fairly local area so all of the nearby restaurants etc would not be tourist friendly in that no English menus etc but it's only a 10 min walk to more user friendly parts of Shanghai and it is nice to be in a local area to get a flavour for the real parts of the city. There is no WIFI in the rooms which was a bit of a minus for us but there is a business centre with two computers (although it is not cheap). There are also two restaurants which we did not use. All in all excellent value for the price-we paid 30 euro a head per night.	
Oct 25 2007 	had to leave don't believe the glowing reviews	Selected this hotel/apartment based on trip advisor recommendations. Not so lucky this time. In the past we have stayed at great places based on trip advsior. This is the exception. Pictures looked good, beds were solid (like granite) Disturbed that housekeeping had to bring and charge for all items beyond a teacup. Ahh... the smell! Raw sewage and mould. Still coughing! Gas shutoffs are worrisome. Consider another location, had to leave, just couldn't stay.	
Oct 20 2007 	What a Great Stay!	Three of us stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment for 6 nights and had a great stay. The room was very clean, the shower was hot and drained well, and the apartment was large enough for us to sprawl out. Bottled hot/cold water in the kitchen came in very handy for making cups of tea. The location was fantastic- walking distance to the major sights and the People's Square subway station. The breakfast was great for us Americans, especially the fresh-cooked eggs and strong hot coffee. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 15 2007 	Excellent location	Loved this property. The location and price was just right! We booked a deluxe 1 bdrm with study apartment and had a computer ready and waiting when we arrived. The staff were very good and helpful. The western/chinese breakfast was good. We ate no other meals there. We are walkers and walked literally everywhere: Old Shanghai (25 minutes), Nanjing Road (10 min) the Bund and Pudong River for cruising by day or night (25 minutesJ). We would have walked faster but the weather was hot with high humidity, plus we had a 5 year old with a stroller. We would definately go back to Shanghai and stay at the same place. It was a comfortable, clean place to stay. Not too much english ... A grocery was across the street with anything you might want. Fresh fruit on the street. Laundry on the third floor. Our only drawback in Shanghai was the food. We survived well as having a kitchenette and a grocery near by.	
Oct 10 2007 	Good place but don't expect a full service hotel	We stayed here for 4 days in the beginning of September and were satisfied with the hotel. Firstly, this hotel focuses on long term business clientel, not tourist. The hotel staff spoke good english and we had no problem checking in but when we asked them anything tourist related they didn't know the answer. However Shanghai was easy to navigate so this was not a huge problem. The rooms are old appartments, not hotels rooms. I had someone vouch that if you lived in Shanghai this is exactly what you can expect to live in (tiny kitchen and all). It is midway between the bund and the Shanghai Musuem so it is as central as you can get. The metro is about a 10 minute walk away. You could walk to french quarter (like we did) but I would highly suggest you go to the metro and go up a stop or two. Around the people square (where the musuem is) is a lot of shopping and restaurants. For the price it is a good deal. As a travellers note, if you are going to Beijing first, then Shanghai, do as much of your shopping in Beijing as possible as Shanghai is noticable more expensive in everything (if we were to do our trip again we would goto Shanghai first, then Beijing to avoid this problem).	
Sep 28 2007 	Decent Service Apartment	We stayed 4 nights at the New Harbour Service Apartments. We arrived very early in Shanghai and was pleasantly surprised we were allowed to check-in at 8am without any additional charge. Receptionist was cheerful and check-in was a breeze. On our 1st night, we booked the deluxe 1-bedroom apartment. It was spotlessly clean, it came with a decent sized bedroom with a queen bed, plenty of wardrobe space and side-tables. The view wasn't much to look at as the city was pretty smoggy. The bathroom was clean and water pressure was strong. We had a small kitchenette with a small fridge, microwave and portable drinking water. In the fridge, soft drinks and beer were available, although at a price, the price-list was displayed on the kitchen cabinet. We shifted to a deluxe 3-bedroom from the 2nd night onwards as we had friends joining us a day later. The 3 bedder apartment is huge, came with a side table, dining table and large living room. 1 room would be the master-bedroom with attached bathroom, 2nd room was a normal sized room with queen bed, 2rd room was a room with a single bed. Everything was so new and our night-lamp was still wrapped up in plastic. There was a big attached bathroom near the living room. I was a little bit surprised that absolutely no utensils were provided in the kitchen, so if you want a cup of coffee, take it black or bring along a small teaspoon.The living room had a sofa, some potted plants, coffee-table and a tv. We could only find 2 English channels - HBO and Channel News Asia from Singapore. The bedroom and living room had separate air-cons so we had 2 remote controls, which were entirely in Mandarin, so if you can't read Mandarin and you have problem using the remote, you need to get help from reception.We were given bk'fast coupons and the buffet spread wasn't much to rave about. Very few selections although you had your breads, jams, butter, and local food like dim sum and noodles, however there was an egg station and they understood English, so you can order sunny side up or scrambled eggs. The staff there were very polite.The location of this service apartment was great! It was very near the Shanghai museum (which I recommend, it has 4 floors!), near the Bund, near the Yu Gardens which I absolutely loved and highly recommend! The bund is absolutely beautiful at night and the old buildings are just fantastic, you must take a night cruise down the bund and bring along your video-camera. The landmark of Shanghai which is the Pearl Orient Tower is also a must as you can see the whole of Shanghai (it reminds me of the Eiffel Tower). Keep your ticket stubs and you may want to visit the wax museum located on the 1st floor of the Pearl Orient Tower, it showcases old Shanghai and it has lovely old photos.Taxis are plentiful and the flag down rate is only 11 yuan. Although a local tells me that it's nearly impossible to catch a cab during summer and rainy days. A note of caution: if you flag a cab, be sure to be quick, we had our cab 'stolen' from under our noses by a local couple, we were waiting for the occupants to exit the cab and this couple walked right up and got into the cab, although it was clear we were waiting to get in. There are plenty of restaurants in Shanghai and prices are reasonably cheap. There are some al-fresco restaurants at the Bund (at the back of Shangri-La hotel) which is lovely, you get to enjoy the beautiful lights against the backdrop of those lovely buildings and see the ships cruise by. The only downside about Shanghai is the horrendous traffic, plan your itinerary early and try to avoid peak-hour as the traffic is really very bad, it's stop-go-stop-go...you get the picture. The ride from the airport took us over an hour to get to the apartment on arrival and we were caught in peak hour traffic.We took the 'MagLev train' (magnetic levitation) to the airport when we returned home. You have to experience it, it only took 7 minutes from the train station to the airport and only costs 50 yuan (keep your boarding stubs, if you show it to them, you only pay 40 yuan). This is a special train which goes to the airport in get this...330km/h. It sure beats sitting in a cab for an hour.Beware of 'spitters', there are quite a lot of them, so watch where you step. We found it pretty safe in Shanghai, the shopping was fantastic and taxis are plentiful in Autumn. Would definitely stay at New Harbour again if I ever visit Shanghai again.	
Sep 7 2007 	Shabby cheap unhelpful but good location	Don't believe the website: our 1-bed deluxe apartment was small, and badly stocked: the kitchen had no cooking utensils, cutlery, crockery or kettle - even though they do provide two free teabags and two mugs. All can be hired for a fee, except the kettle, but what a pain - especially as housekeeping doesn't speak English and takes four calls and a 30m wait to get any item to the room. You rather wish they'd roll the extra $20 into the overnight price and be done with it.The checkin staff are surly; as per the other reviews, no luggage help is forthcoming at all (and I'm 5 months pregnant, struggling with two suitcases!). The apartment itself: stained, especially the bathroom, the furniture and fittings are cheap, tatty - very much like well-used student accommodation, in fact. Reasons to stay here? Good-ish space for your money, and centrally located, plus the A/C works fine. Our taxi driver took three turns round the block to find it, but it's walking distance to People's Square (which you can see from some windows). The surrounding streets look shabby, and are badly lit at night, but seem safe enough.	
Aug 30 2007 	Good value	We were at the end of a 3 week trip to china with 3 kids. We opted for apartments to finish the trip and give us some freedom. We arrived ok but taxis did seem to struggle to find the place. Check in ok but not over friendly. The apartment had 3 bedrooms and a/c worked fine - nonce we got them to supply enough remote controls. Pool good - but we had 3 bedrooms for 2 adults and e kids and they charge extra if more that 4 people use pool - whic we thought was a bit much! Breakfast only for 3 people i.e. i per room - and no crockery or cutlery inh apartment - so cannot self cater unless you nbhire these. Howeverf overall good value. Near to peoples square and fairly central. Japanese restaurant attached - ok, good bar with helpful staff who recommended places to visit in shanghai.	
Aug 22 2007 	Disappointing poor service	This place was a bit of a disappointment, particularly in comparison to the other places we stayed. When we arrived, the bellboy stood watching us struggle with our luggage - no offer of help transporting our bags to the apartment was forthcoming, and I noticed that we were not alone in this. When we left, the security guard asked another bellboy to help and he refused outright. Reception staff varied from disinterested to rude, with the exception of one man. Our apartment did not in any way resemble the photos used to advertise this place - the view wasn't great but we were on the 5th floor and I imagine that had we been higher up it would have been fine, so I'm not complaining about that. However, the decor and furnishings were not quite as the pictures imply. The rooms have been recently decorated but the bathroom seems to have been only partially done, and the old tired wardrobes remain. Our safe didn't work and the kitchen is very pokey. The pool is also quite a bit smaller than it appears in the pictures.We had booked the apartment for 3 people but were only given breakfast vouchers for 2, and 2 towels. It took a few phone calls to get a third towel, and we couldn't extract an explanation as to why we were only entitled to 2 breakfasts even though the booking was for 3 - we gave up in the end. Breakfast was OK, not bad, not amazing, and service was poor.Location was reasonable, about 10-15 mins walk from Nanjing Street and 20 mins walk from the Old Town, but only if you are an enthusiastic walker. Found the staff so offensive that I wouldn't consider staying here again.	
Aug 8 2007	Great Location and Value	We found New Harbour on Tripadvisor and were very happy with our choice. The reviews are very accurate. If you want a fancy, highend experience (spa, nice linens, crazy lobby) then this place definitely isn't for you. But if you plan on really seeing the city and want a nice place to sleep/rest then you'll find this hotel to be more than adequate.The location is awesome - right in the heart of town. My favorite was waking up and watching the locals go about their day. I think that's much more fun than seeing a bunch of tourists or westerners hanging around! Taxis did have a little trouble with finding it, but we made it there safely and quickly every time. Breakfast was great - nice mix of local and western foods. Front desk is not very helpful, but the doormen were wonderful. Steve even walked us a few blocks to find a sim chip for our cell!Someone mentioned it being smelly and that is slightly true. It's all the humidity and it smells like dampness. Nothing gross, just a tad off.Overall, it's no Four Seasons but definitely met our needs. We'd stay here again.	
Aug 2 2007 	Great location	I spent three nights in July 2007 in a superior 1 bedroom suite for 1539rmb, including service and internet access. Superb location and rooms for the price. The decor is a bit shabby and the bed is very firm but not uncomfortable. No cooking facilities in the one bedroomed apartment but a nice sitting room.Breakfast was a hit or miss affair, some days excellent other days a waste of 60rmb. A bit expensive considering you can get an all you can eat lunchtime bbq in Xiantiandi for 68.The gym is typical for a hotel but the pool and sauna area are very nice.I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 24 2007 	good value good location	This was a good value and well located. As a family of 4, having more space was very nice--only 1 bathroom, though. It also had relatively inexpensive high speed internet and a nice, athough somewhat expensive, breakfast as additional costs. We had little trouble with cabs knowing how to get there as some had reported. All in all, it was a satisfactory experience. It was clean and well maintained (except my only real complaint was the windows were very dirty outside). We had a great view but had to open the window to enjoy it!! I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 23 2007	Good value for money	Just back from a three night stay at New Harbour. Location is great and apartment was good value for money. However we found the reception staff unfriendly and not very helpful - that said it may be becuase they were always quite busy. One thing to watch out for is that the reception don't exchange sterling - either notes or travellers cheques.	
Jul 14 2007 	Value for money	Hotel is located about 10 minute walk to nanjing road. You will have to wake trough a bit fusy part of town but we did not have a problem with that. By the way we used a taxi maybe 25 times and did not pay more then 20 yuan, about 2 euro, 2,5 dollars... So that's no problem. Since you are in the middle of downtown everything is within a few KM (or miles).All rooms are apartement style and we had booked a 2 and a 1 bedroom deluxe. We got a 3 and 2 bedroom deluxe. Rooms are average, not thrills but they worked our fine. Kitchen is nothing to talk about and all kitchenware needs to be rented (no need on holiday).Breakfast is good, buffet with everything you need. Staff speaks a little english. Hotel was being renovated as we were there, we did not notice any noice or so.I would recommand it to anyone needing a comfortable, great value hotel in the center of Shanghai.	
Jul 11 2007 	Excellent hotel - value and location	The New Harbour Service Apts. provided terrific value (approx. $750/week for our family of 4). The 3-bedroom suite was spacious, had two bathrooms, a kitchen, dining room and living room, two cable TV's, air conditioning, and internet. The hotel is centrally located. It's within 10 minutes of The Bund, major upscale shopping and dining, to the shopping bazaar and tea gardens, and to Renmin Park (Shanghai Museum and Shanghai Art Museum). The hotel also has a fitness center and pool. Breakfast for 3 was included: they serve Western and Asian food; the 4th breakfast cost a reasonable 60 RMB per day (about $8) The staff speaks passable English, meaning we never had a problem being understood, even when asking for an iron, for directions on how to open the bedroom safe, or for a new internet cable. We highly recommend this hotel!	
Jul 7 2007	Smelly hotel poor staff but good location	We stayed at New Harbour in a 2 room suite. On arrival we were shown to an uncleaned room that smelt awful after complaining they &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a 2 room suite which while clean also smelled awful. The rooms are big with losts of room but the furniture is tired and useless.The front desk staff is the dour chinese type who prefer to avoid eye contact and hide in the back room with a few excpetions. The doorman are great and very eager to get a cab.The breakfast buffet is OK - quality varied tremendously from day to day.The location is good - everything is a short cab ride away.	
May 31 2007 	Great Stay	We stayed at the New Harbour Serviced apartments while on a recent holiday in China. Our stay was for a total of 4 nights and we were amazed and what quality is on offer for such a low price. Location:The location is spot on perfect with the Yuayuan tea rooms, the bund, the french concession, peoples square, xintande and huahai shopping district all within walking distanceRooms:We opted for the executive suite as the prices are so cheap and it was well worth it with separate kitchen, a dining table, lounge and also a separate study with your own PC and internet access. The rooms were great and roomy and the bedroom was big.Service:We did have problems trying to communicate what we wanted to the staff but after a bit of effort we did get our message across.Overall: You cant beat basically staying in what is a studio apartment for the incredibly low rates being charged ( i think we payed somwhere in the vicinity of $100-120 Aus per night) especially when we hardly ever had to jump in cab as we could walk everywhere.	
May 30 2007 	Excellent home base	I booked a 2 bedroom apartment (for 3 people) for about $100 per night. When we arrived they upgraded us to a 3 bedroom place so I can't speak for the 2 bedroom units but ours was very nice. Big living room, dining room, nice bedrooms, 2 bathrooms with good showers, very clean, nice view, good air conditioning, good daily cleaning service. And the beds were softer than anywhere else we had stayed in China, quite comfy. Note, this is not a luxury hotel, the furniture is not expensive and the floor is fake wood. But it is all clean and nice and comfortable. As long as you don't go in expecting Ritz quality you will not be disappointed.The kitchen is small but we didn't want to cook anyway. It had a water cooler with purified bottled water which was a great feature, and a fridge. No cooking equipment but they will rent that stuff to you for cheap if you want it. The gym in the hotel is quite nice, and they have internet use for a reasonable price at a few public computers. The hotel breakfast was bad and we didn't eat there after trying it the first day but there is plenty of yummy food just steps away from the front door.We thought the location was ideal - walking distance to Old Town and the Bund (if you don't mind walking a mile). Very close to People's Park. And taxis are so cheap it's easy to get around. Plus there is a subway stop at People's Park and the subway system is very nice, clean, and reasonably easy to use.Front desk staff spoke very good English and were quite helpful. Overall we were not very fond of Shanghai compared to other places in China - too much neon and American shops and commercialization but we had fun and really liked the hotel. Highly recommended, especially if you have more than 1 person or a couple and want additional bedrooms.	
May 27 2007 	Great hotel!	Great hotel at a great price. Excellent location, staff spoke good English, clean and friendly. Far better value than the big brand hotels, with not that much less in terms of amenities. Highly recommended.	
May 27 2007 	excellent choice	Appts are in a great location . . being between reminin square and the metro link and the styley xitandi area (good restaurants) Hotel was only a short walk to both areas so was ideal. Staff where polite and helpful - rooms clean and large - beds hard but typical of other aisian hotels I've stayed in. Nice pool area. Breakfasts were also very good with excellent choice (Bacon, saus, hash browns eggs done how every you like plus the usual cereal toast etc) Will absolutley recommend to anyone else (in fact my Mum's is going to stay next week !)	
Apr 19 2007 	Great Place	Hotel was in excellent location about 1 km to The Bund, Old China andNinjing Road. We had booked a 3 bedroom &quot;superior&quot; suite but on arrival that was not available for some reason and they put us ina 2 bedroom and a 1 bedroom suite which was fine. The 2 BR was a smoking room but they could not or would not change it claiming the hotel wasfull. Did offer to try to change the following day though after I pushed the issue. Over all the staff were cordial and generally friendly and spoke good english but I wouldn't say they went overboard in the service e.g. didn't seem to know how to smile. The rooms were fine (once we got rid of the smoking) and clean. Great views (we were on the 23rd floor). We did have suites so not sure what the &quot;normal rooms&quot; were like. The beds were rock hard which was the only bad mark I could give. TV was ok with mix of English (CNN, HBO, ESPN) and Chinese channels. Business centre on 2nd floor so you could easily catch up on news from home via internet.Restuarant provided a good western style breakfast but would not recomend for evening meal. Plenty of Chinese restuarants nearby as alternative. Also a small supermarket across the road so you could get your own supplies. All up, enjoyed my stay at the hotel and wouldgo back again. There were 4 of us, myself, wife and 2 late teenage children and we were comfortable.	
Apr 11 2007 	Loads of room	Two adults, 1 child and toddler stayed in the 2 bedroom deluxe for 10 days - hard beds were a bit of a shock, but apparently they are common in China. My bad back actually got better being straightened out every night! The cot was supplied with bedding free of charge. There was plenty of space for all of us. The staff were very helpful and would write the name of our destination in Mandarin for the taxis. Taxi's did find it a bit hard to find hotel as its between two one way streets, but the hotel provides a map in chinese on business cards which made it easier. Plus the taxis are keen not to rip you off (as long as you take a genuine taxi and not a private car with meter in glove box). We organised our trip directly with the hotel (via phone calls and then emails to confirm details). We negotiated and even lower rate as we were staying 10 days. The only problem was we arrived at around 9pm and the hotel gave away our room and put us in a slightly smaller one. But after pointing this out we got upgraded to a superior room with even more room and an extra toilet at no extra charge. Also, use the external laundry - much better quality and value for money than having housekeeping do it in house. Pool was also clean, but not super warm!! Would stay again.	
Feb 25 2007 	Tremendous value	Tremendous value in excellent location between The Bund and Renmin Park. Great views over the city from 26th floor. Good breakfast buffet. Staff helpful though quite dour. Plenty of space for the money. Beds hard!In-house bar rather tacky but some really interesting eateries round about; try Yunan (food) street for an adventure.	
Feb 24 2007 	Good location	We booked 3 nights at the hotel to end our trip round China. We found the staff friendly. The suite was clean and more than adequate for our stay. It is not luxurious but perfect for what we needed. It is quite conveniently located if you don't mind walking a little, however taxi's are so cheap that it doesn't matter if you don't want to walk.The food in the hotel was basic but very nice, although the breakfast were a little dissapointing.	
Jan 26 2007 	Great for a family or group	A group of 5 adults and one baby shared the 3 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment in comfort. It was spacious and kept very clean with daily servicing. A cot (travel-cot type) was provided at no charge. The location is good as there are plenty of restaurants and food stalls around with a mini mart right across the street. You can walk to Nanjing Lu and Xintiandi in about 20 minutes. If you feel lazy taxis are very cheap. We had a great view towards the Peoples Square.	
Jan 22 2007 	Fantastic for families	First 2 nights given low-floor superior room with 2 queen sized bed.Musky smell carpet,otherwise okay.room rate for 2-bedroomed suite+3 breakfasts daily=one room hotel room downtown.On return from Hangzhou,upgraded to delux 2-bedroom suite as all superior rooms taken,much nicer higher floor,no smell,overlooking People,s Sq.Breakfasts very good,esp coffee,since usually coffee in China elsewhere tastes like milky water.This apt 's coffee tastes and smells like expresso.	
Jan 7 2007 	overall good experience	I booked this hotel via hotels.com and got a very good price. I payed around 890 dollars for 6 nights in a three bedroom apartment. There was one big livingroom with tv, sofa and two armchairs plus a kitchentable for six, two normalsized bathrooms with tub, three bedrooms and one small kitchen. Two of the bedrooms slept two people (one queensize bed in the first and two singlebeds in the second). We were five people (one family with five adults) and the apartment suited our needs perfectly. The kitchen was not equipped with anything in terms of cups, glasses, plates or cutlery. If you want any you have to rent it from the hotel. Since there are thousands of great restaurants in the neighborhood we really didn't need the kitchen anyway. The beds were very hard but that is normal in China and we all slept very well anyway. Also, the apartment was very quiet.The apartment was pretty cold since january is a winter month in Shanghai. We heard that Mao Tse Tung actually decided that south of the Yangtse river, no heating would be installed in the buildings, and for some strange reason the Shanghainese still don't install heating in their buildings. Luckily every room had air conditioning so if you have the A/C on (we put it on 25 degrees celcius) you don't have to freeze.Overall good location. About three minutes walk to Huaihai Rd, one of the biggest shopping streets. A taxi ride to People's Square, the Bund, Pudong etc is about 12-19 RMB (1.5-2.4 US Dollars) and there are always taxis available so getting around is cheap and easy.The condition of the apartment was okay, a little tired in some corners but nothing too bad considering the very low price and great location. New towels and cleaning every day. 3 free breakfast coupons each day (the breakfast is 50RMB for those without coupon). The breakfast was good with juices, omelettes made especially for you, toast, fresh fruit and chinese dishes for those who like to try new things. Some of the staff spoke english so language was no problem.I would definately stay here again.	
Dec 27 2006 	Nice	I think the thing that makes this hotel excellent was the sheets. I honestly don't get the traditional gross sheet set up. There was a nice goose down comforter with a white duvet cover. The pool was nice considering you're in middle of the city. Everything was very convenient, many good restaurants very close by if you are looking for chinese cuisine. Also close by is reming square, shanhai museum, huahai and nanjing, the best places to shop. There is a nice view of the city at night and during the day. It is clean enough. It is good alternative to large foreign chains that charge excessively to uphold their upscale brand.	
Dec 23 2006 	Great place at a good value	we stayed at a 2 room apartment for 4 nights. very clean and tidy. The kitchen was quite small and useless and also had no utensils. But if you eat out all the time like we did, shoulnd't be a concern.the location was quite good and was right next to the major food street in shanghai. i think it was yunnan st.the location is quite ok but it's bit far to walk to all the major sights and had no close metro station. But as the taxi is quite cheap in china, so should be ok. the breakfast buffet is excellent and not to be missed but avoid having dinner in the restaurant. My friend ordered spaghetti and it came with sweet and sour sauce instead of tomato!!!overall, i will highly recommend this place	
Nov 9 2006 	location-price-quality combination hard to beat	Booked this in Nov 06 through Expedia - this gives an excellent discount if booked together with the flight. Called them a day before, was immediately connected to an English-speaking assistant who confirmed the booking and immediately agreed for an early check-in.A nice high-rise in an area, which otherwise is somewhat dull, but safe and with a good number of services (shops, restaurants, internet cafe etc) nearby. The big advantage is that this is in roughly equal distance from all major attractions: Bund, Xitiandi/Frenchtown, Old town, Nanjing shopping area, People's Square. You can get to any of these on foot within reasonable time, or if you are tired of walking, by cab for 11 yuan (~1euro/70pence) in most cases. Taxi to/from the airport was 45 minutes/150 yuan. Taxi drivers don't usually know this place so printing out a map with address from their website in advance will be helpful.We had a 'delux' suite on the 22nd floor, which was clean, quite spacious, air-conditioned (separate units for the bedroom and lounge), with tv, wc, bath with shower, hairdryer and enough furniture for a small family: double bed, sofa, armchair, dining table with 3-4 chairs, coffee table, and plenty of storage for clothes in the bedroom. Kitchen is a separate small room with large fridge, gas cooker, microwave, sink and a water dispenser.Kitchen utensils you have to rent - we got a kettle for an occasional cup of tea, but could not get the cooker to work (so we microwaved water instead). We did not bother much about this, but I imagine it could be more important for anyone with kids or if staying for a longer time - then you would really like to cook for yourself. I'm sure they would fix it though, as they promptly reacted to our other requests, we just did not care to go and ask.Another strange thing about the kitchen was that the water in the complimentary watertank was for some reason heated, not cooled - I could not find any button to change this, so the water was warm (but not hot enough for tea) all the time. Perhaps I should have unplugged the whole thing.The furniture and decor are occasionally mildly dated but otherwise make an impression of new and well-maintained. Hard flooring was a very nice difference from the usual Anglo-American fitted carpet with all its grease, stains and dust (have a sniff in the '5-star' Peace Hotel, for example, to understand what I mean). The maid service is efficient, they really scrub the place clean every day.The best thing was to have a real apartment with more than one rooms and windows with different views, instead of being locked in a 'single cell' confinement, however luxurious that might be. Being able to rest when your partner is watching TV or working in the other room is also essential for a jet-lagged traveler. Most serviced apartments I stayed in before compromise on service in some way: they would provide cleaning only once a week and will frequently charge you for a final cleaning; they almost never have typical hotel facilities. This is not the case at the New Harbour though: you get daily cleaning at no extra charge, 24/7 reception service, swimming pool with sauna, business centre with Internet PCs, breakfast (good), 2 restaurants (decent), a bar (hugely overpriced), fridge with drinks (cheap) and hairdressers (good and very cheap).Breakfast is included for one person, for more people you have to pay 50 yuan (5euro/3.3pounds) per person - very reasonable for the varied and substantial fare (both Chinese and European) you get there.Most staff speaks some English, so we did not have many problems with this. They are not overly friendly but are sufficiently efficient.Among the glitches, I already listed the gas cooker thing (they didn't seem to charge for the kettle though). Another mild problem was with all PCs using Chinese version of Windows - which means you don't know which button to click to stop the thing from saving your passwords. One PC in the business centre seemed infested with spyware throwing up cascade windows so it might not be wise to type in any sensitive information there. Also, I tried to follow their instructions to connect to the Internet by dial-up from the room but this did not work. They offered an ethernet cable for 70 yuan a day which I did not take as I only needed to check my mail couple times, so I can't say how good this is.In a nutshell, having seen the different areas of Shanghai, I think this is a very good option in terms of price, location and quality. I think it would be even more valuable for anyone who opts for self-catering holidays there.	
Oct 31 2006 	Excellent value	Excellent value for money and quite well situated- the apartment was spotlessly clean and even offered inclusive internet. Great for families. Reception was ok although english of staff was limited. Good laundry facilites - altogether a very successful stay.Some breakfasts included in price - a good selection of chinese and western food -I will definitely come back to this accommodation	
Sep 26 2006 	Clean 	Stayed here for 3 nights in mid-September (actually, I was booked to stay for a week, but my plans changed and they accomodated my change). I booked a 1-bedroom unit, but upon check-in, they ran out and gave me a 2-bedroom for the same price. The room is well laid out and clean. Bed is not as hard as indicated by another reviewer - typical type of bed in China. The location is convenient - a quick walk to Huai Hai Road and to Xin Tian Di. The immediate surrounding of the hotel is more of a &quot;local area&quot;. They have internet access to the rooms and in the business centre, but they charge extra for that. The breakfast provided is okay, nothing great. Definitely value for your money.	
Sep 4 2006 	Good value	Good points:Convenient location - many resturants within walking distance;Staff are helpful and honest (I left a skirt in the wardrobe, it was returned to me when I was checking out);Thorough room cleaning everyday; Not so goods points:Beds are extremely hard, hope they can add a pad to it if the beds are not to be replaced soon;Bedroom carpet is very dirty, hope it can be replaced by wood floor as living room;Breakfast can be better; Try to eat out as much as you can.	
Aug 4 2006	Good price and quality	We have just returned from a week Shanghai . The service appartement New Harbour were very good . The situation is very good . The hotel is very clean , the apartements were spacious .Our kids are 13 and 14 and 17 enjoyed the pool on the second floor and the sauna. The breakfast was cheap and good , the restaurant was expensive for China and not good!	
Jul 30 2006 	Great base to explore	I have just come back from a week in Shanghai staying at the New Harbour.Firstly it is easy to find if you go into town on the Maglev (50RMB - Worlds fastest train – was a buzz) then get the underground (2RMB and well air-conditioned) to Peoples Square. From there turn right out of exit no. 1 walk along the park near the shops – go over the pedestrian overpass (you can see the New Harbour lit up towering over other buildings – it has 28 floors) and it was just a few streets walk – we managed the airport to hotel room in 1 hour, after about 12 hours of flying, with luggage fairly easily). If you are getting a taxi it is easier for the driver to find Jinling Dong Lu (Jinling Road East – it is full of musical instrument shops!) Yonshou Road and the hotel are just off Jinling.I stayed with a friend in a one bedroom Superior Suite – which is the basic room on the 7th floor. It had a good size living room with sofa and easy chair plus a desk and chair. It also had a TV with loads of channels – mainly Chinese and Japanese but also a number of English speaking ones – well CNN and HBO. It had a microwave and huge fridge freezer (stocked as a mini bar but also with things like Chinese pot noodle and coffee – cheapest mini bar I have ever seen too!). The bedroom was large enough – we had a twin (yes ahrd beds to good for your back !) – with a massive wardrobe and another TV – with an en suite with everything you need – great shower that was well appreciated after the long flight. Both rooms had air chillers on the walls which was bliss – was 35 degree Celsius plus outside and 95% humidity – and the only way you can get cool enough to sleep. The hotel was a great place to come back to after a long day exploring the city in the heat. The location was just fine – on the edge of the Bund and Nanjing Road shopping areas, on the edge of the Old Town, just down the road from the start of the French Concession (Gods Kitchen has a massive super club about 10 mins in a cab in this area) and the Renmin Park. So perfect for us as we explored every day on foot. It is also on the edge of the new area so you see a bit of daily life for the locals which is great to watch if you are not on too high a floor. They are especially great to watch on crossings – everyone going in different directions – but no one bumps into each other! And people sitting out in the street in the cool of the night.The staff at the front desk are efficient but not overly friendly – which make a nice change from the overly cheesey American hotel reception staff! (Though we found people in Shanghai very friendly and chatty.) We got a taxi back to the airport coming back due to very early flights – reception sorted a taxi out and he was great! They’ll also post your cards for you so no need to get stuck in the post office for ages trying to pronounce the word stamp!The pool looked great but we didn’t have time to use it. The Japanese restaurant attached to the hotel is also good and cheap for a first arrival night meal – we paid about £9 for 2 main dishes and 2 beers and green tea (the later is free in all restaurants except the airport!). Also check out the bakery round the corner called Relax if you miss breakfast – which finishes at 10 am (we missed it every day!) or the bakery on Jinling Road – but believe your eyes – we were persuaded to buy a weird cake with a furry top – it looked weird, had too much chilli for a breakfast and smelt bad. The buns with almonds are great though. There is a supermarket outside the front to the left which has loads of great stuff.The water cooler in the room is a god send – we drank 2x11.3litre barrels in 6 days just while we were in the room – and much more out and about. It does hot and cold water – the switch is on the back to heat up the water for tea or noodles – which takes a bit of finding. It is also free to get more even though it says in the room portfolio you have to pay for additional barrels – you don’t.Yunnan Road round the corner is a great food street – plenty of interesting sights too. Nanjing Road is about 10 mins walk away – but so is the Old Town in the opposite direction, where is it essential to haggle – we bought most stuff for around 50 to 60% of the market prices- sometimes less!Essential very good suite hotel with enough space. Would definitely stay again!	
Jul 28 2006 	execellent price/quality	We, a family of 4 with children aged 9 and 10, stayed for a week at New Harbour. It´s an execellent place for families. The apartments are spacious, clean and well equipped (exept for the kitchen which is empty). The gym is OK and the large swimming pool a daily attraction for the kids. Breakfast was allright although the place was too small so at times people got breakfast in the hallway.Staff was friendly. It´s an excellent location, only 5 minutes walk from renmin square and all the shopping malls and 5 minutes form the chinese shops in the old town. A 15 minute stroll will get you at the Bund.The largest appartment (up to 5 people) is less then 100 euro per night including breakfast. So it´s a much better deal then the comparable 4 star hotel´s.	
Jul 5 2006	Good for families - okay location	Just got back from Shanghai. We stayed at the New Harbour for several days. The location is pretty good - a 10 minute walk from Yu Yuan Gardens, 5 minute walk to Huai Hai Lu and a 10 minute walk to Nanjing Dong Lu. There is nothing much around the hotel (within 3-4 blocks). People's park is about 5 blocks away as is the metro. Breakfast is great - a plentiful buffet of western and Chinese foods.The pool is also very nice - not luxurious but very nice.Front desk staff is fluent in English, but seems a bit understaffed at key times (they are always in a rush).We would recommend this hotel in the future.	
Jun 25 2006	pleasant stay at the New Harbour	I stayed at the New Harbour from May 29th to June 4th.The hotel is very well located-within easy access of the Bund, the YuYuan Gardens, the French Concession and the old Chinese area. The room had air-conditioning and was very spacious -double bed, sofa, easy chair, large desk,fridge,microwave ,some dishes (minus utensils) and water cooler. It was clean and bright and overlooked a small park . A buffet breakfast provided a very good start to your day; it offerred a variety of dishes (fresh fruits, cereals, breads, eggs, tea/coffee/milk/juice plus some hot dishes etc.) Those at the front desk were pleasant enough and had a pretty good command of English.They will provide you with a free and useful map of the city if you ask.Getting around the city by metro is possible but not that practical. There are not many subway stations so it meant a fair walk (at least 20 minutes) to get to them. ( Shanghai with a population of around 18 million has a subway system of about 50 stations-they are presently extending it- while Seoul with a similar population has an extensive system of over 250 stations!) Buses might have been a better way to get around but few people speak English and there are very few signs in English so using the bus was not an option. (If I were to return to China I would want a map of the bus routes.) Taxis are inexpensive.The touristy area around the Yu gardens is worth a visit-lots of very reasonable souvenirs. Nanjing road was also a nice surprise.I recommend getting tickets to the Acrobat show at the Portman Ritz-Carlton complex.The area is very modern, the hotel is huge,modern and obviously a place where the wealthy stay. It was raining heavily that day and I looked like a drowned rat when I picked up my ticket but nevertheless was treated very well by the staff at the hotel while I waited to enter the theater.Also, be prepared to bargain-it seems to be expected at a lot of places. I found the ordinary Shanghai resident more than willing to try to help out with directions and that having a map which had streets printed in both Mandarin and English was most useful.	
May 17 2006	Great Apt Hotel Good Prices	I really enjoyed Shanghai and one of the reasons was the New Harbour Serviced Apartments . We got a three bedroom apt perfect for five people since there were three rooms. One room had a queen, another a 2 double beds, and the third room had one double. We had a nice sized living room with adjacent dining room. Small kitchen but since we didn't do any cooking it was perfect just to store fruits and drinks. They had no utensils but you can rent some during your stay. Rooms were bright and we had a nice view of the surrounding roof tops &amp; buildings. The rooms and the 2 bathrooms were cleaned each day. Hotel provided a decent breakfast buffet (bread, eggs, fruit, cereal) for three individuals for a triple room otherwise it was USD $6 per person. The best breakfast I had was the noodle soup restaurant across from the hotel. It's the only one that sells pre-made fried fish behide a glass window for those who prefer to eat them at home. Hotel was nicely situated. It was a ten minute walk away from Nanjing Road and close to the Bund. Only difficult thing is that if you don't know Mandarin to explain to the taxi drivers where the hotel is located, it takes a while to get back. The hotel provides a business card with a map of where the hotel is but some taxi drivers don't know how to read so just be patient until you find one who does.	
Apr 18 2006	Terrific place for families	If you have kids, then above all, you'll want a hotel that gives everyone a place to relax and recharge, whether in a common space or in private areas.I spent almost a week with a five-year-old and it was good to have everyone have their own bedtime (in a single room, when the first person goes to sleep, the room goes dim and quiet). Some quick notes:* Rooms are high if plain* Breakfast was convenient if unspectular* Pool and gym were nice enough* Location was not awful but 10 minute walk from everything* Staff was goodSo bottom line: nothing spectular but great value for a suite hotel; highly recommended for families. I will come back.	
Apr 11 2006	Not bad at all	The facilities were nice and clean. If you want to use the kitchette, you have to rent the utensils though. Be warned, if you are from the west, you are most likely used to soft beds but the beds in Asia are hard and this is particularly so in Shanghai. Also, Shanghai is a smokers haven. Although my room was designated a 'non-smoking' as well as the floor, there were ash trays everywhere in the room. The buffet was okay, but not a large spread by any means. In terms of location, you are about 5 blocks (5 minute walk) to the pedastrian walk.Personally, I would check out the Central hotel, which was about the same money but in a PRIME location.	
Apr 5 2006	Just a little additional information	In so far as the New Harbour Serviced Apartment is concerned, I basically agree with the comments from the reviewer on January 11, 2006. Good value, good location, clean apartments and hardish beds (which didn't bother me at all after the first few minutes). But the service apartment has no utensils except a couple of cups and glasses. It doesn't even provide a teaspoon or a knife and fork or plates so bring your own if you want to cut some fruit or make a sandwich or make a cup of tea. The front desk speaks english so it's ok. Just want to add some further information about New Harbour Serviced Apartments, in particular about that the deli street the reviewer refers to. I think he/she might mean Yunnan street. Seems to have lots of food, but particularly a little corner store selling barbecue mutton skewers. Those guys are from Sinkiang and look eurasion but their skewers were yummy and cheap (2 yuan per skewer which works out to be about 20 US cents). There's always a little crowd around them. There were other restaurants around but I didn't get a chance to try them as we were being hosted. if you are looking for some nice restaurants you can also try the following:1) Ye Olde Shanghai Station restaurant serving high quality Shanghainese food. Its a refurbished old shanghai train station. Not cheap by Shanghai standards. A meal for 4 with about mid sized 6 dishes came up to more then 550 Yuan.2) I highly recommend Ba Guo Bu Yi, located at Ding Xi Road and Zhao Hua Road. The food in this Szechuan restaurant is authentic (so be warned, the food is spicy) and cheap. A meal for 4 adults with good sized dishes (3 cold dishes and 4 hots dishes and a bottle of traditional chinese yellow wine) came up to 450 yuan or approximately US$55. But even better then the good value and delicious food is that the restaurant puts on a show, an artform traditional to the Sze chuan province where the performer is able to change his masks rapidly. The show lasts for about 10 minute and is worth seeing. The phone number 13524605236 (ask to speak to Ms Yang).3) Also, go see the Shanghai acrobatics show if you have children. The show is good and the reception can give you the written directions.Taxis are relatively cheap and the drivers are pretty honest. All will use the meter. Teh restaurants recommended above are in Shanghai and if the traffic is good, shouldn't cost more then 25 - 30 Yuan to get to them from the New Harbour Serviced Apartments.	
Mar 28 2006	Great value and location	I booked this hotel because it meant my mother and I could stay in the same apartment with separate bedrooms but pay far less than we would have done for two hotel rooms. It also meant we could spend evenings in comfort watching TV (satellite) together in the living room area. I do sometimes wonder what people expect for their money. This hotel provides very good sized accommodation in a great location at a price that anyone would consider a snip. While it is not glamorous in the fashion of a 5 star hotel, it still provides a level of convenience and comfort that most hotel rooms don't. To be able to make tea or coffee, or to cook or make sandwiches any time one wishes is a real pleasure. It feels far more like a home from home than any hotel room. There is also a very good pool and leisure facility and a self service laundry. The breakfast buffet is a mixture of chinese and western food and the restaurant offers a reasonably priced menu throughout the day for lunch or dinner. The staff have varying standards of english comprehension, but you get by and they are very efficient for getting taxis at any time. There is a small supermarket opposite and a bakery and greengrocer round the corner. The hotel is really convenient for taking a taxi across the river to Pudong as it is not far from the tunnel under the river. Ask for a room high up and the views are excellent, particularly if you can get one facing People's Square. So, if you want a high priced but plush looking hotel room where you have to sit on a bed to watch TV then fine. Personally I prefer somewhere to spread with a comfortable living area to sit, socialise and watch TV when I want to relax. While some taxi drivers do have trouble knowing where the hotel is, if you ask for the card provided by the hotel regarding taxi reservations, on the back it actually has a map showing its exact location in chinese.	
Mar 10 2006	great price/performance ratio		
Jan 11 2006	a good value		
Dec 27 2005 	Good choice		
Nov 13 2005	Review of New Harbour - great place to stay		
Nov 7 2005	Apartments great in Shanghai		
Sep 20 2005	Value for Money.		
Sep 11 2005	Great value for money		
Jul 11 2005	Fabulous apartments for families right in the city!		
Mar 27 2005	Great Place close to everything		
Oct 29 2004 	Good from far far from good		
Oct 31 2009 	??????		
Sep 7 2009 	Excelente ubicación y servicio		
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix - trés bon emplacement		
Aug 27 2009 	La suite 3 ch plus que parfaite pour une famille ; proximité de tout ce qui est intéressant		
Jul 14 2009 	Parfait pour des grandes familles		
Jan 16 2009 	??????		
Oct 27 2008 	Lo recomiendo !!		
Feb 2 2008 	Komfortable und ruhige Bleibe		
