Sep 11 2009 	Good location 	This hotel is more like a mid to up market service apartment rather than a hotel, we spent 6 days and found it reasonable for the price as it is in an excellent location.The hotel is in a block about 8 floors high in the central of HuaiHai Road, the upmarket shopping street of Shanghai. The beauty of its location is that it is right above the Shanxi (South) road subway station on line#1. Sightseeing via both subway and buses is therefore very convenient even if you get tired of walking around the shopping street itself. The hotel staff are helpful and found us carpark space for our visiting friends as well as directed us to take the subway to the Shanghai circus station for a show called ERA, it was a fantastic show!The rooms are average size but we had a bigger room in the end of the block as we asked for a quiet room away from main streets where busy traffic can be seen or heard. The bathroom is a bit small but with sufficient accessories and fittings for a pleasant stay, bath and showers both work well. There are tea making facility in the room and also free broadband internet common in all China hotels. The furniture are adequate but slightly worn out. Breakfast was a good spread catering Chinese, Japanese and western style food in the top floor restaurant. Food quality is reasonable but juice and coffee are way below standard. For those who need coffee fix, there is a Starbucks next door and also a few fast food outlets across the street for those desperate for western comfort food. The Chinese style porridge is the best I have tasted since visiting HongKong but the eggs and omellettes were presented in a terrible mess. The hotel has bargains for business men who needs a room at last minute: every evening the hotel seems to have a sign selling single rooms at RMB530 inclusive of all facilities like car parking! (see photo)	
Aug 14 2009 	Easy to walk everywhere and in center	The best location if you plan to see all city. Very easy to go everywhere...A lot of nice rest. &amp; shops &amp; malls,.....The most crowded and best shops area in Shanghai..	
Jan 21 2009 	Always Excellent Mason	This is the eight time I have stayed at the Mason, and would never stay anywhere else in Shanghai. We visit Shanghai half for business, half for pleasure, and the mason fits the bill on all counts. The rooms are spacious, clean and modern, international in style. The breakfast is great, with an omelettle/egg chef to cook to order, bacon, fresh fruit and cereals, as well as all the requisite asian dishes.The rooms are cleaned spotlessly, the internet is free in the room, and the location superb. the South Shaanxi metro is right at your doorstep, ATM at hand, and some fantastic restaurants within walking distance, eg Face Bar at Ruijin Guesthouse, and Isabella's Trattoria, just get out and investigate the side streets. Parkson Plaza Department Store is directly across the road, to stock up on bottled water and champagne. Starbucks is downstairs to kickstart you for the day. The reception staff I find to be very helpful in booking our train tickets, and handling myriad messages, parcels etc. All in all, a winner.	
Aug 26 2008 	The deluxe room	Well this was my third stay at this hotel and can honestly say it was a pleasure again. The last time I stayed was earlier this month (Aug 08) and upgraded to a deluxe room ,the standard rooms are pretty good so my expectations were high . I was not dissapointed.The room was larger with far more space.The room service was up to its usual excellent standards ,your washing done ,packed and ironed for a bag full for 10 UK pounds ,returned in 24 hours ,The bathroom at least matching a 4 star european equivalent . a joy to stay here ,convenient location ,reception staff speak near perfect english .if you can try the guided tours from the hotel ,especially the circus .For a few pounds you get a guide,travel in luxury ,worth every penny. You'll still need your ear muffs if you are a light sleeper but the local law enforcement have curtailed the noise to a minimum past 11pm . You can get a limousine FREE to return you to the airport by the hotel if you stay there for 5 days or longer. 10 out 10 this time round	
Apr 5 2008 	Good place to stay for westerners	A less expensive hotel than the more familiar big brands, which offers a lot, although some things may be missing. This won't bother you if you are there for sleep, or work, however for leisure you might need to be happy heading out.The interior is all very modern, the rooms are like new, and spacious. Some rooms don't have a bath, but just a walk in shower. There is a tv with limited english channels. No other entertainment. However the broadband access is free, via an ethernet port. Outside the rooms note there is no swimming pool, but a small gym equipment room, and two pool tables.There is a roof top bar, however it may only be open in summer, as it was closed (despite signs saying it is open). There is a ground floor starbucks, and many good places to eat nearby within walking distance.Breakfast is available - a buffet of chinese and various western foods. Don't expect a continental or full english breakfast, but you will find something to suit you.I have always stayed at the rear of the hotel, which is quiet. Overall, a good western style hotel, particularly suited to business travellers.	
May 27 2007 	Really liked the Mason Hotel: excellent value for money	We really enjoyed our stay at the Mason Hotel in Shanghai. Although located on a busy shopping road (Huaihai road), in a town where the traffic is very noisy, the traffic noise in the room was acceptable (on the 7th floor). That was the only downside, explaining the less than perfect score. However, half the rooms (even numbers?) are on the other side of the hotel, which should be very quiet (not from experience) .Room comfort and spaciousness was excellent, and far superior to what we got for double the price in Hong Kong, our subsequent stopover. Located in the heart of the elegant French Concession, and right above South Shaanxi metro station, with easy access to rest of city and right in the midst of many good services and tourist sights. There is a HSBC ATM next to the lobby.The hotel interior has a clean, peacefull, elegant and modern feel. Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast facilities were excellent offering a mix of local and Western food. Terrific value for money.	
Sep 8 2009 	???		
