Nov 26 2009 	Solid Business Hotel - Excellent rooms firm beds	This is a very solid business hotel. The beds are nice and firm unlike the soft mattresses in the states that are murder on my back. Rooms are very well appointed in terms of lighting, bathroom, and supplies.Service is good if a bit on the cold side.Breakfast, which was included w/ our rooms, was good but by no means the best I have experienced in Asia.Location is close to Shanghai Mart - within walking distance if you dare to deal with crossing the street	
Oct 16 2009 	Great learning venue	This hotel was fabulous. The accommodation rooms were beautiful...very beautiful.. you could watch TV from the bath if you didn't have jet lag so much that you couldn't have a bath. ..The conference rooms were also very good for breakout rooms and large roromos - the staff were wonderful. 	
Oct 13 2009 	Clean and Quite	Great Hotel, Location is Key for me since i need to be in that Area.... The Gym is small but good and Quite, the Pool is very nice big and clean and the locker roms where very nice showers.... the room is great except for the bed which is as hard as a rock but otherwise sheets and conforters were excellent..... NO nightlife at all.... it has a club with great music and 2 workers but NO customers ever.... There is a Piano BAr which is also very silent.....	
Sep 12 2009 	Awesome Garden 	This, it has to be said is one of the best hotels that i've ever stayed in Shanghai. The view of the garden when you first arrive is magnificant. The rooms were beyond luxurious and was surely among the largest in this city. It has the most amazing pool. The staff were curtious and friendly and I felt very welcomed. The food was delicious. The hotel was just amazing and made the stay one of the best that we've ever had in Shanghai. Definately recommend this to anyone. 5 Star. It would be more ideal if there would be a BBQ party with beers in such a stunning gorgeous garden!	
Jul 18 2009 	If this hotel were in a better location!	As good as any hotel needs to be and the value was the best we experienced on our trip. . We were upgraded to a suite and the room and hotel were superb. The service was excellent and the staff more accommodating than we are used to having. The hotel is about a 30 minute taxi ride (only $5 cost) from the center of Shanghai and that was the only issue because there always seems to be bumper to bumper traffic on the road between the two places.	
Apr 19 2009 	Eerily quiet but nice	To follow the other reviews, the location is odd (and some cabs had trouble finding it, even with the location card). The staff was English-friendly and helpful but there were some glitches.The room was large and I had a garden view, which is preferable to the highway view. Bed was comfortable; bathroom was very nice.But the whole place was strangely quiet. Hardly ever saw another soul. The attractive health club was virtually empty, except for chatting staff members, which was weird and I left earlier than I would have wanted to. Business center only had 2 internet stations and I had to wait 20 minutes to use it one time. But they offered tea or juice while I waited.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great Staff!	Love it ! email me if u wanna know more .. only downside is the location .. it's away from the main attractions.. but nothing a pretty reasonable cab ride wouldn't solve . If its just some food and a little bit of shopping u're looking for .. fear not... theres a huge carrefour just beside the hotel ... with fast food and a food court as well .. GREAT PLACE!!!	
Nov 18 2008	Excellent hotel	I was in Shanghai for two days, my last two days in China and what a way to end my journey!A superb hotel!The only not so positive aspect was the location, but with all the good aspects, I can easily forget this one! You can pick a taxi and in 20minutes you're in the center! Don't worry :)Where can I start? Beautiful rooms, with everything you may need when you are in a hotel, with very modern and clean decoration!The staff really can speak english and not just say a words like all the others hotels that I stayed in China! You easily figure that the staff has formation in english and here you don't see young boys and girls working....finally some adults working here!The breakfast was superb with a big room with lots of different food!I sure would comeback to this hotel if I ever came to Shanghai again...hope so :)	
Sep 20 2008 	Fantastic	I can't add much to the previous reviews. This is a superb Hotel. Everything was perfect. So many lovely staff and all dressed so neatly. My room was great although be warned the bathroom has a window straight through to the bedroom. Some might not like this. As I was by myself on business it didn't worry me.Great place to stay if you want to be in the area for some reason. If I was visiting for tourism I would stay in the city.Also as previously mentioned, the Carrefour shopping complex is only a short walk. I ate in the food court a few times to get away from the hotel food. It was quite OK and the menus had English. Lots of variety and very cheap about 50 - 60 RMB with a beer.If you want some cheap clothes, watches, bags etc then the Pearl City shopping centre is about a 20 min walk further. As in a lot of places in China you have to negotiate the price down. Its great fun but play hard as they are very good at it. A good rule of thumb is to never pay anymore than half of what they initially ask, and it is always better to go down even further.	
Sep 19 2008 	A good hotel	Hunked down for a full week in this hotel on a corporate training course, my conclusion is:PLUS:Excellent facilities. An extremely sweet , service-minded and accommodating staff above international average. &quot;OK&quot; food (choice is very good, quality is rather average (no WOW factor - but noodle station is great); modern, pleasant and spacious rooms with all executive needs; walking distance to Pearl Market and Carrefour shopping mall and food court.Good conference facilities with excellent service and catering. Nice surrounding gardens for breaks. The Bund is a 20-30 minute taxi ride away.MINUS:The beds are hard!Internet is slow. Not the hotel's fault - you feel like 25 people are at all times checking each page you visit....The buffet varies little, Shanghai style cousine which may for many westerners be a challenge as all meat dishes are &quot;bones and fat&quot; included. There are however always good alternatives a la carte.	
Jul 28 2008 	Business in Shanghai Area	This is a beautiful hotel, and an oasis for people who have little to no Chinese ability. It is staffed with impeccably dressed and polite staff. After a few days of getting to know the staff, I asked an employee who had very fluent English how she managed to speak so comfortably. She told me the hotel staffed many students currently studying English as part of their business curriculum in nearby universities. These positions were like internships that gave them the chance to practice their conversational English. What luck for me! My Mandarin is BARELY usable. Hongqiao (&quot;hong-chow&quot;) is an area outside of the incredibly congested Shanghai. If you are looking for Shanghai tourism, stay closer to the Bund. If you need to get somewhere outside of the city, stay here so you don't have to fight traffic leaving/returning to the city. The most convenient thing about this hotel is that it is immediately next to a 7-story food/shopping complex. Plenty of prepared food can be found in the lower level &quot;food court&quot;; and groceries, clothing, toiletries, liquor, and souveniers are abundant. Just don't look for English speakers in the shopping complex. The only issue I had when there, was my travel agent was quoted a different price (by a LOT), and there wasn't anyone there willing to discuss how this happened, nor able to give me the price quoted. We were unable to compromise, and I ended up agreeing to paying about $100 USD per night more than planned, so check your price on the paperwork when checking in! This hotel was WAY EXPENSIVE for China, but very worth it if you can afford it. Quick warning: If you wander outside, the immediate area is pretty safe, but stay on the street side of the billboards. You are not welcome behind them by the people living in the spaces &quot;painted over&quot; by the city!	
Apr 30 2008 	Good Experience!	Stayed one night at the Millenium-Very nice hotel, modern decor, and clean. Most of the staff spoke english, which is always nice.Breakfast was included with my rate and I had the buffet. It was pretty good and had a fairly wide selection of items. I was surprised to see a putting green outside my window. I didn't get a chance to use it or see pool or gym.I stayed here for business, but it was within walking distance to shopping. Carrefour was next door.The hotel is pretty far south of the Bund and the Pudong area (tv tower), but if I recall correctly the hotel has a shuttle to those areas.	
Dec 29 2007 	I would Highly reccommend this to any traveller.	I stayed at this Hotel with 2 of my girlfriends,we had adjoining rooms that were spacious clean and very modern with a view of the surrounding city from a ceiling to floor windows. Our checkin/checkout was seemless. Cost was @ $800AUD including fantastic buffet breakfast for 6 days. Great value! The nearby supermarket was handy for ATM and personal items. Here in Shanghai you must be prepared to catch cabs form A-B .This is not an expensive way to travel but is the easiest way to get around, public transport is too complicated. Getting taxis from our Hotel was no trouble, peak hour traffic is a nightmare, which is practically 24.7. There is no catering for tourism in any of the Hotels in Shanghai. You must go with a clear idea of what you want to do and where you want to go. No brochures appear in the foyer of any of the Hotels. The staff of our Hotel were very helpful in directing us and in turn telling our cab drivers were to take us in there language. Always carry a card from the Hotel where you are staying that has the mud map of where you are to be returned to! A lot of the taxi drivers are illiterate so make sure they absolutely know where they are to take you.	
Jul 9 2007 	Good place to stay	Good hotel to stay in Shanghai. Only thing is it is bit difficult to get a cab from the hotel, cab drivers don't come in too often, we had to walk to near by intersection to wave down a cab, lot more cabs at the near by intersection. Overall, it is a great hotel.	
May 24 2007 	Good 	Just stayed there while on biz trip last week. Got a very good rate, about 800 RMBThe hotel is located in Hong Qiao, an expat area. It's just beside a Carrefour and shopping centre, so convenient if you want to do a bit of shopping. But it's situated quite a distance from Xintiandi, the Bund, Huaihai Rd and the central shopping areas. But I was travelling out of Shanghai, so the location was convenient since I would avoid the traffic in the business districtThe hotel is new, just opened in Oct 2006 according to the hotel staff. Lobby is rather grand, with 3 restaurants. Only tried the chinese restaurant and it's not bad. Less oily and salty than some of the other chinese restaurants I tried in China. Food in the hotel is quite highly priced. Was upgraded to a club room. The room is quite big and well furnished. The sockets on the desk has a multi-adapter, so convenient for travellers who need to use laptop or charge phone. bed's comfy and the bathroom is nice too. It was a rather nice stay and I would stay there again	
Apr 24 2007 	Good hotel just a little out of the action	This is a great hotel in many ways, the rooms are large and up to the minute with flatscreen TVs, superb bathrooms with monsoon shower heads and comfy beds plus there are an impressive aray of dining choices and a decent gym. While the staff dont speak flawless English, they make up for it by being very customer service focused and enthusiastic and proud of their hotel. On the cons side, its just far away from the Shanghai action, a good 30 min taxi ride from the Bund/French Concession etc and while that will not set you back more than 35 yuan it makes taking an impulsive stroll somewhat more difficult. That said if you want to be near Hongqiao airport or the expat districts, this is a good bet. It might also come in handy as a back stop when Shanghai's big 5star names fill up in the popular months	
Aug 13 2009 	????????		
Mar 10 2009 	????????????		
Feb 28 2009 	?????????????????????		
Feb 6 2009 	???????		
Oct 16 2008 	???????????		
