Sep 27 2009 	Best Service ever!!! Incredible Staff	Very helpful staff!! made our stay unforegettable experience.... Well Done!	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice and enjoyable business hotel	This hotel is a bargin! Its quite new. Wonderful bed. Nicely decorated room, decent shower.	
Jul 14 2009 	Best thing - Location. Worst thing - Location	I stayed in this hotel on the business trip. Rooms are comfortable and modern with a nice LCD TV and free wired Internet. Like the bathtub and all the amenities. The hotel is new after all. The only complaint about the room is the air conditioning blows right into your face so I ended up switching off the air conditioning in these hot summer nights. The best part of the hotel as many reviewers mentioned is the convenient location in downtown and near shopping and restaurants and subway. The worst part is also the location. It is at a busy intersection and shanghai drivers lover their horns. So you will be woken up at 6AM whether you like it or not. Also there is a huge construction site across the street so if the traffic does not wake you up the bulldozers and cranes will. Another down side is the elevators on the south end of the hotel is frequently used by staff and housekeeping so expect a long wait. North end elevators are fine.	
Jun 28 2009 	Exceeded expectations	The hotel is across the street from Four Seasons and two blocks away from Nanjing Lu. Starbucks is just downstairs and there are 24/h convenient stores, ATM and bakery just a block away. Walking distant to restaurants, DVD stores on Dagu Road and the club, SIN, is across the street. The hotel lobby is new and modern, but hotel staff are slightly weird (one of them couldn't stop staring at me). The room has a comtemporary feel to it and is nice and clean. internet is free, but wired. The room service menu after 11:30pm is sad with just 7 choices. But for RMB 630 nett/night on the weekends, it's a real bargin (Four seasons across the street charge RMB 1700/night +taxes). If you crave a cheaper option stil, check out Hanting Express down Shimen Road for around RMB300/night)	
May 7 2009 	A new concept of suites in the heart of Shanghai...	So many hotels in Shanghai and so many competitors too...Shanghai has everything to propose for spoiled travellers as me...Was very impressed by this hotel especially about the location, cannot find better... located at the opposite of Four Seasons Hotel and at few steps from the famous People Square.Rooms, well we need to say more suites are impeccable, well designed with nice furniture, color shades and excellent amenities, really appreciated the bedding, lighting and the large list of TV channels. The complimentary internet access and Wi Fi thru the hotel is a plus.Staff and services are fine especially security and doormen who will assist you at anytime for a taxi and many things we need when we are in a hotel.Good job and not easy to be different in Shanghai...	
Apr 30 2009 	Not bad for the price and location	I stayed for eight days to visit friends and meet business contacts. I set my expectations low based on limited reviews online. The room rates were reasonable at the time and internet connection was included (wired. no wifi in rooms). The location is across the street from Four Seasons. It's 5 minutes walk to Nanjing Lu subway station. Central enough to walk to most attractions around Shanghai. It’s one of the main reasons I selected this hotel versus others of similar quality.Overall, the lobby and facilities are just 'ok'. Nothing grand. The details and the layout seemed a bit off. Once I got into the room however, I was impressed. The room I received looks to be 1 of 2 unique room layouts (see photos). The windows span the length of the room which is very nice. Bathroom details were modern, very nice and clean. Towels were big, soft and comfortable. The bed was great. Sheets and pillows very comfortable. Lounge chair and work desk were well placed, modern and convenient. The windows were operable in the bedroom and bath which allows fresh air (Shanghai Fresh) to circulate. Since I previously lived in Shanghai, I never requested room service or required much assistance. Overall, service was good. I could tell that the people were still being trained and they are trying to maintain high standards. It wasn't perfect (staff at the door were not always personable or outwardly friendly) but the front desk and individual encounters with staff were good. Even the cleaning lady by the elevator greeted us (ni hao) unexpectedly and reveals some training to welcome and greet guests. I'd give special credit to the bell boy (Mr. Smith) for getting the room in order and finding umbrellas during a downpour. The room was well cleaned daily. They never knocked when the ‘do not disturb’ light was on. The gym is adequate. I used is one of the three treadmills during my stay. The outdoor tennis court was nice. I looked for the basement pool but got lost trying to locate it. Based on the quality of the room, I'd recommend this hotel to friends who were looking for a decent hotel though I caution about the construction across the street.Notes of Caution: (1)There is construction currently in progress in front of the hotel. It looks like its just getting started. Expect some noise. It was tolerable while I was there though it did continue past 10pm. The Four Seasons guest also have to put up with the same thing but they're probably paying at least 2x more. (2) There is a whiskey lounge bar next door (same building but separate entrance). Although it’s on the ground floor, you can hear singing and music up to the 20th floor. (3) all rooms seem to allow smoking. There was no odor in my room though this may change as it seeps into the carpet and curtains. (4) The signage &quot;Howard Johnsons&quot; is tiny. Coming from the airport, you might not know you have arrived at the right location since even taxi drivers are just getting familiar with the hotel name.	
Mar 26 2009 	Practical business hotel reasonably convenient with limited amenities	Convenience - doesn't even offer the most basic service of currency exchange, staff said the hotel has `just opened' in December so service wasn't ready yet, though it's already been three months. Location - none of the cab drivers recognized the name of the hotel. Better tell them it's opposite Four Seasons Hotel. Don't expect much to see around the area for shopping/sightseeing. Restaurant - getting lunch/dinner is a problem. only one restaurant (cafe) in the entire hotel, which serves buffet breakfast. Dinner is not impressive at all - below average Western and Asian dishes with a three-page menu. Disappointing for the price charged at a four-to-five-star hotel. Starbucks right next door.Hotel staff said there are cheap food stalls selling local snacks within 5-10 mins walk. Haven't seen for myself though.Service - Marco at the concierge was exceptionally helpful. Offered to help my family to buy a meal from local restaurants nearby. Brought back scrumptious food within 10 mins. On another instance, I was trying to check a boutique that I saw in Beijing but a staff only asked me to look around local department stores without offering more help. Deluxe rooms aren't spacious at all, looking over new residential building. But a clean, nice bathroom compensated part of that.Huge plus is all guests are required to insert room key in the elevator to access to all floors to ensure security. If you are just looking for a safe, comfortable place to stay and dont require much amenities, go for this one.Taxi to hotel from airport costs about RMB 150.	
Sep 25 2009 	Buon hotel ma un pò fuori mano		
