Nov 4 2009 	Surprised!	Stayed at Shanghai Pullman Skyway on Oct 14 and 16..was really impressed by the sizes of the rooms on both stays! HUGE rooms with the comfy queen's sized bed and the toilet was sooo clean! The size of the room really threw me off guard...tv was good as well, with a wide selection of channels. It's about 15 min walk from Luban station, almost 40 minute cabride from Pudong airport. Breakfast at Zafraan was disappointing...the view from Le Ciel was awesome though.	
Oct 23 2009 	best hotel in shanghai	We stayed last weekend in this hotel, me, my husband, our son and my parents.We arrived at 10 a.m. but they were able to give us one room an managed to give us the second one on the same floor, as we asked.The hall is very kitsch! You won't forget it! Take a look at the lamps in the whole hotel: really really bad taste!! Kind of funny..But the room (normal one) is huge, plenty of space for a baby bed and for our son to crawl around. Very new and modern, with comfortable bed, desk and chairs. The bathroom is also very spaciuos with bath tub and shower.The only negative thing was the concierge: we asked for directions and she sent us exactly in the opposite direction.. so after that we just consulted our map and didn't ask anything!Breakfast has a lot of good pastries, chinese food, sushi, eggs, bacons, fruits.. pretty much anything you like. And you have a very nice view from the 49th floor.The location is very good: you can walk to Huai Huai Lu and Xi Tiandi. Takes about 15-20 minutes to get to Pudong by taxi.We have been in many different hotels in Shanghai, but this is for me the best one, because it is new, prices are low, rooms are very big and the location is good.Oh! Parking is also complimentary, never happened before in Shanghai!Internet is also complimentary and worked fine, could skype with Austria in good quality.	
Oct 20 2009 	disappointed	I decided to stay at pullman because of the positive reviews I saw. but ended up with a less than satisfactory stay. I'm writing this review from my hotel room.I had previously stayed in other pullman hotels and had good experiences.Pros:1)good location2) relatively new3) executive room is bigCons:1) unstable internet connection - my internet connection was intermittent. (staying in executive floor room)when i called the operator, she said nothing she can do, need to wait for IT dept to come in at 9am the following day. to me, stable internet connection is a basic requirement for a hotel catering to business clients. and most other hotels I've stayed in have IT help on call but not this one.2) as I was still breastfeeding my kid, I brought my cooler bag and also expressed milk during my trip. as the hotel room fridge is only a cooler and not a proper bar fridge, I requested the hotel staff to help me keep my milk(which have been packed and sealed properly in a cooler bag) in the hotel frrezer. They said no, can't do that. which is the first in the few 5 star hotels I've visited. and made similar requests. after I kicked up a fuss, threaten to see the manager and luckily I'm fluent in mandarin, they finally relented. but the damage is done. I left feeling very upset.3) water temperature in the shower is unstable. I tried to take a shower and the water keep shifting from very hot to cold and that made taking a shower quite uncomfortable. 4) Bed was not comfortable. It's similar to the type of beds (i.e. hard) in chinese run 5 star hotels, catering more to the local chinese preferences. 5) when I tried to call operator a few times. I had to wait very long.... they should have more pple manning the line!	
Aug 1 2009 	Amazing hotel in a great area	I have just spent 10 nights in this hotel and will stay here again. This hotel is still being transformed by Accor into a Pullman and every change they are making is a good one.Check in was easy, I found the desk staff courteous and efficient and have to thank Rainbow who was the duty manager, she made a error on behalf into a positive situation – I was very impressed.We were in a junior suite which was very comfortable, a good size, good bathroom with separate shower and a very comfortable bed. I generally stay at Sofitel but am a Pullman convert. Pullman is not a family oriented hotel, which we appreciate, so nice not to have rug rats around.We used the hotel restaurants and found the dinner buffet good value and a new seafood buffet was launched why we were there, good variety of seafood and non seafood dished, any buffet offering Beijing Duck is a winner with me, although the dishes do change daily. Breakfast was good and we enjoyed the eclipse from the restaurant – great views, but after a few days we started skipping breakfast and going to the dum sum buffet in the Chinese Restaurant on level 3, it is popular and really good value, good food and great service. The service in all restaurants was food.The Hotel is in a good location, walking distance to a few supermarkets, plenty of restaurants and a short cab ride to any of the city sites it is a short walk to Taikang Lu and the former residence of Sun Yat-sen two Shanghai must sees. There is also a subway station opening in this area soon which will be a bonus, but taxies are still easier and very reasonable. Luwan is a good area and has a lot to offer, the French Concession is well worth taking the time to explore.We enjoyed our stay and are already planning our return trip and will stay in the Pullman again.	
Jul 30 2009 	One of the best hotels we have ever stayed in!	From entering the spacious lobby we saw that this was something special but when we saw our room we thought that there had been some mistake as it seemed that we had been allocated a small suite! Luxurious massive extra king-sized bed with plenty of room to store cases, bags, cameras etc. etc.The bathroom was out of this world and provided a panoramic view of the city (we were on the 33rd floor) from a bath with an unobstructed view through massive windows. Service was fantastic from breakfasts on the 49th floor to a cozy bar on the 50th floor which enjoyed probably one of the best views of a city we have ever seen. Staff were always friendly and even though few spoke English we were always able to make ourselves understood with little effort on our part.Swimming pool looked amazingly welcoming but unfortunately we didn't have time to use it!Overall we would highly recommend this hotel for tourists and probably business clients as they had extensive conference facilities. Staying here really put the shine on an already fascinating visit to China.	
Jul 29 2009	You're in good hands here.	Unlike some places in China, the Pullman doesn't merely look like a good hotel; it really is a good hotel. Everything works, the staff are knowledgeable and helpful and the food is OK. The restaurant and carvery serve wines from all over the world, wines you have heard of. No sign of Great Wall or Goldenball (this is good). They do room service and that's good. The hotel has its own minibuses which work out cheaper than taxies if you want to go out as a small group. This is a proper hotel.	
Jul 24 2009 	Really enjoyed this lovely hotel	We had 2 seperate 3 night stays at this hotel with our 3 small children and enjoyed our time at the Pullman. The first night we arrived the property was full and we were unable to get the connecting rooms that we had requested but the following day we were upgraded to connecting executive rooms. The rooms are very nice and very spacious. We had rooms on 39th floor so the views were great. Bathrooms were beautful with seperate shower and baths (i would prefer that there was a wall between bathroom and the room which there wasn't in the executive rooms but they did have a curtain). Breakfast on the 49th floor was good but a bit expensive. Rooms Service Menu was also expensive with no real options for the kids. We had a babysitter (Anna &amp; Gretta) arranged through housekeeping on 2 occasions which the kids enjoyed. One of the nights we went upstairs to the Blue Bar (50th floor) which was beautiful. Around the hotel there were quite a few really good local restuarants well within walking distance. Taxis were easy enough to get and cheap. Metro was not too far but Taxi's were easier. We were really glad we picked the Pullman, Staff were excellent and we enjoyed our stay.	
Jun 26 2009 	A fantastic hotel that will only get better once the new Metro line opens	I finished a recent trip around China with 3 nights in the Pullman Skyway, as a little treat to myself.I arrived at the hotel at around 10.30am, after a 12 hour overnight train journey from Beijing so was desperately in need of a shower! I didn't even need to ask the receptionist if an early check-in was possible as she immediately assigned my room (and upgraded me to a suite!)The hotel itself has only been open since April, it occupies the top half of a new 50 storey tower. If you've stayed in a Pullman before, you'll know that they're along the lines of a modernised Sofitel and this one certainly didn't disappoint. They also include free internet connection in your room rate, so no paying obscene access charges in your room. The Health Club and Swimming Pool is also very nice, and was certainly welcome after a long day in the smog, heat and humidity of Shanghai.The staff are very attentive, without appearing pushy, and were only too happy to give me a rundown of their city as a first time traveller.The only negative thing I could say about the hotel is that the Metro stop is currently about a 10-15 minute walk. However, as with most things in Shanghai, the Metro is expanding rapidly and a new line is shortly opening that will be around a 2 minute walk from the hotel, so this will certainly rectify that.As for location, it's slightly to the West of the centre, so the journey to Nanjing St (the main shopping area, and heart of Shanghai) takes around 10-15 minutes by taxi or Metro.I'd certainly recommend this hotel, you can't fail to be impressed by it.	
Jun 20 2009 	Not worthy Pullman brand	This hotel has changed management to Pullman, and has a long way to go before it lives up to this. Rooms are quite big with large bathrooms. Apart from that both the rooms and the rest of the hotel is very impersonal. Worst part is the restaurants, absolutely no atmosphere, unless you consider blue lighting nice. Feels more like an apartment complex with some mediocre sterile restaurants. Breakfast average, too low capacity compared to the size of the hotel and helpless service. Kind of in the middle of nowhere. Would not recommend it. There is a reason the price is not too high.	
Jun 20 2009 	Not a good experience	If you are an A-Club member don't bother asking for an upgrade as they don't understand the rules at all. I spent 45 minutes at check in with my platinum card, requested an upgrade and 4 staff members later was told it was not in the rules. The food is very average. The buffet never changes except for the carvery dish, which seems to alternate on consecutive evenings. Very boring and very average. Waited 40 minutes for a glass of wine which seems to come from a differnt floor. The service was terrible constantly, and we twice witnessed a concierge staff member who we knick named &quot;Rocky&quot;, assaulting guests, who we think were jumping a taxi line. Rocky wouldn't leave things. After his initial pushing, shoving and abuse in chinese he would walk away and then return to the guest who was doing nothing for another go ! It was unbelievable. This happenned twice and the rest of the staff just looked on giggling. Not a nice place to stay and not the usual pullman standard.	
Jun 14 2009 	Average in comparison with other Pullman in SEA	Stayed at a number of other Pullman's, but the Skyway is well below the standard of the ones in Xian and Bangkok.Positive:Nice recreational facilitiesComplimentary internet accessGreat views on high floorsNice bathroomsNegative:Club floor rooms are not worth the money, small and bland roomsFront line staff not overly helpful (asked for the nearest Starbucks and was given three times different directions by the same person)Club lounge canapes poor in quality and quanitityVery limited English TV chanelsOverall not up to the standard of other Pullmans, but maybe I am just spoiled after staying at the fantastic Xian and Bangkok Pullmans	
Jun 9 2009 	perfect hotel	This is a truely unexpected and unbeliavable experience! The hotel was great, the rooms were clean and tidy beyond expectation! the service was good as well. The environment was superb! Deco was modern and attractive. Though the food in the restaurant was not as 5 stars as it suppose to be but the environment compensate the whole thing!	
May 24 2009 	Probably the Best I'll Stay in My Life!	I stayed here for about 3 nights in May 2009, as part of a tour I took with China Spree. We stayed here unexpectantly, China Spree arranged it at the last minute for whatever reason and I am sooo happy they did. The hotel was not only the best one I stayed on the tour, but probably will be the best I'll ever stay in my lifetime! The hotel seems to cater to traveling professionals/executives, with conference/meeting rooms on the 2nd floor. The lobby is fantastic and impressive, with a huge color-changing chandelier thing on the ceiling and a large fish tank behind reception/concierge.The service at the hotel was also excellent. I was really impressed that they treated everyone so well (and I was far from dressed as a professional, I dressed pretty backpacker-ish in cargo pants and t-shirts). From the bell boys to the restaurant staff, I've never been so well-received as a guest. The rooms were great! I had a single and the bed was deliciously comfortable, which is rare in China, where most beds are pretty stiff. This one was just perfect--not too stiff, not too soft. Room for me was quite large too. Showers were really nice too, and good English/Chinese selection on TV. For the most part, I really thought my room was super clean, the only bad thing was on my last night while lying around watching TV, I found a clipped toe nail in my sheets. :( Definitely not mine, but that was the single bad thing I found with the hotel...The breakfast buffet is pretty good, and better yet it's up on the 49th floor! Or 50th...somewhere high on top so you can get a great view of the city. Don't bother getting goods at the bakery on the first floor, you can get them at the breakfast buffet! Food was a mix of Chinese and American continental.Pool was indoor, I didn't go in but checked it out and looked nice. There are also gym/spa facilities.Internet is quite expensive. I forget the price, but whatever they charged for 15 min. was the same of what Guilin/Xian charged for like an hour or so! Location--can't really comment since we had a shuttle bus to take us around the city. But taxis are everywhere and cheap.I would highly recommend the Pullman Shanghai Skyway Hotel! It was a nice 'luxurious' stay to the end of my 2 week trip around China!	
May 19 2009 	lovely new efficient hotel	had 2 nights here - the rooms are large and comfortable with spectacular views - especially the 50th floor restuarant .bit away from downtown	
Apr 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We enjoyed our stay at Pullman Shanghai. The Deluxe room was huge and equipped with every amenity expected of a 5 star hotel and most of all comfortable beds. The location may be a bit far off from the subway line but it didn't bother us as taxi was an easy and expensive to travel around. The Luwan District was quite centrally located and in close proximity all hotpots in Shanghai.Will definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Feb 2 2009 	Convenient and Comfortable	I was born in Shanghai and now residing in Taiwan. I really enjoyed every minute staying at this new hotel with my wife and kids during my recent visit back in Shanghai. It is, from a Shanghainese point of view, one of the most convenient hotels in town, given its easy access to city centre, freeway, railway station, and commercial district, all within 15-20 min drive. The rooms are well-designed and decorated with large bathroom, better than any of the 5-star hotels nearby. The only pity maybe the price of beverages a bit higher than average, with a bottle of Evian costing RMB 50.	
Dec 1 2008 	Best location on PuXi side	This hotel has the best location on Puxi side, 10 mins taxi ride to Xintindi(dining and entertainment district) and walk distance to art and design area call Bridge 8 and Tianzifang. 20mins taxi ride from Hongqiao domestic airport and 45mins taxi ride from Pudong international airport. Hotel has a beautiful lobby and nice outdoor cafe. Breakfast serve the best donut in China, I have to say it's better than Dunkin Donuts. Bar on 48 floor also offer nice view of Shanghai. There is a Cantonese style restaurant around the corner open 24 hours, good place for quick lunch or late night snack.Room is very clean and modern, staffs are very friendly. I have stayed at many 4~5 stars hotels in Shanghai, Skyway offer the best of all. I had a great experience during my 4 days stay.	
Nov 17 2008	Excellent Beautiful Hotel	We stayed here with our tour group ChinaSpree for 3 nights in November. Beautiful hotel, clean nice, quiet room and beautiful bathroom. Everyone from the front desk to the maids were wonderful. They ran out of my husband's beer and told him they would have it back by the next night when we showed up they did not have it but the hostess went to the store and brought some back for him. Easy cab ride to everything - Shanghai Acrobats, The Bund, The Knock off market, the Bazaar and the Jade Buddah Temple and the Shanghai Museum. Would definitely recomend and the breakfast was wonderful with french pastries, sushi, western items - yummy! Highly reccomend. Any questions - I would be happy to answer them for you.	
Nov 12 2008 	Could not fault it	We stayed here in October 2008 and were highly impressed with the Skyway. Firstly, the staff - they were all so friendly, helpful and eager to help, from the housekeepers to the receptionists to the porters. I don't think I have been anywhere so welcoming!They helped with where to go, even drawing a map to the nearest pharmacy and translating 'asprin' for me on a card to present to the staff in the chemist ( I had a banging headache at the time!).The hotel itself is in a good location - we never waited long for a taxi (which is such a cheap way to get around) - by the way, ask for the attractions card from reception. You can then present this to the taxis drivers when you want to get somewhere. It was spotlessly clean, the room spacious (it was a deluxe room but the price was not much more than standard).Nice plasma screen, high quality furnishings, lots of attention to detail. Above all, its exceptional value for a hotel of this standard.	
Apr 12 2008 	good new First Class Hotel	the Skyway Landis Hotel seems to be pretty new. The staff still struggles with the service but is extremly friendly. The restaurants in the hotel are average, the bar ok but always practically empty. The rooms are very nice and modern.I have selected this hotel for business reasons , so if you have business to do in this area of SHA then it is for sure the best choice. It is as well in walking distance to the &quot;old&quot; part of Shanghai with many great restaurants (western food as well) and many little butiques. Actually found in this corner of SHA the best Italian Restaurant you can find in SHA (called Pasta &amp; Pizza).	
Dec 31 2007 	Reasonable place to stay in Shanghai	Stayed here for two nights during a weekend trip. Landis is a good Taiwanese hotel chain, and this is a brand new property in Shanghai. The hotel is tall and the colorful top can be seen from far away at night.Rooms are very large and comfy, with soothing decor. However the details in the decor are poor if u look beneath the surface. Service was a little lacking as it was still new when I stayed.Location was OK but not the most convenient.	
Oct 27 2007 	Nice new hotel that can hold its own against the big names	The Landis properties in Taiwan are usually very good (perhaps the best hotel chain no one has ever heard of?), so this was a natural choice, even more so because the price was right. The rooms were big and the food was great. They are still working out some kinks since this is a new hotel (i.e. not all of the restaurants are open, but the breakfast buffet on the 49th floor is very good). The gym is a little bit on the small size for a swanky property of this scale, but big enough, plus the pool is huge, with a view of a neighboring park. The Parriss buffet in the basement is a seafood lovers dream (and a seafood haters nightmare).The only big negative I found is the smoking issue, but this seems to be this way everywhere in Shanghai. The non-smoking restaurant sections seem to still get lots of smoke. My non-smoking room still had matches and an ashtray in it (but did not smell like smoke at all). Also, the staff's English skills seem to be lacking, and non-Mandarin speakers might have some trouble with housekeeping, etc.. The maid left a rag in my sink, but no big deal and she apologized profusely when I saw her and handed it back to her in the hallway. This hotel is located in an upscale residential area, but taxi rides to Pudong and major eating/shopping centers were quick and cheap.	
Aug 4 2007 	Exceptional Service - Well Priced!	This is a stunning hotel which would be in the top 10 hotels in Shanghai....It doesn't seem to ever have many guests given that it is still new and hasn't built up such a reputation as of yet but having paid US$100 each night on a discounted booking website you really can't go wrong.The best hotels in Shanghai are the Hyatt, the Meridien Royal, the Shangri-la and the Westin on the bund. However, it would be difficult to find these below US$250-300 a night. This is not the case with Skyway Landis which offered a very good international 5 star hotel (high level rooms, e.g. 30th-50th floors, a large indoor pool, sauna, gym etc and good service from the staff).....Would definately return to this hotel for good service and a reasonably well priced stay in what is otherwise cheap Shanghai....	
Jul 11 2007 	Good hardware but bad software	For being a newly opened 5-star hotel, it used all high class hardware (i.e. sanitary facilities, and a 42&quot; LCD TV of &quot;Panasonic etc.), the location is also very good and near the city center. However, the services provided (software) needs a lot to be improved. I requested the reception whether I can have a late checkout at 1430 a day before checkout, and they said alright. So, I go out for some shopping before leaving Shanghai. Unfortunately, when I got back to my room at 1300, my door key is inactivated and when I asked a housekeeper that floor whether she can open the door for me to put those stuffs into my room first and then I would go to the reception to see what had happened, she refused to do anything and urged me to the reception. Then, I was carrying all my stuffs and went back to the reception at ground floor. I asked them whether my keys were incabable of open the door because of the late checkout? And their answer very promptly was &quot;Yes, it does.&quot; They thought it was usual and no guilty to asked a client to re-activite their door card after usual checkout time even he had had asked them for this favour just last night.Things to remember : 1) the degree showed on the monitor of the air conditioning is not trustable, when it indicated that the room temperature was 27 Celcius, the actual temperature was much lower, bewared to have a cold.2)they only provide feather quilted cover and you will properly get all wet by sweating at the middle of nights!God Bless everyone who are going to take this hotel!	
Jul 11 2007 	??????????		
