	Very happy service	We always travel, and stayed in many hotels, what I really liked was the very helpful and happy staff !!	
	Fantastic View	Two words, “Awesome View”. Given the amount of high rise buildings in Shanghai, the location of this tower had 360 degrees of unobstructed view of the city. Lobby starts on 38th floor and the rooms goes up to 60th floor.The room was typical Marriott sized and nicely furnished. Because of extensive food choices around Shanghai, we did not use any of the hotel's restaurants. Having read about all the constructions around the Bund in preparation for 2010 Expo, we were glad we did not chose any hotel near the Bund as it was under construction 24 hours. JW Marriott is centrally located on Nanjing Road West within walking distance to Nanjing Road East, where all the shops are located. The only disappointment was the Tomorrow Square, it turns out not to be a shopping area, but one giant restaurant. Overall, I would recommend the JW Marriott in Shanghai.	
	Great hotel convenient location	We had a great stay - the hotel is very convenient to the subway, which was ideal for us to get around the city quickly. Concierge lounge was good - breakfast included congee, dumplings, selection of pastries, a couple hot dishes, cereals, fruit etc. It doesn't seem like a lot when you look around the room, but there is actually plenty of selection. Hors d'oevres were also good and many a time we would come to the CL for a snack and enjoy the view.Didn't have a chance to try the pool but it looked amazing!One caveat - we had a rollaway bed and my friend found the bed very hard. We asked for 2 extra duvets so she could sleep on top of them - I'm sure housekeeping was very puzzled but we did get them promptly when requested : ) If you need a rollaway, you may wish to reconsider and just get another room.	
Nov 17 2009 	Highly Recommend this Property	Stayed at the hotel for one evening - a Saturday evening - excellent rate. Had not visited shanghai before. simple to get to from the Airport. MagLev train (at 431 KM/hr) to the Metro station - Green Line - several stops to People's Square (4 RMB fare.) Exit the station at Exit #11 (there are close to 20 exits!) and the hotel was right in front of me.I had emailed the Concierge ahead of my arrival to have the travel desk get me a first class train ticket to Suzhou for the following evening. I recieved a call in my room a little after my check in to let me know that the ticked was waiting for me at the travel desk.Did not pay to vist the Lounge on the top floor - did however purchase the breakfast for the following morning. Excellent deal - view.The Nanjing Road is quite an experience for those who have not done it before. Traveling alone and walking the route late in the evening (past the Radisson Hotel) I was approached by more than one lady interested in &quot;having a coffee&quot; with me. Declined gracefully. did follow one individual down a side street to buy a couple of rolex Watches for 140 RMB each. Originally offerred to me at 2000 RMB!.Sad to discover that the real place to shop[ is 580 Nanjing Road - the other direction - towards the center of Shanghai - only about a couple of blocks from the Hotel.Would highly recommend this dictinctive property. Returned for afternoon tea in the 38th floor Lobby at 4.30 PM on my last day in China - the light show on the taller buildings starts at 5 PM. Tea and bread &amp; butter pudding - excellent and not expensive for the view/service. Stop by for tea even if you are not staying in the Hotel.Would highly recommend this property.	
Nov 6 2009 	Somewhat dated and overhyped	On first arrival, we were impressed with the view etc.. but next time I would try another property. First, the overall staff attitude was not as friendly as in other hotels we stayed in China. A purchase of three small bottles of evian water was close to $25 U.S. My room on the 45th floor had an impressive view (if you could see through the air pollution), was nicely decorated, quiet, comfortable, although somewhat dated (picture tube tv). The location, next to Tomorrow Square, was really not an advantage. Shopping on the nearby main shopping street , Nanjing Rd. was annoying with countless people hawking watches, massages, etc.. Go elsewhere in Shanghai for shopping.	
Oct 20 2009 	Perfect place to stay in shanghai	I loved this hotel, it had a near perfect location, close to tomorrows square(where you have to go in the morning to see the locals do their workout), and not to far away from the shopping street. Great concignere who were very helpfull recommending places(everything from what to see, party, eat and shop). The hotell lobby is in the 38th floor which makes it spectacular. I stayed in a regular room which had good space, a ver nice bathroom and a great view. The excutive floor deal was also very nice, free flow of wine, snacks, breakfast(either continental or american) which tasted superb. The facilities at the hotel in general was top notch, the only drawback was no wireless in the our room. We also stayed at a different hotel in the french quarter which was really nice too but, it was felt kinda far away, and kinda &quot;used&quot; even though everything was clean and nice. I'd difinitly recommend the jw mariott for all travelers, leisure or business stay it should be perfect. And there was also always cabs ready outside wihich was helpfull. Just tell the staff outside the hotel to tell the taxi drivers where we'd like to go. we had to use to taxis and they told the cabs to go to the exact same spot which made all the logistics alot eaiser.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fabulous Location and Service	We arrived in Shanghai a few days before meeting up with a scheduled GAP tour of China. This hotel is not only really well located, but it also provides friendly, attentive service, extremely comfortable beds and a level of cleanliness not found in many low budget travel hotels in China. Sadly, we only stayed at the JW Marriott two days, and then had to join our tour group in a horrible hotel two blocks away. We would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Shanghai.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice- But plan on a lot of Elevator time	I stayed here in September and at a rate of 1980 + 300 tax ( approx 370 USD) a night it was about what should be expected. The hotel is modern and the rooms are comfortable. Check -in was efficient and the staff is very friendly ( although not always knowledgeable) Housekeeping does an excellent job both in the daily cleaning and the evening re-fresh. The gym is a decent size, but they keep it very warm so workouts can be uncomfortable. I booked a meeting room on the top floor. When my group arrived, I found that there was no electricity and the projector didn’t work. The staff seemed completely flustered and had no idea what to do. I eventually found an alternative room and told them I was moving. The lobby is on the 38th floor and requires a transfer to another bank of elevators to get to your room. Getting to the gym requires yet another set of elevators. Communication can be an issue. I asked the concierge to make a reservation for me and provide the address to the cab driver. He made the reservation at one location and gave the driver the address for another location. There is a vegetarian restaurant less than 50 meters from the front door (make a left) that’s excellent. They attempt to mimic various meats and do a good job. Continue down that same street to the shopping mall – you’ll find some amazing prices on bags, clothing and watches. Stay away from the buffet off the hotel lobby, its WAY overpriced, it looks like a Dennys and the food quality is average at best. The gelato sold in the lobby is pretty good.	
Oct 4 2009 	smells awesome	The lobby has such a refreshing smell after a long day in Shanghai. Excellent service in excellent location in Shanghai. Our taxi driver dropped us off at the service rear entrance which made for a less than auspicious beginning but as soon as the staff saw us, they whisked our bags away and were terribly attentive. My husband is a gold Marriott member so they upgraded us to a Jr. Ste on something near the 46th floor, I don't remember exactly. The room was great, the view amazing. I never heard another soul when we were in our room. The breakfast had plenty of choices from East to West and the seafood was terrific at breakfast. The bar had nice cocktails with a view and their service was flawless. I would not hesitate to return.	
Sep 27 2009 	Phenominal Service Room Location Food	The service at this Marriot was superb. If I made eye contact with any of the staff, they immediately responded, asking if I needed anything. At one point, I needed to go to a pharmacy to get some medicine. They brought the Hotel Car with a driver and an English speaking Concierge to take me to the pharmacy, help me obtain what I needed and brought me back to the hotel.....at no charge. I've never had a hotel provide that level of service before. The rooms were great, beds very comfortable, bathrooms spotless. Food was excellent. Would not even think of staying in another place next time I am in Shanghai.	
Jul 10 2009 	No better place to stay in Shanghai	Everything about this hotel screams luxury, especially the attentiveness of the staff. The service is incredible. At times it seems that the staff outnumber the guests. There is nothing they won't do for a guest. The room prices are reasonable, given that it is a high end hotel in a major city. It's hard to find a better value anywhere. The rooms are on floors 40-58 and all have spectacular views of the city. Prices in the cocktail lounges and restaurants are a bit pricey, however, because you pay for the views. It's worth it. The hotel is centrally located and close to Nanjing Rd. shopping and the Bund. It's just across from People's Square and the major art museum. It's an easy cab ride to the Pudong business and financial district, and most of the major tourist attractions. You simply mist stay here when in Shanghai.	
Jul 6 2009 	Another Great Stay at the JW Marriott	Second time at this hotel. Really enjoyed this stay as well. They upgraded us to a corner room that had a large sitting area in addition to the bedroom area. The Concierge lounge on the 59th floor is nice. Evening snacks were OK, not great. As a Platinum, could have breakfast in the lounge or the restaurant. Chose the restaurant as it had a nicer buffet - but had coffee each morning in the lounge. Not very busy up there.The hotel's location is perfect - with shopping (580 Nanjing Road West market) just steps away plus the main walking street and the Bund all within a reasonable walk. As always, when traveling to China - make sure you have your hotel name and address written in the local language as the cab drivers seem to have no clue otherwise. Even with that - they can get lost very easily. For dinner - 1221 was awesome. Have the Shanghai noodles.	
Jun 10 2009 	fantastic hotel- one of marriott's best great location superb people	This hotel is one of the best I have stayed in for a long time. It is one of the few in the world I would recommend to anyone and would def go back to if in Shanghai again. Location is smack bang in the middle of Shanghai (and not on the busy, traffic ridden Pudong side where some hotels are eg Hyatt.. avoid as a nightmare zone currently- as is the Bund area as construction going on for next year's world expo ruining one of the only nice parts of Shanghai for the time being...)I was albeit upgraded to the top (59th) floor with access to the exec lounge (gold card holder which helps). The room had the most amazing views (altho of one of my least favourite cities in the world...) and was very well designed with a coffee machine and other niceties. Large, comfortable, great bathroom. The exec lounge (along with that of J W Marriott Beijing) is also one of the best of any Marriott. Fantastic selection of food and drink (which will save you a lot as wine etc is not cheap in this city) and computers to get internet access. Worth paying to get access as you can have breakfast and probably enough to eat and drink in the evenings- so it pays for itself. Plus continual fresh fruit juices, coffees etc during the day... If you do venture to the 38th floor restaurant (also the lobby floor) for breakfast- a fabulous selection and excellent service. There are other restaurants in the hotel- including a chinese one and an American one (given the number of American business people in the hotel- prob popular) but a huge amount outside as well.The concierge desk is staffed by excellent and helpful people. As is the reception. They are also friendly.There is a pricey Mandara spa in the hotel- but offering promotions as obviously not getting enough business. It is good but average. Even with promos- expensive for what it is. The hotel is one of the few having an outside pool- nothing too spectacular but by China standards where most pools are inside it is good and if the weather is ok and not mega polluted (a few days of the year?) good for a quick swim or sunbathe.My tip? Shanghai is not a great place to go to- and if going as a tourist- not a huge amount to see. You can easily do everything in Shanghai of interest in less than a day, then the garden/canal areas for a day trip outside? So despite the fantastic hotel- I would not recommend staying too long in this soul-less polluted city....	
Jun 6 2009 	Wow!	This is by far the best hotel I have stayed at in China, if not all of Asia. It is absolutely beautiful, modern yet traditional, and the staff are could not help you more if they tried. Check-in is quick and efficient. The last time I stayed, I left some cosmetics in my room, which housekeeping kept for 3 months for me until I returned. I have had so much help with everything I asked for, from booking train tickets to borrowing an umbrella.The breakfast has an overwhelming choice: fresh fruit smoothies, waffles or eggs made/cooked in front of you, and a baffling array of pastries, juices, dimsum, cereals that caters to practically every taste and diet possible.The gym is really well equipped with sufficient amounts of weights and cardio machines, a fabulous indoor pool, jacuzzi, sauna and steam rooms that it is almost rude not to use it.The bathroom is great with a massage shower and plenty of products. The bed is so comfortable - beyond description.This hotel was in a great location for work, but with plenty to do after hours as well. It is pricey, but the facilities, staff and location make this worthwhile, and make me want to stay for far longer than 3 nights.	
May 27 2009 	Great hotel - close to "real" and "knock off" shopping	The JW Marriott Shanghai has been and continues to be a hotel that I appreciate and love for the quite, clean rooms and great service. Located on the busy Nanjing West Road (Nanjing Xi Lu), this 60 story hotel/apartment complex is close to where I need to be as well as shopping (and knock off shopping – read below), and sights in Shanghai (the Bund is only about 10 minutes away by Taxi). If you are going to Shanghai for business, you might want to pick a hotel close to your offices as you can (and likely will) spend a lot of (lost) time in taxis given the traffic. Check in is on floor 38, the hotel itself is 60 floors total. If you happen to be Marriott Gold or Platinum, the executive lounge is on 59 and has some great views. One minor point is that they don’t allow you to have a guest on the executive lounge without paying extra. The hotel has nice rooms, a good bed, and high quality service that one can come to expect in South East Asia. The service level at this hotel is quite high – and is very consistent throughout all the floors and functions. Restaurants in Hotel: The breakfast (if included in your rate or if you are Gold/Platinum) is well stocked, has a wide variety of foods and is quite good. However, for 190 RMB ($28 USD) I don’t find it a good value, and have found it to be far too expensive for my tastes. The restaurant in the hotel is similar, good food but at a price that can easily be beat by just going down to the street and getting a recommendation from the staff. Getting To Hotel: Getting to the hotel from the airport is about a 150 RMB taxi ride, or if you are “rich” you can schedule a pick up in an Audi A6 via the hotel itself for a mere 690 RMB. China is unusually safe as a country, and I recommend the local taxi for the lower rate (even for first time travelers to China) assuming that there is some degree of adventure/interest. Before you travel, print out the hotel you are going to from the web, or alternatively, after you land, there are desks in the arrival lobby after your baggage claim and you can have someone write your hotel in Chinese (just in case your taxi driver doesn’t understand English). It takes about 50 minutes, depending on the traffic. Getting to Hotel – Maglev (magnetic levitation train) . As an alternative, (and if you have never done this before – you should) you can take the Shanghai Maglev Train from the Airport to Long Yang Road station. The Maglev train runs about every 15 minutes from the airport, and travels at speeds up to 430 KPH (250 miles per hour – top speed varies somewhat by time of day). It takes about 6 to 8 minutes to go from the airport to Long Yang Road station, and then about another 20 to 30 minutes by taxi (about 50 RMB for taxi) from there to the hotel. Cost of the train is 40 RMB (posted as 50 RMB, not sure why it was 40 RMB), and is well worth the tourist experience. About half way between the airport and the station, you will pass the Maglev train going in the other direction and it sounds a bit like a sonic boom. Eating Out - I have looked for local restaurants late at night after arriving at the hotel. On my prior visits, I left the exit going right, and circled the block taking right hand turns. Of course, there is a McDonalds directly across the street, but who goes to China for McDonalds? This time, I exited LEFT out of the main exit, crossed Nanjing West Road, then turned slightly to the Right. Just past the Porsche dealership/showroom, take the first street to the LEFT. Go one block, and you will find a number of restaurants open to 2AM (this is at most a 5 minute walk). I ate in two different ones, and you can get a great meal for a fraction of what the Marriott will charge on the 40th floor. A bit of caution as these restaurants seem to function mostly in Chinese (marginal English) although they did have menus with photographs and it is fun to try out your Chinese skills. I enjoyed the food here over the more sterile (yes, perhaps a double entendre) restaurants in the Marriott. I recommend this experience for those with a bit of adventure, or those not wanting to eat inside of the hotel – your wallet will thank you and you will have stories to tell when you go home. Knock Off Shopping: For those of you that remember the good old days of Xiangyang (Xiang Yang) market off of Huaihai road, it was closed by the government in June of 2006. For those of you familiar with this open air market, it was where you could find anything, and everything that was fake or a knock off. If you are looking for a taste of Xiangyang market, and don’t mind the hassles of negotiation (buyer beware – negotiate hard …. And I mean really hard) there is a smaller version of Xiangyang just down the street from the JW Marriott. Go Left out of the front door, go Left on Nanjing West Road, and go about 5 minutes to the bridge (there is a police station on the corner). Go another 2 minutes and on your right hand side will be a 4 story building located at 580 Nanjing West Road – which contains a small, yet lively version of the Xiangyang market. 580 Nanjing Xi Lu -- Beware – and fair warning – everything in this building is fake…..everything. It might look real, and the label might say 100% real – but it isn’t. But for those seeking DVDs, Watches (Rolex, Tag, you name it), North Face, Caloway Golf Clubs, Polo shirts, Crocs, Purses (you name the brand) or anything else with a brand name—here it is. There is also some local souvenir products sold in the building if you are just looking for gifts. To say that the vendors are “aggressive”, and that you had better negotiate hard is a huge (HUGE) understatement. To give you some examples, there are “wine holders” which look like Chinese outfits or bags --- starting prices are somewhere between 45 to 65 RMB….I bought them for 5 RMB – yes, less than 1/10th of the starting asking price. Fake pashmina that start at 145 RMB can be had for 15 to 20 RMB. Fake Rolex watches – starting at 600 to 1000 RMB were sold for 110 RMB. A pair of Crocs went for 50 RMB. DVDs are still running about $1USD (7-8 RMB) if you bargain hard. For those of you that start at ½ of the price, vendors expect this, and they make a killing. I highly recommend that you try multiple booths for general pricing before you start buying – walking away will get you a price “shouted” at you so that you can have some guess as to the “real” price. Note that in all fairness, if you toss a price out, and they meet it, you should honor your offer – so be careful putting out what you might consider a “low ball” offer might end up with you “overpaying”. Trust me when I tell you that even at these prices – the vendors are making money. I have stayed at this hotel several times in the past as well as at the Ritz up the road. At a rate of approximately 1300 RMB or about $195 USD per night, this hotel delivers a consistent product that has solid value. As the rate escalates (in my opinion over 2000+ RMB), or depending on what you pay, the value proposition can shift significantly and there are plenty of hotels in Shanghai to consider on a value basis.	
May 3 2009 	Solid business hotel good location	Have stayed at JW Marriott on business trips four times in past three months. Location is excellent; most taxi drivers know it or at a pinch you can draw a picture of the rocket shaped building and show them that! I like strolling around the park across the street in the morning before business meetings. Rooms are nice with all the usual five star conveniences. Beds are comfy with handy reading lights. In room internet is RMB 50 per day but works fine. The Chinese restaurant is very good. Local Shanghaiese friends said the dim sum is one of the best among the major hotel restaurants. The cigar bar is merely ok. Room service breakfast is pretty average too.Only real negative is that is pretty hard to get cell phone reception in your room if you are on the upper floors; you may have to go down to the lobby to use your phone or Blackberry.Overall this a good choice for international businessperson or travelers who want five star amenities.	
Apr 18 2009 	Stunning property and great service!!!	I stayed at the JW Marriott Shanghai with my husband and 5 month old baby and received fabulous service from the entire team whilst enjoying stunning accommodation. This hotel really is perfectly located to all the things you must see in Shanghai - we will be back	
Mar 26 2009 	5* - nothing more to say really	We stayed at this hotel on Marriott points. Despite this we were upgraded to a room on the Executive floors (although without the associated privileges). Neither my wife or I could really fault the hotel. The check-in was excellent and the room very comfortable with great views over Tomorrows Square. The location is superb if you want to be at the heart of downtown Shanghai.Didn't really use the hotel facilities other than the swimming pool (the indoor one is a bit boring/bland but otherwise excellent and it is probably a lot nicer in the summer when the outdoor pools are open as well) and the gym. The gym was spacious and airy with lots of well maintained modern kit. No charge for the pool or gym.Didn't use the in-room interent (for which there was a charge) but did use the Blackberry on the free wifi in the lobby and it worked well for email and web browsing and even checking-in online.Right across the street within a couple of minutes walk are plenty of food outlets for breakfast and the Tomorrow Square tube line is only a couple of minutes walk. If you are going to this hotel take the Maglev in from the airport (50 RMB and 300 kmph) and then get on the tube - you can't go wrong its all in English - for a quick, cheap and interesting way to get to the hotel.We would stay again in a flash.	
Mar 23 2009 	nice business style hotel	Relying a bit on the memory banks for this one, was your typical 5 star style business hotel. The reception was actually half way up the highrise which made for good views. The breakfast was very good. Service was professional and courteous. Location was very good near the main street that leads all the way down to the bund. A moderate walk to the xintindi (sp?) restaurant area. Plush hotel but like any other jw marriott. Shanghai was good fun, like a large HK but I prefer Beijing for a piece of China	
Dec 9 2008 	Great Hotel - have stayed here MANY times. Best place in Shanghai.	I have stayed at many of the executive level hotels in the shanghai area and this is the one I choose to go back to. First of all, location of your hotel is VERY important in shanghai due to their horrendous traffic problems. This hotel is well located for both business and pleasure. The lobby of this hotel starts on the 38th floor of a nice building. I like that because when you go to your hotel after a long day in the chaos of shanghai, it feels like you are really going up and away. then from the lobby level, you go to another set of elevators that take you to the rooms. The rooms are very nice, marble baths, awesome comfortable beds (which is a huge plus in china). The standard rooms are small, I always book a room up a level or 2 from standard and they get more spacious. The corner rooms are nice with all the windows overlooking the city. Only thing the room doesn't have is a flat screen tv, it's just a standard tv. That would seriously be my only complaint. They have a nice choice of restaurants, but with such a good location i rarely eat in the hotel - i walk to something nearby.	
Sep 20 2008	Mediocre Hotel in Shanghai	This was the last stop on my China trip and while the aesthetics of this hotel are great the staff is mediocre at best. Great location in the city, but don't trust the concierges' and be aware that though most of the staff you see is fluent in English the phone operators are not necessarily able to comprehend as well as they speak which means they can screw up appointments and general information. The Mandara Spa, which provides a great service, ticked me off in that they advertise a special all over the hotel that they cannot provide because &quot;they don't have the products&quot;; well hey then take down the signs that advertise the special. I went to Le Meridian to check out their spa and actually got better info on sites and shows from their concierge staff than at the JW. Overall not up to JW standard.PS: Don't go with the hotel offer of using their van to the airport, just budget time and go with a metered cab, gteed it will be cheaper. A great alternative I used, catch the Maglev train it takes 8 minutes from the Longyang Road station in Pudong.	
Jun 12 2008 	Loved the JW Marriott Tomorrow Square	The JW Marriott in Shanghai was truly wonderful. We had two rooms for the four of us on a club floor. The rooms were spacious and very comfortable, with really nice bathrooms. There were celadon green porcelain accessories, very pretty, and an artful spray of fresh flowers every day. (I especially appreciated that there were lots of places to put things) The club room was nice, with a variety of seating choices and outlets for laptops at most of them. The view from the club lounge on the 59th floor is a wonderful view of People's Square and the Shanghai skyline. The breakfast on the club floor was OK, sometimes a bit odd (we found out on our last day that they would do custom eggs for you, but we were never told this in our 5 night stay). The staff dismantle the breakfast, snacks etc. militantly at the time appointed. If you came for breakfast even 1 minute late, you would be out of luck. The snacks and wines were very good. The club floor privilege comes with FREE LAUNDRY. This is HUGE and probably saved us hundreds, we were able to leave with everything clean. The lobby in this hotel is on 38, then you have to take another elevator to your room, sometimes seemed a hassle. The California Grill restaurant was excellent, as was the Chinese restaurant. The location is a short cab ride to the Bund and across from People's Square which includes the Shanghai Museum (wonderful!) and other sights. There is an indoor/outdoor pool which was attractive and a nice place to sit and/or swim. The staff were very helpful in arranging transportation (with four people we usually needed a minivan) and one day arranged a guide for us on very short notice to tour the French Concession. The guide and driver were very good.All in all this hotel was a welcome, luxurious respite at the end of each hot sticky sweaty day of sightseeing.	
Jun 11 2008 	Stunning builiding decent room Not JW-level service	JW is the title given to the top Marriott hotels so I was expecting a top notch experience.As the taxi pulls up to the curb-side, we were offered help from the bellboys to take our luggage but as the other half of our party was lost in the traffic from the airport to the hotel, we decided to wait in the downstair waiting area. When our other party arrived, we took the elevator to the lobby on the 38th floor. While there was no other guests at the counter, we were left at the counter for 30 seconds while the agents were either doing some works while others were chatting to each other and did not pay attention to me. When one of then finally comes around, there were no welcome greetings. This lack of greeting is something that I have not seen in any JW before. The rest of the checkin was quick although our passports was photocopied. I have not seen this at any other highend hotel in China. I was offered the exec lounge priviledges for 600 Yuan/day. Since I do not plan to be all day in the hotel, I declined the offer.To get to our room, we took another ride from the lobby to the 44th floor. The room is furnished in cherry wood color which is pleasing on the eyes. The twin beds are comfortable and soft. A work desk chair and TV/mini-safe occupied the opposite side of the beds. The TV is an old tube-type, not something that I would expect in a 5-stars hotel and the least for a JW. The wall to wall windows offer a stunning view the tomorrow-square park. Although the view to the Pudong side was partially block by the Meridien and the Capital Land buildings accross the park. The marble bathroom was roomy with good amenities. The bathtub also have water jets which please my other-half. The standing shower is also very lovely and water pressure was decent.The location of the JW-Marriott is outstanding. Within a few blocks of the most well-known shopping street in Shanghai and with the subway station accross the street, you can get anywhere in Shanghai efficiently. The Bund is a 15-20 minutes walk from the hotel.If this was any other than a JW, it would have been a fine hotel but what has been separating a run-of-the-mill Marriott from a JW has always been the service. This hotel does not deserve the moniker of JW.	
Jun 1 2008 	No stone left unturned. SENSATIONAL.	Perfect in every imaginable way. We were upgraded to a junior suite with sensational views. The room was incredibly clean and comfortable. Everything that you might need was provided - including a small gift (teapot) to take home! What a wonderful room. In terms of the amenities, the pool was awesome as too was the restaurant. Breakfast included exemplary homemade sausages, espresso coffee and freshly squeezed juices. Superbly done - and everything was PIPING HOT! This is because they only offer the food in small quantities - thus ensuring it's freshness and hot temperature. WOW factor in every way at this hotel. The management and staff deserve nothing but praise. THANK YOU so much - and a special thanks for the upgrade to accommodate our 2 young children comfortably. Noted AND certainly appreciated. Would recommend this place without any doubt whatsoever.	
May 22 2008 	Terrific service 	This is one of my corporate hotel in Shanghai. Loved the location where it is near to everything. Train station is like 5-10mins walk away. Within walking distance to major shopping malls &amp; food. Fantastic view from room where you get to see the city view even there's no smog.After a long day at work, the best place is to R&amp;R at the lounge and enjoy the city view. The staff are all very polite &amp; helpful especially when I'm getting advice where to go for the night out.However.... the only thing I hate is to take lift from lobby to 38th floor to change another elevator to my hotel room. Is just irritating if you are in a rush.	
May 2 2008 	Superb apartments luxurious facilities and service of the highest kind	I stayed for a month at the serviced aparments at the JW Marriott at Tomorrow Square in Shanghai and the experience is second to none. The building is incredible and stands out in the congested and illuminated Shanghai skyline, which makes you feel you're staying somewhere special. The first 30 or so floors are apartments and the 30 floors above it are the hotel rooms.I stayed in a studio which, though could be larger, was luxurious and comforable. The main part of the room comprises a giant bed with a matress about a foot thick which means one can simply hit the bed and fall alseep straight away. The main area also has a sofa and TV area and also a little dining table. One side of the room is nothing but a giant floor to ceiling window with incredible views of Shanghai. The furniture is expensive and the hotel takes no short cuts here. The kitchen is small but fully equipped with a fitted kitchen, oven, cooker, washing machine, dish washer, extractor hood, sink, large fridge/freezer and comes with all cooking utensils, pans, cups, glasses, plates, bowls, tea, coffee, sugar, milk etc. Never really usd the kitchen though as there are so many places to eat out.The bathroom is very nice, with good lighting, Kohler bath, walk in shower with two side jet streams of water as well as a powerful main shower hose. The bathroom is fully equipped and restocked for free with shampoo, soap, fresh luxury towels, fresh bathrobes etc.When I arrived there were a complimentary bottles of wine, quite a lot of free beer in the fridge and some snacks. All for fee. There's no mini bar as such in the apartments.As an apartment resident you get to use all the hotel facilities and you get 25% off all room service, at the shops etc. The gym is free and good. The two pools (one inside and one outside) are great, as is the sauna and the steam room, again all part of the price. The food at the restaurants (which also do room service) are some of the nicest food you will have, very fresh and you can tell it came straight out of the pan and delivered to your room.The lifts are excellent and very efficient and the service is always of the highest order with excellent english speaking staff. After a few weeks the staff know you by name which also impressed me.The food court on the ground floor sells good quality western meals such as lasagne, sandwiches, pizzas, sweets, cakes, wine and beer as well as western magazines and english newspapers.The Mandara Spa is a luxurious addition to the hotel providing massage and spa facilities in beautiful relaxing and authentic surroundings. Probably one of the best massage spas in East Asia though you have to pay for this. A good hairdresser here too. A haircut costs 130 RMB.Location wise, it is right bang in the middle of the best part of Shanghai. The affluence of the area is illustrated by the Ferrari and Maserati showrooms adjacent to the hotel and a Porsche and Mercedes showroom directly opposite.Though expensive, (it cost 28000 RMB for the month, that's over 4000 US dollars), it will be money well spent if you can afford it.	
Apr 21 2008 	Good business hotel in a great location	The JW Marriott is a fine hotel. As a business hotel, it is hard to differentiate itself from the mass of business hotels in Shanghai, so what makes it stand out...?1. The location at Tomorrow's Square is great. You couldn't ask for somewhere more central, or with better access to Shanghai. 2. The views are great (if there is no smog). Reception is on the 38th floor and guest rooms are upwards of the 40th floor. 3. The showers have 3 heads for a massage at the end of a long day.4. The executive lounge is large and comfortable, and offers a good selection of food &amp; drinks.The restaurants are good (but not great) - standard for a hotel of this calibre. The meeting rooms are good and notably, the air-conditioning works properly and holds a temperature.Two very small criticism; (1) Whatever produce is in season... is in every dish, every day! (2) Taking a lift from your room to the 38th floor &amp; then a separate lift from 38 to ground gets tedious after a few days.	
Apr 11 2008 	Good location but not a-typical JW	The location is good with the Shanghai Museum, People's Square and Xintiandi all within walking distance. After a marvellous experience at the JW in Beijing we anticipated similar service levels and room standards but it wasn't quite up to par. Decor in the room is very dark wood but there are plenty of windows to let in the light. Breakfast buffet is plentiful and dinner at Wan Hao was of good quality (although pricey as you would expect). Stanley Yin - Front of House Manager - was incredibly helpful and offered many tips on where to eat/drink in the city. Do get a cab and go to 'Face bar' for a relaxing drink in a Colonial atmosphere.Biggest let down at this hotel was staff standing there waiting with hand out for a tip for absolutely everything that they did for you. It seems that the hospitality that we had received in Beijing (that came with no expectations of financial reward from staff) was not in place here. Shame. I like to tip for good service rather than for a nod of the head. On the ground floor there is a small cafe that sells very good quality sandwiches, snacks and bottles of wine and cheaper than you will pay 38 floors up! Overall it was a good base, I would recommend it but it's not in the same league as other JW's I have stayed at. As long as you have that expectation in mind you won't be disappointed.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great Hotel and Location	Easily found the hotel when we arrived into Shanghai, reception desk veryu friendly and efficient as only the chinese know how. Room on 48th Floor was very very comfortable with every amenity and that bed was sooo comfy. Restaurant staff hover when you're having your meal and distracts from the views and ambience I felt, but that may just be me. Concierge desk on ground floor very knowledgable but not forthcoming straight away with their 'add on fees' for their service - to be watched, but is expected I guess at hotels of the calibre. Overall a very comfortable and enjoyable stay, good location and within very easy walking distance to the metro lines and shopping areas and park close by. On the higher end of the scale as far as rates are concerned but this is a top hotel for which you are well looked after as a honoured guest.	
Feb 25 2008	going downhill	I have stayed here regularly for the past 3-4 years, usually 4-5 times per year, so I know it very well, but recently I notice a decline in my satisfaction with each stay. Here is why I say that:1) Room temperature- I prefer it fairly warm, but my last few stays I notice the room is cooler than the hallways and the control in the room does not work. I always have to call to complain, then they send an engineer who comes to measure the temperature and informs me he can manually increase the temperature. So what is the purpose of the in-room control??!!2) Internet service- this past week it was absolutely terrible- both in my room and in the executive lounge.3) Food- in November I ate in the executive lounge the night before leaving and got food poisoning.4. Gym- it's a nice gym, but there is recently there is hardly anyone monitoring the actual gym and only the person at the front desk near the elevator. Also, there used to be a fruit bowl on the front desk, now I have to ask for it.Time to reconsider where I'll stay in Shanghai.	
Feb 17 2008 	Average rooms and service	One of three hotels during stay in Shanghai. It ranked number 3 after Shangri-la Pudong and Radisson New World. The rooms are very average Marriott, not befitting of a JW. Even the junior suites were not impressive. Drab green carpet and unimaginative decor.Would not return to this hotel with better choices out there. The family suite at the Radisson New World was twice the size and much more modern for the same price. This place does not hold a candle to the Shangri-la Pudong!	
Feb 6 2008 	Great Hotel - Business Trip	I have stayed at this hotel several times and will continue to several times a year while in Shanghai for business. This hotel is in the heart of the downtown area. Very nice and upscale. Beautiful views of the city from the top floors. Service always good. Laundrey service good. The gym has a good view of the city as well. Would highly recommend to any traveler in the Shanghai area.	
Jan 18 2008 	Simply a great hotel !	I just completed a 2 week stay in the Executive Apartments in this hotel. The entire experience as described in other posts here was excellent ! The room was simply perfect. Spacious, well appointed, comfortable, and had excellent views of the city. The staff at this hotel is the most responsive of any hotel I have ever stayed in. Any request was responded to almost instantly. They went out of their way make sure I was comfortable. Room service was fast, accurate, and the food was excellent. The room service menu, is a little limiting, but there are many other choices in this hotel including several excellent restaurants, and a concession stand in the lobby that sells pre-made meals. Its a great location and near many businesses and local attractions. The internet service in the hotel was also excellent which is not always the case in China. A total five star experience.	
Nov 26 2007 	JW Marriott -- Again Terrific	I just returned from 5 days at the JW Marriott in Shanghai. This, my 4th stay at this hotel in the past 2 years, confirms my view that the JW Marriott deserves very top grades. Rooms (and views) are terrific. Location is marvelous (in contrast to the Four Seasons), on Nanjing Road, walking distance to the Bund, near two subway lines, 10-minutes walk to Xintiandi and otherwise centrally-placed (unless, of course, you are doing business in Pudong, an area that offers its own great hotels). The Marriott has been well-maintained and shines; its three restaurants offer terrific food; staff is knowledgeable, accommodating and friendly. The Executive Floor Lounge is spacious, comfortable and offers free internet access. With its “JW” brand, Marriott has been attempting to pierce the top echelon of international hotels; with its Shanghai property, it succeeds.	
Sep 21 2007 	Most awesome hotel I've very stayed at!!!	The JW Marriot at Tomorrow Square is hands down the best hotel I have ever stayed at! We stayed there for 4 nights in November during our visit to Shanghai. Since I am a Platinum member with Marriot, my family and I were greeted with a personal assistant who checked us in and escorted us to our rooms to ensure we were satisfied with everything. We were also greeted in our room with an exquisite bowl of fruit and beautifully packaged truffles. Although the rooms are a bit on the small side, the beds were so overwhelmingly comfortable, it was hard to get up in the mornings. We also had a wonderful view from the 49th floor of our hotel room. I was additionally impressed with the Excecutive Lounge which was nice and airy and provided a great array of snacks and beverages throughout the day as well as complimentary internet access. The Executive Lounge assistant was very nice and offered so many invaluable recommendations for shopping and restaurants nearby. It was also cool that they have the highest library in the world (according to the Guinness World Record 2006), so it was interesting to check out!Lastly, I have to recommend the Mandara Spa located in the hotel. This was one of the most beautiful spas I've ever been to. My sister and I each had 2 treatments which totaled approximately $100 each...what a deal!! Also, as hotel guests, you get an additional 10% off. We had a private suite for our treatments which was so spacious (with private bathroom) and beautifully decorated. The aestheticians were wonderful as they kept conservations with you to an absolute minimum so you could peacefully enjoy the treatments.Overall, the location, price and service was impeccable at this hotel! I plan to stay here every time I return to Shanghai!	
Sep 18 2007 	Best Hotel I've Ever Stayed At	Think of the 38th floor lobby as an added safety feature for residents of the JW Marriott. You're well insulated from random solicitations that constantly go on along Nanjing Rd yet you're a stroll away if you desire to experience it. You're close to the Ren Ming subway station and while hailing a taxi can prove to be difficult in Shanghai, the taxi stand constantly has taxis waiting outside the 1st floor lobby. Being a Platinum member, I was upgraded to a 55th floor executive level room with a room facing the Bund. There are fresh fruit, a box of chocolate truffles, bottles of water, and varied selection of teas waiting for you in the room. TV channels include CNN, ESPN, CNBC, MTV, HBO, Showtime, and Starz in English. The bathroom has both a shower and a bathtub. The Executive Lounge on the 59th floor provides all you can drink top shelf liquor as well as sodas, water, coffee, tea, juices, milk, breakfast, late afternoon hors-d'oeuvres, and evening desserts everyday including weekends. The full service gym provides iPods while you workout and has everything an American could want with free weights, cross trainers, and treadmills. The 7th floor pool is an oasis in the urban Shanghai jungle with indoor and outdoor pools for laps and recreation. All in all the JW Marriott is well worth the 2500 RMB price tag and outshines any other hotel I've stayed at.	
Sep 17 2007 	Fantastic hotel 	This is Marriott at it's best- when we got there we were so happy about staying at at Marriott property. The lobby is on the 38th floor and our room was on the 54th floor which had amazing views. The room was a little on the small side, but in Shanghai you don't really need to spend much time indoors. There are so many things next to the hotel that you pay for the views &amp; location. The pool &amp; spa were a little tricky to find, but they provide an oasis in the city to relax &amp; swim in Shanghai's heat. Also the staff at the restaurant were very attentive. Tip in Shanghai: Take the Metro to cross the river costs 2 yuan rather than the silly tourist tunnel that costs 35. Go for dinner at Xintiandi- really nice restaurants and try Shanghainese food which is sweeter than the rest of chinese food.	
Sep 16 2007 	Fine hotel in a great location	Although this hotel is clearly aimed at business travelers, we stayed as tourists and really enjoyed it. As everyone has noted, this is truly a first-class hotel with stunning views from the lobby and the rooms. We used miles to stay here, and as a result didn't have a view towards the river. Still, no complaints. Lovely room on the 51st floor...elegantly designed, with a big, luxurious bathroom.Also, for tourists, it should be noted that the location is excellent. It's a hop, skip and jump from the Shanghai Museum, which is in the running for the best museum in the country, and from Nanjing Lu, the pedestrianized main shopping street. A 20-minute walk down Nanjing Lu takes you to the Bund. We didn't make it to the French Concession, but it's a short walk from the hotel in the opposite direction. As a slight complaint, I wanted to echo the point made by an earlier reviewer about the service: although they were efficient and courteous, they were not proactive in any way. For a hotel that strives to be one of the very best, this was a disappointment. Upon our arrival, we asked for a restaurant recommendation. They only one they would offer was the hotel's restaurant. Not very helpful. Other than that, excellent stay.	
Aug 28 2007 	find the Indian chef !	We have returned to our home in Tasmania after a magical tour around the world. The Marriott hotels rarely let us down and here in Shanghai was no exception. The staff were polite and always helpful, our room was perfect and spacious especially as we were given an upgrade on arrival. Most memorable was the Indian chef at the buffet each evening he was always around to make you a special treat and indeed everything he produced was so delicious it was difficult to know when to stop eating.	
Aug 13 2007 	An oasis in CHina	I have no idea how anyone can give this hotel a bad rap. Please stop complaining about the elevators then in the next line rave about the great views. You cant have one without the other people. The rooms are in beautiful shape and incredibly clean. This hotel makes you fell like you're in Chicago - not in a 3rd world country. The hotel cars are S class Mercedes (very classy)and the suites have a full wall of windows. I've stayed in the Ritz Carlton, Grand Hyatt andn Shangri La among others - and this hotel is heads and shoulders above those. Great location for a walk and shopping too. English skills are spotty across Shanghai and this place is about avg. Laundry comes back in less than 4 hrs with no extra charge.	
Jul 19 2007 	A bit dizzying!	JW Marriott is a strong hotel. They have everything that should make it a 5 star hotel, but somehow just miss the mark. The rooms are large, modern and comfortable. Bathrooms are nice &amp; include relaxing, homey touches like fragrant bath salts. In-room tea stations are another charming touch. In-room internet connections are speedy. The gym &amp; pool are quite nice. The spa is fair, but extremely accommodating. Spa rooms are quite small &amp; the aestheticians aren’t the best though the prices would lead you to believe otherwise. Food is on the poor side, though it is good for China. The restaurant is average. Room service can be tricky – it can be slow &amp; you need to make sure that you spell out things exactly as you want them or else you end up with “interesting” pairings! Service is mediocre. Everyone is very friendly, but you soon realize that many have a weak understanding of English, which poses some problems. For an American hotel catering to business travelers, the staff should either speak better or let you know that they don’t fully understand &amp; seek out someone else on their staff that does. This language barrier has lead to quite a few misunderstandings &amp; thus delays. Lastly, this hotel is 60 stories high! You don’t even get to the lobby until the 38th floor! While this delights some people, it scares me to death! I prefer shorter buildings. My 1st night here, I never fell asleep because of my nerves! Now as soon as I get into my hotel room, I immediately shut the curtains. My last time here, I had to stay with a coworker on their “Executive” floor. Never again…I learned that the Executive floor(s) were the very top ones.	
Jun 12 2007 	Great stay but could be better	We stayed here for 3 nights for pleasure. The hotel had nicely appointed rooms with great views (request for a room with views of Pudong, or you get stuck looking at endless ugly high-rises). The breakfast buffet was wonderful as well.Only a couple of things that slightly tarnished our stay.1. Staff were always smiling but not very proactive. For example: I had to go to the airport at 9pm on a Friday (peak hours for taxis) and there was a long queue (5 of us) waiting in front of the hotel for a car. The 2 bellhops simply stood there and waited for taxis to pull into the hotel. It was obvious some of the guests were headed to the airport and were on a tight schedule. At a 5-star hotel, I would expect the bellhops to be more intuitive/proactive, helping to hail down taxis or by simply calling the taxi company ahead of time to make sure there are cars standing by for guest use during peak hours. 2. Check-in was smooth but check-out was a nightmare. We had 2 rooms, one room was booked with Marriott Reward points and the other room was booked online - the Weekend Transportation package (inclusive of breakfast for 2 people and 8 hour use of a hotel car). When we checked out, we were surprised at all the additional charges that were suppose to be included. It took us about 15 minutes to go over the bill line-by-line with the staff. Eventually, all the charges were removed, but one would expect at a hotel this caliber, those charges inclusive in the package should not have been calculated into the grand total in the first place. So, check your bill carefully when you check out!	
Jun 10 2007 	Wery nice hotel- sad about Shanghai air	The JW Shanghai is a luxury motel in a truly landmark buidling. Do leave yourself a few extra minutes any where you want to go though- the hotel lobby is on the 38th floor and you need to switch elevators to get to hotel rooms from 38 up. We were on the 55th floor with access to the concierge lounge. The rooms were very well decorated with sumptuous bedding. The view we had (rm 5505) included all of the prominent buildings of Shanghai wrapped before us in a great vista- unfortunately the haze of the evening was replaced by the stark reality of Shanghai air pollution during the day. Opening the curtains in the morning light reminded me of a sepia toned photo- shades of grey and brown inter mixed spelling out another day of breathing this all in. The concierge level was very worth while fine wines, dim sum, and a great breakfast. The Marriott is well located to get to anything through out the Shaghai area. For those of you familiar with Hong Kong travel, there is a great MTR and an &quot;Octopus&quot; like transport card can be purchased. The park across the street is a convenient, beautifully arranged bit of greenery where you can catch a few moments surprisingly to yourself. The concierge did a great job of securing us center stage seats for the Shanghai acrobat show- pay the minimla extra for VIP seats- really worth it.	
May 21 2007 	Great Hotel	I have spent 2 weeks for business in the JW Marriott in May 2007. The Hotel is great. Room and bathroom are very nice. My room was in the 55th floor with a splendid view. Service is very good also. It was always a pleasure to have breakfast in the 38th floor with great views. On the buffet you find everything you want (including &gt;10 different corn flakes and asian dishes). Another good point was the free wireless lan in the lobby and the executive floor lounge. To sum up: A very good hotel (I 'm sure one of the best in Shanghai) in a good location with excellent service	
May 15 2007 	Great for Business Traveler from USA	Regardless of the reviews, I seriously doubt there are 5 better hotels in Shanghai. I had a great experience at the JW in early May (8th - 12th). Check in was a breeze and my corner room was oversized and had everything I needed, included a large bathroom with a view. Upgrading to the Executive Level was a no brainer given the amount of food, beverages, and attentive service. The bed was super comfortable and I never heard any noise in my 47th floor room. The gym was excellant - large and outfitted with modern equipment (and always open). The only negatives were the elevators (required to switch at the 38th floor) and food quality was only above average. Great location if doing business in Puxi area, super clean, attentive service, and a Starbucks downstairs in case one needed a reminder of home. Walked through the nearby Meridien, which seemed nice but was surrounded by construction and locals selling counterfeit product - not ideal in my book.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great Experience	Spent a week on holiday with wife and daughter during first week in April. JW marriott is ideally situated near the centre of Shanghai. Very close to museums, shopping, walking distance to the Bund and adjacent to beautiful landscaped gardens. The hotel is located on the edge of what used to be the Shanghai Race course. As well as a Starbucks in the hotel, there is another one 100 yds away and a costa just across the road from just opposite the Ferrari garage which is adjacent to the hotel. The views from the hotel are simply stunning. There is a choice of 3 excellent restaurants. The Spa facilities are also well worth a visit. We found the staff very helpful and eager to please. The room was well equipped, walk in shower etc. with toiletries restocked frequently.Would certainly return.	
Apr 1 2007 	Very impressed with service at JW Marriott	This is a late review but my family and I stayed at the JW Marriott duirng Chinese New Year. We arrive in Shanghai on Chinese New Year's Eve and witnessed many fireworks while we traveled between the airport and the hotel. Upon check-in, we found the staff to be extremely professional. The front desk clerk escorted us to our 54th floor rom with a stunning view towards the Pearl Tower. Throughout the night, fireworks erupted on the skyline which made for a spectacular sight from our room. The room was a standard size Marriott room and the bathroom was especially large with a walk in show and sunken bathtub. Everything about the hotel was 5 star, including the staff. I had to ask the concierge and various staff members to interpret Chinese and provide travel instructions to various venues. They all were extremely pleasant. For breakfast one morning, we had the breakfast buffet and again found the staff to be very nice and the variety of Chinese, Japanese and American food extensive. The view from the 38th floor dining area was also spectacular. We had a chance to use the swimming and whirlpool and locker area...found it very nice. However, it was a bit inconvenient transferring between elevators to get to the pool area. Overall, our Shanghai trip during Chinese New Year was great and the JW Marriott the best place to stay.	
Apr 1 2007	Don't stay there	When i booked this hotel, Trip Advisor rated it #1 but I found lots of problems with hotel1. Toxic smell in hotel, couldn't breathe2. Poor location3. no store in hotel for needed tolitires, had to walk long way to find TAMPAX4. Shanghai is cash only, hotel ATM ran out of money for days on end5. 3 attendants at elevator serve no purpose6. conciere clueless7. business center couldn't make copies, even though I paid exra to stay on business levelWhat I liked about hotel:1. starbucks in lobby2. view	
Mar 20 2007 	Faulty Towers	The Marriott means well but they suffer from a problem faced by all the foreign run Hotels in China, they simply can't get quality staff. Customer service in all aspects of shangai life is contrived and not natural but the Marriott should be more than capable of implementing basic hotel standards. They've failed.Designing a hotel room is the easy bit...and yes they've got it right. Beds are comfortable as they are in all Marriotts. But as I said, that should be the easy part.Don't order room service. We all know not to expect bells and whistles when you order to your room, but you at least expect it to be cooked. We tried the room service twice and all I can say is the late night kitchen should be shut down by the food standards agency (that's if one exists).The breakfast was a pleasant surprise with all the usual hotel fodder. Trying to get a cup of coffee in the breakfast room proved rather too much for the staff so my wife and I invented ingenious methods of coaxing them out of hiding, like walking into the kitchen and begging the staff to fill our empty cups. This unforeseen, staff training exercise received hoots of laughter from both us and the staff but they unfortunately failed to pick up on the irony of the episode and continued to ignore the thirsty guests.My advice to Marriott is fly some senior staff up from Hong Kong to show them how its done and my advice to you, the punter, don't stay here!	
Feb 3 2007	Luxury with a bearthtaking view to boot	I stayed twice at the Tomorrow Square (as what the locals call it, simply 'Ming Tian' i.e. 'Tomorrow', once in late Jan this year and once in end-2005. Twice I was satisfied with the service, the facilities and the location. But for the more recent stay, my satisfaction level increased. For the following few reasons:1. Check-in had been simplified and it was seamless. Previously, when one reaches the hotel, you have to let the bellboy take your luggage, get a tag and then take the express lift to the 38th floor lobby for check in. Then, take another lift on the 38th floor to your room. In the most recent stay, check in took place at the first floor (newly setup) counter, the bellboy goes with you to the room with your luggage. Just that one still needs to go to the 38th floor first to take another lift to the room. Anyway, the improvement shows that this hotel listens to customers' feedback, as I precisely suggested that in my earlier stay.2. They recognise return guests, and they make sure you feel more than welcome. Partially because I stayed more than the standard 2-3 nights, and partially because I have a Marriott Rewards Card, they allowed me a corner room this time round. Slightly bigger than the usual standard room, and with a nice view in your bathroom. Such a nice touch goes miles, at least for me. I feel that they want me back, and that's what I mighyt just do the next time round.3. The smiles in the lower-ranking staff were there and obviously, more had endeavoured to learn to speak English. I am a Mandarin speaker but I notice even the lift attendant, the chambermaid and restaurant waiter all can speak standard English to a big extent. Two thumbs up for this. Maybe because China is preparing for the 2008 Olympics, and Shanghai is gearing up for the 2010 World Expo, but regardless, such efforts are commendable!Of course, this hotel is more than all this. The location near People's Park Square means you are literally at the heart of Puxi, and near many attractions. The main subway station for Lines 1 &amp; 2 is also very near, in about 2-3 mins' walk. Getting a taxi is also straightforward, and some 400-500 metres west of the hotel are some retail shops, restaurants and a supermarket. Within a 5-10 min walking distance too are a local food street, Nanjing Road Pedestrian Mall, Starbucks (just downstairs), McDonald's, banks, post office and shopping for (gaudy) tourist stuff. But as twice I was on business, I didn't really have time to complete the circuit.And oh yes, because Tomorrow is part of such a tall buidling, many people swear by its views. I must say it's quite nice, but oftentimes, the Shanghai skyline is blocked by hazy, cumulus stuff. Pollution perhaps. I personally like Tomorrow for its service, its location, its luxurious facilities and its newness. Stay here if you don't mind paying premium you won't regret it.	
Feb 1 2007 	Prefect location	The view was great from our 53rd floor hotel room. Located by People's Square/Tomorrow Square, many major sites are within walking distance. Taxis are cheap, but traffic is horrible. The City is all about commerce. Great restaurants. Do not miss the City Planning Museum with historical photos as well as future plans.	
Jan 18 2007 	Fantastic hotel	Stayed in the JW Marriot for 2 nights in January 2007 and I must say that it is a fantastic hotelHaving originally planned to stay in a hostel I am so glad I chose to pay the extra and stay somewhere niceStaff were more than helpful and the concierge was useful in helping decide where to go. All spoke good english.Room was fantastic with a great gym and poolLocation is in the heart of the city next to peoples square and a short walk from the Bund	
Jan 10 2007	Uninspiring - executive rooms are same as deluxe	Even though the hotel was booked using the Marriott website, check-in was not instant, it took about ten minutes. The room had big windows, a nice view from the 45th floor. The room itself was uninspiring, no special edge or extreme luxury.We asked for an upgrade to an executive room, only to find that the executive room (except for being 9 floors up) was smaller, had less window than our deluxe. It was just incredible! 60US a night more for a room which is smaller than a regular room! If you're in for the view, pick another hotel, there are plenty of them with rooms on high floors. Considering the JW Marriotts' rates, you'll have no problem finding better value for money in any other place of Shanghai.	
Jan 8 2007	Great views good location and service	We stayed at this hotel from 31 December to 6 January 2007.We were lucky enough to be upgraded to an executive suite on 54th floor. The views were stunning! The access to the executive lounge (breakfast, drinks and entrées in the evening) was an excellent added bonus.The room was huge, the bed difficult to get out of. The bose cd/radio was good but as someone else has said a dvd player would have been nice.Service was smiling and ever-helpful. The breakfast buffet plenitful and fresh.The gym is excellent and large, as is the pool. Location is really good but as everyhting is so close by taxi or metro in SHanghai i don't think location is the most important criteria.At any rate I would definitely stay here again. Loved our stay.	
Dec 19 2006 	Wonderful hotel at a great location.	I stayed at the JW Marriott at Tomorrow Square for 3 days for a business trip to China. This is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed at in Asia. I was lucky enough to be upgraded to a suite on the top floor, the views were amazing. One tip - if you go to the top floor executive lounge, ask one of the ladies to take you out onto the roof. The door is hidden behind a bookcase in the &quot;highest library in the world&quot;. This is one of the best views of Shanghai! Make sure you do this at night to see the various light displays around the city.This hotel is within walking distance to Nanjing Road as well as the Bund, and has a subway stop right across the street by Starbucks.	
Dec 10 2006 	Excellent but not the best.	The Pros:1. Service is spectacular. But that is true of most 5 star hotels in China, so I don't think the service at the JW is any better than you'd get at a comparably priced hotel in Shanghai. 2. I was given a complimentary upgrade to one of the &quot;service apartment&quot; rooms. These are really condo rooms that include a full kitchen, a separate living room, and a washer/dryer. Since I was on a long trip, the access to a washer dryer was a fantastic bonus. The &quot;service apartment&quot; rooms are on room 10 to 36 so if getting a high floor room is important to you, then you won't like these rooms. On the other hand, the air pollution is so consistently bad in Shanghai that you'll never be able to see squat anyway. 3. The hotel restaurants are very, very good. Expensive, but very good. The nearest cheap places to eat are about 300 yards away in the shopping mall attached to the Radison Hotel. By the way, I would say that the Radison has a much, much superior location. The Cons:1. Other reviewers have raved about the location. Yes, it is very close to the People's Square terminal which gives you access to 2 different lines, but taxis are so cheap in Shanghai that I don't know why people even bother with the train. Plus, the language barrier with the subway employees is insurmountable. My advice is to take the taxis and forget about the subway system.2. For both tourists and business travelers, I believe the Pudong side is more enjoyable and convenient. I spent most of my time going to the Bund and the Pudong side of the river that I wished I stayed there to begin with. 3. Nanjing Road is a major shopping area, but the street peddlers and street prostitutes are so numerous and so aggressive that I will never set foot on that street again. Since the proximity to Nanjing Road is supposed to be one of the JW's selling points, I would discount the location as a factor. 4. The shower was disappointing. Not only was the shower not very powerful, it had one of those cloth shower curtains that kept blowing around and sticking to my leg. Very irritating and not what I'd expect from a 5 star hotel. 5. The toilet was disappointing too. I'm one of those guys that reads on the toilet and there was no direct light above the toilet so it was too dark to read.	
Dec 1 2006 	Great hotel	Last time in Shanghai we stayed at the Shangri-la in Pudong. I preferred that hotel, but this was in a better location. The staff were all very friendly and we had a very nice, very well-appointed luxe room. In North American standards this is a very upscale place. But in Shanghai, there a few places that are bit more flashy than this one, like the Hyatt. Nevertheless, this is a great place to stay in a great location. Close to the bund, shopping, and most main attractions. Marriott beds are firm but comfy, and the linens are always quite nice. The breakfast buffet was quite nice, but if you really want to see a buffet hop over to the Shangri-la :-).	
Oct 31 2006 	Nice stay here.	We recently stayed five nights at this Marriott. It's an American hotel and rating it against American hotels, it's quite good. Rating it against the same class of Asian hotels, it's a notch lower. We travel to Asia once or twice a year for pleasure, partly because the luxury hotels are so outstanding at such a good price. We chose Marriott this time because they were giving 3 frequent flyer points for every dollar you spend. That was irresistable. And this Marriott is well placed in The Bund.The room was average size, pleasant and clean, not anything particularly outstanding about it. All the staff we dealt with were very pleasant. The general restaurant was good. The club room evening appetizers were the most extensive I have seen and clearly meant to subsitute for dinner if wanted. The hotel needs to find a better tour agency to affiliate with. We hired private guides twice, neither was nearly as professional as the guides we had in Beijing or Xian. However, the conceirge can have that agency provide a car and driver only for $20/hr. to take you anywhere you want to go. Like the cab drivers, they speak no English. You give the Concierge your itinerary and they write it in Chinese and discuss it with the driver. As long as you don't want to change it, you're fine. The drivers even park and walk you to the store or ticket window to make sure you know where to go, and are very nice.	
Oct 28 2006 	Fabulous hotel and location	Staying here for a few days was a real joy. There was a slight muddle with my booking, which was easily fixed and they upgraded me to an executive floor junior suite.Room was great- only thing i thought missing was more power points for charging equipment.But location is excellent, food at the hotel very good, staff helpful and Shanghai an amazing and interesting city. Many of the things i wanted to visit were in walking distance- and it was hard to get lost as the hotel is a real landmark. And if you needed a cab, they were really plentiful and cheap. Highly recommended!	
Oct 19 2006 	Beautiful hotel in great location - JW Marriott on Tomorrow Square	My family and I stayed at this hotel for the second time in two years. Because the hotel does not begin until the 25th+ floor, the views of the city from the rooms is spectacular. We loved everything about the hotel - the staff, the rooms, and the location. We were withiin walking distance of the major shopping street of Nanjing Road as well as the luxury shops that are located in the opposite direction.. The Bund is also within an easy walking distance. Because there are so many great restaurants in Shanghai, I would not spend money on the hotel food, unless you must for business reasons. It is expensive and better values can be found. We took the subway in Shanghai for the experience but most travel was done by taxi - the cabs are cheap and plentiful. From the JW Marriott, we were never far from any part of Shanghai that we wanted to visit, including the French Concession area and the huge outdoor area where many counterfeit goods are sold.We love Shanghai and recommend this hotel highly. Dont' go in the summer months if you can avoid it. Too hot and humid!	
Oct 7 2006 	Terrific place	After 14 hrs traveling to Shanghai from Chicago, this hotel was so welcome! I have nothing but positive things to say -- from the staff who were incredibly service oriented, to the room which was absolutely gorgeous -- it was first rate. We had the brunch the next day and the displays were picture worthy - and the food was wonderful. I would go back in a heartbeat!	
Sep 24 2006	One of the best Marriott properties in the world...	My wife and I spent 3 nights at the JW Marriott Shanghai on one of the executive level floors, and were upgraded to a suite. This hotel is very new and very modern. The localation is convient to several of the torist areas, and a brisk 15 minute walk to the Bund. The Club level has spectacular views of the Shanghai skyline, and has a very professional and helpful staff.The only downside for the holiday traveler is that you tend to go in and out of the hotel more often than a busienss traveler, and the transfer at the 38th floor to get the lobby gets tireseome.Overall a very good experience.	
Jul 24 2006	Great hotel but not for families	Hotel has spectacular views in prime location (best views face the river and Pudong). Luxurious accomodations. But no connecting rooms except suites connecting to corner rooms (very expensive). Regular rooms were small-ish. Not a great choice for families.	
Jul 16 2006	Amazing hotel experience!	I have stayed at many Marriott properties around most of the US and some abroad, but this hotel is definitely the best of the bunch. My husband and I are very selective, and we usually stay at Four Seasons hotels or local luxury boutique properties when we vacation. In this particular case, we chose this Marriott because of its location and because I had a zillion points to spend. The service is impeccable, the rooms are chic, and have nice, elegant touches to them. I usually do not eat in hotel restaurants, but I would definitely recommend the Sunday brunch here. If you enjoy Alaskan king crab legs, caviar, foie gras, and free flowing Perrier Jouet, you will love this brunch... All of the concierge staff are knowledgeable and helpful, but I especially counted on the head of staff to assist me as his English was the best of the group. Trust me, in this town, the concierge is your best friend. He can write things down for the taxi drivers, and get you reservations at the hottest places in town. Overall, our experience was perfect from check in to check out, and I would gladly return to this property again.	
Jul 7 2006 	Awesome Hotel	This hotel is AWESOME. Great rooms, great club lounge, great restaurants and bars, great lobby, great location, great spa, etc. My only complaint if i had to have one is service (which i notice other people have also commented on). They really, really need to train the employees 100% more on customer service and this I encountered in all levels of the hotel from check in, to housekeeping, to the club lounge, etc. Probably in the restaurants was the worst. But that aside, I love this hotel and will always choose to stay here when visiting Shanghai.	
Jun 25 2006	Excellent Stay at the JW	Stayed here for two nights towards the end of May and enjoyed every minute of it! The room was spacious and so was the bathroom. Service was simply outstanding - from the doormen, to the front desk, to the waitstaff at the coffee shop, to housekeeping - and to the staff at the gym! They even had staff waiting by the elevators to hit the &quot;up&quot; or &quot;down&quot; button! The gym facilities was top rate and the food at the cafe was very good.Location is not bad - close to the Shanghai Museum and the Nanjing East shopping street. Otherwise, all other sights are easily accessible by taxi - which is not expensive at all. This hotel is highly recommended.As for transfer to the airport, I met this taxi driver (with a new Mercedes Benz vehicle) that arranged for my trip to the airport (domestic) for RMB150.	
Jun 23 2006	Holiday Inn at 2000ft	I'd spend months planning our trip to China and spent hours researching where to stay during our time in Shanghai but felt disappointed in this hotel.Location wise the hotel is fine. It's within walking distance of the Bund and the French Concession, and there's a subway very close by.However it's not 5 star. Despite being upgraded to a junior suite, the room wasn't worth the money and the overall atmosphere was like being in a Holiday Inn 50 floors above ground. The executive lounge is well stocked and has an excellent view, but the staff are stony faced and the atmosphere is non existent.In general, the hotel staff just didn't seem interested in their guests (maybe we were a bit too pampered at the excellent Four Seasons in Hong Kong and the Peninsula in Beijing). Little things like not having our bags taken to the car when we checked out, mistakes on our bill, not being asked if our stay was OK, being given the wrong type of room when we checked in... they all added up to a mediocre and uninspiring experience.I understand that Marriott is an American chain of hotels, and I'd say that this stands out clearly (and not in a good way either)!	
Jun 16 2006 	Loved it	Excellent - Excellent - Excellent.Perhaps a little out of the way from some of the attractions, but as taxis are so cheap (you pay about 1.50 US dollars to get to most places in the city), it is definately worth staying there.	
May 8 2006	Best in Shanghai	Great Location, Great Rooms, Great Views.... pretty much sums it up. This hotel has that iconic look to it that can be seen fitting into any major metropolitian area. The rooms were spectacular with grand views of the entire city below. Our room had a seperate sitting area/ office slightly seperated from the bed, which was beyond our expectations and perfect for sleeping off the jet lag from the trip to china. The bathroom was large and featured seperate shower and bath, the shower featured a traditional shower head along with wall mounted spray's that was a nice touch. If you have a chance to access the &quot;executive lounge&quot; great breakfasts and pre dinner meals (the JW Burger is to die for), make if difficult to pull yourself away to try the local fare. Many &quot;food streets&quot; located near by to soak up the local culture, along with muesuems and the Grand Opera House.... the convinent subway system is just a few steps away from the hotel and further makes this a great location. Some problems though: the location of the pool and gym are very hidden and required not only finding the right bank of elavators to take but a walk to a second set of elevators followed by another walk just to get to the pool area, which was painfully kept cold. Not as high profile as perhaps the Grand Hyatt or the Westin on the Bund but second to none in terms of room, location, and service.	
Mar 9 2006 	Great hotel	If your budget can take the hit, I highly recommend this hotel for the location and amenities. I've stayed here twice -- once in the executive floor, and once in a regular room on the 45th floor. They're similar except that the rooms on the executive level are larger and (at least in mine) the bathroom looked out on the skyline -- a really amazing view. Still, my second stay in a regular room was also fine -- just as nice, but without a window in the bath. The bed is amazing. The staff is friendly without being obnoxious, although I do find it strange to have women press elevator buttons for me. Room service is typical Marriott, nothing special. The hotel can arrange for a car to pick you up at the PVG airport, but it's expensive -- 590 RMB (~$73), at least 2x what a normal cab would cost. Still, normal cabs scare the heck out of me in Shanghai because everyone drives so fast and crazy, so I don't mind the cost. I'd warn you that you don't really feel like you're in China while inside the hotel -- it could be New York, London, or Tokyo. So if you're looking for Chinese atmosphere you'll want to look elsewhere. But if you're a tired business traveler (like most people at the hotel), you'll find it a comfortable, dependable place to call home while in Shanghai. Highly recommended.	
Feb 24 2006	almost perfect	started the title with almost perfect only because the only bad experience with the hotel was with the front desk lady during check in, was not happy with her as had asked for a non smoking room but ended up with a smoking room, and also to proof that I deserved our co's corporate rate, she made me dig through my luggage in the lobby to find my business card.other than that, food at the hotel was delicious, the view from the room was great, the location is excellent (nice &amp; hip bars and restaurants + all the important museums/theatres are close by), the little plant in the room and flowers in the bathroom were nice touches, the bathrooms was nice (better than Portman Ritz Carlton), the in room coffee was not just an instant mix.was here for 5 nights, it was a nice home away from home, again, almost perfect	
Jan 24 2006	Excellent choice First class	Stayed at the hotel for two nights, were upgraded free to a studio suite on the 45th floor. Views spectacular as was the room. Bathroom huge with jacuzzi bath and seperate shower. Bed extreemly comfortable. Swimming pool very good. Nice little touches in room like gifts inc sweets on pillows, pottery teapot in box etc. Staff were very freindly and helpful, always someone to open lifts etc. Only bad points were, we had a cocktail on our first night in the lobby lounge over looking the city but when we tried to repeat this the second night we were told we were not allowed a cocktail in the lobby lounge and that we had to go to the bar if we wanted one. Also prices were quite expensive and there was tax added to everything but I suppose the prices were to be expected in a top class hotel like this one.	
Jan 23 2006	Very good but a few niggles	My wife and I booked at the JW for a friday and saturday night. The hotel looks fantastic and is quite unique on the skyline. The main lobby is on the 38th floor (strange but true). a very nice bellboy escorted us from the 1st to 38th floor with a bit of information about the hotel and its restuarants, he even gave us a free tourist map when we got to the lobby. the check in was flawless and we had the great fortune of being upgraded to a suite rather than the deluxe room we had booked. the suite was fantastic, on the 45th floow and overlooking the nanjing road. everything was perfect. 2 bathrooms, jacuzzi, lounge area and large separate bedroom. so far so good. now here are the bad points we encountered. on the 1st night we went to the JW Bar (40th floor) and had a nice cocktail. we had been sitting down for only a few minutes when a rather tired looking Chinese girl (wearing an old coat) came to our seating area (a small alcove area with one chair and one long,set back seat) and asked us if we would mind if she sat there. we had no objections as we were talking to each other about plans for the weekend. The Chinese girl then proceeded to ask us where we came from, whether we were husband and wife and finaly saying that she liked English men. As we did not obviously respond in the correct/usual manner she left only to repeat the same thing to a group of Americans, substituting I like English men to American Men. We left the bar and went down to the lobby lounge/bar and had another cocktail which when arrived was not what we had ordered. I took it to the bar and explained that it was wrong (it was a velevet glove which should have had chocolate/vanilla/creme de menthe and cream in it)as this drink did not obviously contain any cream but was rather like a martini. The barman apologised and brought me another free double bourbon whilst he made the correct cocktail. this duly arrived but was still not the correct thing. yes it did contain cream this time, in fact it looked remarkably like a large alcoholic milkshake. still nevermind it tasted nice. The next night we went to the same bar and asked for the cocktail menu, only to be told that they didn't do the cocktails in this bar and we should go to the other bar on the 40th floor. this took us back a little as we had a cocktail at this bar only the day before..but the waitress was adamant that we should go to the 40th. we didn't, we went to our room and rang the service manager expecting some form of apology. we didn't get one, it seems that we shouldn't have been given the cocktail on our 1st night..it was a mistake. explains why it wasn't correctly made. on the whole though a very good hotel.	
Jan 5 2006	One of the best hotels I've stayed in	An absolutely superb hotel, fantastic service, well equipped room, wonderfully comfortable bed, great resturants and great location.Take time to visit the Mandarin Spa also.Trust me, the Hyatt Pudong is a good hotel, this is much better.	
Dec 8 2005	Excellent but slightly behind the Grand Hyatt experience	After staying at the stunning Grand Hyatt and disappointing Ritz Carlton, I checked-in to the JW Marriott at Tomorrow Square. I thought after a post Grand Hyatt stay, no other hotel can come close to match the experience. I was quite wrong as the JW Marriott is quite a contender although in no way to outshine Hyatt.LOCATION: Prime position in the middle of Nanjing road with Renmin Park and Shanghai Museum across the road. A visit to the Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Hall amidst the park is a must as it provides scale model of current and future Shanghai. Massive shopping centers and landmark locally-owned department stores are within walking distance.EXTERIOR: Architecturally striking, you either love it or loathe it. The futuristic 60 storey skyscrapers is Shanghai’s third tallest. It resembles a pen with its pyramid shape roof and a unique twisting half of the structure block midway, which is visually interesting when view from different angles. The building is designed by the same architect who gives you the Portman Ritz Carlton, Westin Shanghai, The Oriental and Regent Singapore; and Hyatt Regency Atlanta &amp; San Francisco: the atrium wizard, John Portman.DESIGN: Similar in format to the Grand Hyatt Shanghai: guests are whisked to the lobby at Level 38 (Hyatt is at 54) where views are similarly stunning. With the absence of the central core atrium as in Hyatt, Marriott’s lobby level is more spacious with a smaller 3 storey atrium with a grand staircase leading to the restaurants above. Rooms start from Level 41 to 59 (Hyatt from 57 to 87).ROOMS: Room size is smaller than the Hyatt's, and the plan is typical rectangular hotel rooms. The décor is more the mainstream 5 star hotels which may suit to a wider audience whereas the Hyatt is more design-oriented, sophisticated and stylish. Nonetheless, it is still a nice room with one whole timber panel wall by the bed, and a nice platform by the wall to sit by and enjoy the view. Sitting area is very cramped on twin bed rooms, so look for king bed rooms for extra space. Also, Opt for room facing the Huangpu river / the Oriental Pearl Tower. At mid winter period, the fog obstructed most of the view and you are literally living in the sky. Bathroom is spacious which is nicely finished with bright color marble and frosted glass door.SERVICE: Typical 5 star. There’s always beautiful female staffs by the lift greeting each guest with a seemingly genuine smile at Ground and Lobby levels. Beware of the porter at the entrance who has a way of tricking hotel guests to hire an expensive Mercedes Taxi (not owned by the hotel). We hailed a regular taxi to Zhouzuang (Unesco’s world heritage site) which is a couple hours drive from Shanghai. As we stepped in, the female porter asked us to get out and changed to the Mercedes taxi for what she claimed to be the same price. As we start driving, the driver refused to use the meter and started to bargain the price. He said normally the 4 hours trip would cost RMB1000 (half the hotel price), but for that day he claimed to gladly to offer RMB600. We simply felt cheated, but had no choice. It was a great ride anyway with the brand new Mercedes, so we’re not complaining.FACILITIES: Great facilities on the hotel complex. It has adjoining retail podium which houses Starbucks and other shops; a spacious Mandara Spa, and a rooftop indoor and outdoor pool. During winter, the free-form pool is just a big empty hole. To visit the pool, guests have to pass the Spa entrance, walk across to a different lift bank, take a lift up, then stroll along a long glass-house corridor amidst zen garden before reaching the pool ‘club house’ style lobby. Very nice despite the long journey.OVERALL, a very good hotel. Excellent location, beautiful rooms, comprehensive facilities and good pool area. I would rate this hotel slightly lower than the Grand Hyatt, as Hyatt does it better: better building, better design and more stylish.	
Nov 10 2005	Fantastic should be a 5 star!	Last Visit:March 2005I spent 2 weeks in Shanghai. We stayed at the Four Seasons(Awful), Grand Hyatt(Average,Poor service) and we stayed at the JW Marriott. We Canceled our other booked nights with Four Seasons/Grand Hyatt and went back to the JW Marriott. The service is fantastic! They really had the quality of service down! It was a great stay. May I recommend getting a club room. The club lounge is an Oasis with fantastic views and great people. They will really help you out if ask!Great place! Highly Recommended and I don't say that often.	
Nov 4 2005 	Very Nice Hotel -- Skip the Executive Floor though	I agree with the previous post for the most part. This hotel is VERY nice. Nice rooms, not huge (and we were upgraded to a corner room which was supposed to be bigger), very nice bathrooms, very comfortable bed (which is hard to find in China). But the executive floor lounge is a dissapointment at best. Hardly any food, hardly anything to drink and bad, rude service. Staying in an executive room by the way is EXACTLY the same as staying in standard room. I have stayed here like 8 times now and have been in both. So don't pay extra for the executive room - you aren't getting anything for it but access to the executive lounge which I have just explained is not worth it. I've heard wonderful things about the Westin and plan to try that one next time.	
Nov 1 2005	Wonderful Views	I recently stayed at the JW Marriott after reading reviews in Trip Advisor. My friend and I stayed in an Executive Room - not all that big but fairly comfortable. Bathroom was a bit disappointing as it was much smaller than I had been led to believe. We were on the 57th floor with a magnificent view towards the Bund. The Executive lounge was on the 59th. The food in the Executive lounge was fairly ordinary but very nice never the less. The drink was another matter - this was only served between 5 and 7.30. Not once did we receive a drink that was well mixed, there was either too much gin, too much tonic etc., The last night I asked for a brandy and ginger but was told they had &quot;none left&quot;.Everytime (and that was quite often) that we went to the lounge we were asked our room number. We were there for 6 days so it seemed a bit strange that we were asked so many times. Two woman amongst mainly men, you would have thought we would have stood out.We went on two tours with a tour group recommended by the hotel - the first was round Shanghai and we were a little disappointed at the lack of ground covered in 8 hours. The next tour was to Zhouzhuang - just a driver and guide. The guide was not forthcoming with much information and we wandered round this beautiful water village having lunch at a very mediocre little place. On the way back instead of telling us information he had the audacity to go to sleep. I also found that having a car with driver and guide becomes a shopping trip where you are taken to places to buy - commission I guess being the incentive. If you are in a larger tour party the pressure is not put on you to buy. We would not use this tour company again.Other than that compared with Club and Executive rooms I have stayed in the JW at Tomorrow Square was very uninspiring. The hotel though is a magnificent hotel and well worth a visit but don't bother about the executive lounge unless you are a business person ane require their facilities.	
Sep 13 2005	A Many Splendored Thing	We live in Canada everything is self-service in so called 5 star establishment.This hotel is tomorrow's future but in tody's dain age. Staff are drowning with politeness. Was upgraded to a large corner room.Each time you leave the room they will come in and tidy up. Stayed at the Grand Hyatt in Sept./05. Standard is about the same.Food is excellent and location is great.Stayed at The Wynn Hotel, Las Vegas last week nothing to write home about, everything is self-service.Welcome China you will be the new superpower, you lead others follow and envy.	
Jul 27 2005	JW Marriott Tomorrow Square	Fabulous, can highly recommend this hotel. Cab ride to &quot;the market&quot; was only 15yuan including tip. Great location.	
Jul 20 2005	Gas Mask at Swimming Pool		
Jun 25 2005 	Like this Hotel		
Jun 15 2005 	Very good expensive breakfast		
May 23 2005	Wow!		
Mar 30 2005 	Great JW Mariott Shanghai		
Mar 21 2005	JW Marriottt Shanghai - Worthy of a 5 star rating		
Mar 14 2005	Excellent location 		
Jan 2 2005 	A very good choice		
Nov 30 2004	The Best		
Aug 26 2004 	Excellent business hotel		
Nov 18 2009 	??????		
Nov 15 2009 	??????????????		
Oct 5 2009 	?????????????		
Oct 5 2009 	????????????2???		
Sep 26 2009 	????????		
Sep 16 2009 	??????????		
Sep 7 2009 	VERY GOOD !		
Sep 2 2009 	??????????????		
Aug 27 2009 	????????????		
Jul 22 2009 	???????????????????		
Jun 9 2009 	????????????		
Jun 9 2009 	???????????		
Apr 16 2009	Nicht zu empfehlen		
Feb 5 2009 	?????		
