	Just not quite there yet...	Date of Stay: November 27-29,2009Room Type: Deluxe River Vie RoomUpgrade: noneAmount Paid Per Night: 3,800RMB (560USD) plus taxesReservation Method: Peninsula WebsiteLoyalty Card: NoneAirport/Hotel Transfer: Came with the hotel package but they picked me up at the Park Hyatt instead of the airport since I was just moving between hotels. The driver doesn't speak english at all, but I'm not all that chatty anyway. Location: It's directly on the &quot;main&quot; Bund area (which is under a lot of road work these days for the World Expo in 2010) just two blocks from Nanjing Road. Taxi's don't know where the hell it is but I suppose its because it's new. Check-in: check in counter was filled with staff but they can't seem to get it right, it took them 15 minutes to get my key to work but after 15 minutes they decided to just take me up first to the room and just send up the key later. (it finally took them 2 hours to do that because of some malfunction on the system)Room: The room was weird. it was big enough to be a Junior suite or at least a Grand Deluxe room. When you enter the door you have an anteroom, ahead is the door to the bedroom and to your left is the walk in closet. The problem was the window in the bedroom was on the corner and not as big as those on the photos, it was like just 1 meter wide, so you can see part of the Pudong Skyline (with the correct angle you can see the Pearl TV tower) and on the other side you can see another river. I'm not really particular about the view but the problem was the roof of the tent they placed in front of the window which obstructed the view even more. Like I said i'm really not particular about it but when you pay so much for a river view, you expect at least a descent one. I called the operator they said the front desk is busy but will call as soon as they can, i waited for an hour, literally finished watching the latest episode on Glee on the TV from my iPod.They eventually called after I called the operator again to follow up, at first they told me there is nothing they could do about it but they could move me to a suite the following day. When I told them that since I'm only in for 2 night and having just transferred after my first night at Park Hyatt I don't want to go through the inconvenience of moving to another room again. They finally showed another room a smaller one this time but it has the same problem because half the view was blocked by the hotel building. In fact from the bed, you can only see the other side of the huangpu river, the Pudong skyline could only be seen from the side where the work desk and TV are. So left between a bigger room with half a small obstructed view or a small room with the wrong view, we settled for the bigger room.Bathroom: is big, instead of the relief shown on the bathroom photos, they have a window. The shower stall was adequate, not really small but not as big as the one at Park Hyatt either. The toilet is pretty standard, I expected it to be automated like the ones at Peninsula Tokyo or Park Hyatt Beijing &amp; Shanghai, so I was quite disappointed when I said it wasn't .Bed: Bed was very comfortable not really too soft and not hard either, but the pillows were too soft, I use down feather pillows at home and they aren't that soft...your head literally sinks on it.. Breakfast: breakfast was chaotic, it felt more like a Chinese restaurant at lunch hour than a hotel lobby and it wasn't even because of the hotel guests. You'd expect that after a month the staff would be a bit better in what they were doing than that and the american breakfast was served cold. Check-out: Check out okay but when I was going up to my room from breakfast I told the guy at the front desk that I am running a bit late for my flight and could they print my stuff so we could make it faster. But when I got down I was surprised they didn’t do anything given that the front desk didn’t have much guests so they weren’t even too busy to accede to my request.Overall Evaluation: The Peninsula never made it feel like that I was special or welcome. Okay, the &quot;Good Morning&quot;. &quot;Zhao shang hao&quot;, &quot;nin hao&quot;, is perfunctory so it doesn't really count. They won't even greet you when you pass the front desk, they would be busy minding their own stuff talking to other staff. I really have to say it wasn't very welcoming. They also have to work on their English, I have been to China so many times that I'm pretty much used to the level of English they use, but even for a new hotel (having stayed at the Le Royal Meridien and Hyatt on the Bund just months after they opened) I have to say the Peninsula staff just doesn't cut it. Would I stay there again? I doubt I would ever come back, on my next trip I might just stay at the Park Hyatt instead since they did offer a room upgrade on my next visit or the Fairmont might be open by then.	
Nov 21 2009 	During the Soft Opening	Inspite of many of the hotel's services not being fully operational, it is clear that this will be an excellent place to stay when all is completed. The rooms are spectacular.	
Nov 18 2009 	Beautiful throughout but some work to be done on the service	The Peninsula has probably the most beautiful hotel room I have ever stayed in - a perfect combination of ancient and modern Chinese, with a slice of art deco(check out the photos). Every detail is exquisite and the idea of the dressing roomoutside the bathroom is so superb I wonder why nobody has ever thought of it before.And the details are carried through into the public areas too which aregorgeous too. The bed was also the most comfortable I have ever slept in anywhere. And the internet radio worked well, as did the internet phone which allows free international calls. The service from the front of house staff was generally excellent as was the pick-upfrom the airport. But the service in the restaurants definitely needs some work. Wewent to the Cantonese restaurant one evening and the poor service let the place down- wine brought late and seemingly fresh from a microwave rather than a fridge, winerefills unforthcoming, general inattentiveness from the staff. Even worse wasbreakfast where service was pretty shoddy for a top-class hotel with wrong ordersbeing delivered, refills of tea/coffee missing, and tables generally being ignored.Worst of all was one morning when my plate was delivered with some unwanted baconwhich I had specifically said was not needed. When I said it was the wrong order thewaitress offered to remove the bacon from the plate and kindly explained that thefood had been cooked separately. Only when I explained why I wanted a new plate didshe bring one. Laughably inept.It's great that the hotel is training new staff but I'd leave it a while until thestaff are up to speed. By contrast, the other hotel we stayed in Shanghai (the Puli, seeseparate review) was impeccable. I'd give that one a go while the Peninsula gets up to speed.	
Nov 10 2009	Luxury	After an absence of a decade, I finally returned to Shanghai, and was stunned to find a city that I barely recognized; luxury and style could be found all around.I arrived in Pudong's new terminal 2 - world class. Hoped on the Maglev Train, and has a great ride! A shame it doesn't take you all the way into town - badly thought out - but still a fun experience. Stayed at the newly opened Peninsula Hotel. Though I still prefer their Hong Kong property, their rooms were beautiful and well appointed! Was blown away by the afternoon tea in the Park Hyatt out in Pudong. Had several exceptional dinners: Mr. and Mrs. Bund, and Franck's. Both French. Service was impeccable, atmosphere lively and sophisticated, food terrific. What more can one ask. Drinks at Bar Rouge, M1NT and Lounge 18. Shanghai is definitely on its way to competing with the NY's and Londons of this world.	
Oct 31 2009 	great potential but they still have some work to do	My 9 year old daughter and I stayed at the new Peninsula for 3 nights during the second week of the soft opening. First the positives: rooms are beautiful and spacious; the closet/dressing room is huge, the bathroom is large and luxurious with separate bath and shower; the lobby is attractive (although the Lobby restaurant is too close to the hotel entrance); security is excellent, with security staff on the street and elevator access limited to guests with keys; there is a very large and welcoming staff, and every time we entered the hotel, we were greeted by more than 10 people; free international calls (and yes, this really works); they have a full time staff member at the airport to meet flights and send guests off, and he was able to help us check in for our Chicago flight in the business class line, even though we had coach tickets); good location just off the Bund (although Beijing road, just past the entrance, is crowded with tour busses and the sidewalks are jammed with tour groups); if you go in 2009 be aware that the river walk is completely closed as it is under construction for Expo 2010.Now the negatives:(I won't complain that the pool wasn't open as we had been told this in advance)check in: it took 3 tries for our room key to work when we checked ingym: good equipment but no headphones provided, no fruit (you get a towel and bottle of water when you walk in)water: you can't drink the water in China, and they supply water bottles with turn down service, but that is not enough water for tooth brushing and drinking during the day-they should supply more free water in the room (maybe stock a cabinet?)restaurants: we ate at the Lobby for breakfast daily (included in our room rate) and once for dinner, had room service dinner once, and had one dinner in the Cantonese restaurant. Each meal included between 1 and 5 errors: 2 billing errors (price on the bill was higher than the price on the menu-once in the Lobby, once in the Cantonese restaurant) and many errors about what we ordered (too numerous to list here). After the billing errors, they corrected the bills and apologized but did not offer to remove those items (as most luxury hotels in the US would have done). After the breakfast with at least 5 errors, I spoke to a manager to let him know that the wait staff was not able to understand all of our requests. concierge: although very friendly, they seem poorly trained. i asked one of them how long it would take to walk from the Pearl tv tower to the hotel, and he didn't know; then i asked if the tourist tunnel under the river was worth seeing, and he said he had never been there; these attractions are within easy walking distance of the hotel, and it seems odd that the concierge had never been there. We wanted to see an acrobat show and were not able to get tickets for the night we wanted-I don't think this makes sense at the Peninsula-they should have access to these tickets; when we got tickets for a different show, they said they would deliver the taxi directions to our room, but they never did.All of the above, I can attribute to the soft opening-everyone is still in training, and we knew we were coming during a &quot;soft opening&quot; so our expectations were not too high. But we did have one inexcusable negative experience. Our last night, the master light switch stopped working, and we were left with no ability to control the lights, in a pitch black room, with only the mood light on in the bathroom. I had to feel my way to the desk and use my computer screen as a light so that I could call the front desk. They sent a maintenance person up quickly, but it took him more than 15 minutes to figure out how to fix the lights. Being stuck in a dark room for so long was very disturbing, especially to my daughter. I called a manager and after about 20 minutes, she came to my room. I let her know how upset we were (what is the point of all those fancy controls if they don't work!) and asked her to consider adjusting our bill to reflect the light fiasco and some of the other poor service issues we had experienced.When we checked out, I was surprised to see that the bill had not been adjusted. (there was also a breakfast charge, which they promptly removed as our breakfast had been included in our rate); when i asked, the manager gave my 9 year old a teddy bear and told me she'd booked the Rolls Royce to take us to the airport. (our rate included ariport transfers). While we enjoyed the Rolls Royce, I still think they should have adjusted our bill and am certain that the Peninsula in Chicago (where we stay several times a year) would have adjusted the bill under similar circumstances. I will be traveling to China regularly on business and will think twice before returning to this hotel, unless I hear that they have sorted out their service issues. But it is beautiful, so I hope they can train their staff better to fit in with the luxurious surroundings. And I hope they are reading these reviews and taking steps to resolve the remaining issues.	
Oct 30 2009 	Don't go yet still need time...	We stayed 4 nights/5 days in the hotel. I will concede the hotel had been only opened for 3 days when we arrived but having the Peninsula badge one expects a certain level of competent service regardless of how new the hotel is. The room (an Executive Suite) was clean, nicely decorated and the welcoming chocolates from the hotel as well as a box of truffles from Armani was a nice touch. Upon unpacking we found out our room safe did not work and within moments front desk had dispatched personnel for an inspection. He was the first of two that evening. The next day the safe was still in-operable, another call went down, by the third day I gave up. I had by this time moved my valuables down to the lobby safe which was an inconvenience however I had no choice. The matter was finally solved the day before I left, when I mentioned this to the duty manager he was surprised to hear of it as he was only just informed of the situation! When I went down to the lobby safe to retrieve my valuables, the front desk clerk gently reminded me I have a room safe so it was unnecessary to have to use the lobby safe!During our stay the living room, bedroom and the bathrooms were always kept very clean. I have no complaints whatsoever with the housekeeping service. There is however a design flaw that can be a problem. In the changing room area the dressing table runs about 5' long, while very useful especially for women there is a 1 1/2&quot; gap between the wall and the edge of the table so if anything falls over you won't be able to access it, not even from the bottom as it is a sealed unit. The hairdryer is asthmatic so if you have long hair give yourself plenty of time because even at the highest fan and temperature setting it barely pumps out any hot air.The car service is a bit of a nightmare, I ordered a hotel car to fetch my daughter from her friend's house in the Pudong area (45 minutes away) The car was organized at 5:15 PM and I was assured the driver would be leaving immediately but the car did not pick up my child until almost 7 pm - we never made it to our dinner reservation that night.Our nightly rate included 2 American breakfasts (2 eggs, sausage, ham and bacon, yoghurt and granola parfait, fruit plate and toast) but the breakfast is so big neither my two daughters nor I envisioned eating it everyday for 4 days. We chose from the menu instead. The hotel should allow guests to chose their own items rather than enforce such a massive meal on individuals. To make matters worse, not one of our breakfast meal was correct - ever! The first day we had room service and even after three attempts to get it right we finally gave up, items ordered never showed even when asked for. Service in the lobby restaurant is just not what expects from a 5 star hotel. If you offer the service of pouring me a cup of tea then you had best pay attention to my cup content because I will NOT flag down wait staff to pour me a cup, DON&quot;T show up at my side as I'm pouring MYSELF a cup and tell ME it is your job - if it is your job then just do it!If I ask for the teapot to be moved closer to me just as it was about to be set down by the waitress DO NOT EVER frisbee the coaster from the other end of the table to me before coming around with the teapot! Secondly put the teacup down gently and not with a thud and a clank! This is more like dim sum hall service rather 5 star hotel service!	
Oct 22 2009 	Peninsula Shanghai – Day three (since opening) – the Room Tech facts	If there is one thing you won&quot;t be short of when you check into a room at the newly opened Peninsula Shanghai, it&quot;s a button to press. There is a myriad of them to choose from! In my standard room #723 (if such a thing exists at this luxurious establishment) there are no less that 29 panels containing various buttons, displays and sockets that you can press, read or plug things into.If there is one thing you won&quot;t be short of when you check into a room at the newly opened Peninsula Shanghai, it&quot;s a button to press. There is a myriad of them to choose from!In my standard room #723 (if such a thing exists at this luxurious establishment) there are no less that 29 panels containing various buttons, displays and sockets that you can press, read or plug things into.At the very comfortable desk, you can check the outdoor climate, to include wind velocity, and at an adjacent panel, it&quot;s possible to tune through a variety of internet radio channels. And if you still feel audio-deprived, an MP3/ ipod dock sitting above the unit permits audio playback via the hi-fi system just behind you near the big flat screen LCD TV.The 2-line sleek looking color screen desk IP phone – one of seven telephony-enabled units in the room permits free VOIP calls providing you first press the VOIP button. I tried it and it worked first time by following the simple on-screen instructions. The interface has 9 languages you can choose from, and if you want, you can pair a Bluetooth enabled device to the phone – such as a mobile phone for transferring the address book.Docking an iPOD is very straightforward, and my 3GS iPHONE worked a treat allowing me to playback my tunes. I did get a message when first docking to say it was not supported – but I pressed clear and there I was listening to The Beatles. However please note, that the unit does not charge the battery [at least on my unit] so watch out. Just above the iPOD dock on the wall, is a curtain control panel and that is mirrored on the other side – very easy to access and saves you standing up or walking 8 steps.On the side of the desk you can find a panel allowing HSIA connectivity (but no in-room supplied LAN cable), a legacy dial-up port, and a USB connector for the 4-in-one printer, fax, scanner copier that lives in a cupboard behind the desk. Again, no cable in the room. There is one power socket that is international style providing 220v and a 110v unit directly above it. Since most laptops come with auto-sensing power bricks, I guess you can say the desk has two power sockets. The same type of power sockets can be found by the TV, in the dressing area and bathroom. There are no easily available power sockets by the bed. Wi-Fi and wired broadband are free – a speedtest showed a 3Mb connection – using a LAN cable and a 100Mb port.The king size bed has night-stands on both sides and these are a mirror of each other with the same type of phone as the desk, plus a bedside control panel with another 29 buttons – seems they like the number 29 here. On the wall, there is a reading light control unit. The His and Hers controls are a nice touch but I wonder which one wins in controlling the TV...A wall unit behind the desk is a big feature in the room and houses the fax machine, Nespresso coffee maker, Mini bar fridge, DVD player, multimedia docking panel and LCD TV.The multimedia panel (concealed under the TV) has connectors and receptacles into which you should just about be able to plug everything in. This includes HDMI and four different SD/CF type cards from cameras and other digital media card using devices. The TV remote is used for the volume control. Sound reproduction is fairly crisp. There is a USB socket, but I suspect it&quot;s not for power, just files playback.As you enter the bedroom, there is (of course) a panel on your left side that can be pushed to choose one of four pre-set lighting moods, as well as let you increase or decrease humidity – dry or wet as they call it. Mine was showing 56%.The dressing area houses the room safe which is recessed into the wall, and hidden behind a panel where there is a press-type knob to release the door lock. The safe is big enough to house my 17&quot; MacBook Pro.By the mirror in the dressing area, can be found the signature nail dryer made famous by Fraser Hickox at the Peninsula Tokyo. Adjacent to that is another panel showing the outside temperature plus UV and humidity which really makes sense, since when you dress up, you need to know how many layers to wear before braving the elements. Next to that is a radio panel so you can listen to the news or your favorite local or internet based radio station. And just in case the phone rings, there is a wall-mounted handset within arms reach.A Butler box allows you to leave your laundry or shoes for polishing, and after pressing the valet call button, the valet should sprint along and pick up the items for servicing without bothering you, and this goes for returning them. It&quot;s now been more than two hours since I pressed the button, and my scuffed shoes are still there.The bathroom has two vanity units – one on either side of the room. One of them has an easily readable LCD clock on the wall, and the other is complete with A/V controls for the TV/music and a hands-free phone. There are of course power sockets at both vanity units for your toothbrush or where you can plug in the hotel supplied hairdryer.The bathtub is an area where you can control the TV, and make a phone-call - almost hands-free by utilizing the wall mounted control panel.Not to be outdone, the toilet cubicle has another phone that can be used in hands-free mode although it does have a handset as well. There is a Privacy button and Emergency Assistance call unit.Something to note is that all panels and switches are labeled in Chinese and English, and temperature controls can be switched from C to F.If you are seeking refuge from panels, switches and lights, there is just one area of the room which is free of such services and that&quot;s the shower cubicle. Here you can enjoy another type of power trip - a power shower.A nice product – my hat goes off to the Peninsula IT Team for putting it all together – I know what a struggle it must have been. And if there is one group who can make that happen – it&quot;s the PENINSULA.Another star is definitely born.	
