Nov 1 2009 	Hidden Gem. No Westin but perfectly fine.	Why would you want to stay there?* Value-conscious shopper* Be in the heart of the French Concession* Stay in a newish (though not brand new) establishment* Be able to get to the metro in under 5 minutes on foot. * Be close to bars and restaurants* Spotlessly clean, flat screen TV, comfy bed with good quality linen.Why wouldn't you want to stay there?* If you prefer generously proportioned roomsHow much?* expect to pay just under US$100 a night.This hotel is now my default choice when travelling for leisure.	
Oct 29 2009 	Fantastic hotel	Stayed there for a couple of nights,could have done with more. The room is fabulous,bathroom is superb. Bell hops and concierges were all extremely helpful. Location is faultless. Lots of eating places around the area and also small boutiques for shopping.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great hotel great location	My parents go to Shanghai nearly every year and normally stay at the Donghu Hotel which is right up the street from the new HoJo HuaiHai. However we decided to give HoJo a chance this time as the hotel was recently completed and was advertising a very good promotional rate. The rooms were excellent - very comfortable, not as big as the Donghu but still a comfortable size. The showers were high pressure and felt great. Location is great - on a major commercial artery in Puxi, walking distance to a number of shops and restaurants, short cab ride (or long walk) to a number of bar areas, near 2 subway stations if you want to take public transport. We didn't try the restaurant at the hotel -- it appeared to serve mostly Western food so we were not interested.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great staff great location a very nice hotel to call home for a week	My wife and I started our Honeymoon around the world at this hotel and we are very pleased with our choice of this fabulous hotel. We were greeted nicely everytime we came or went from the hotel. The staff we always very nice and helpful and did their best to answer our questions. Not everyone's english was perfect but it was more than adequate for anyone with a modicum of patience. The location is a long city block away from a grocery and a shopping mall. In the same place as the grocery and the shopping is the train station which is your portal to the rest of shanghai. There are some very good restaurants a stones throw away as well. The hotel was clean and quiet. The amenities were good as well. Being able to watch the NBA playoffs in the morning was different but enjoyable. For those travelers who don't speak the local language(s) be sure to grab a map and a &quot;take me home&quot; card from the concierge. It will make getting home so much easier. Also don't be afraid to ask your concierge for anything that you are looking for. They will either go and find it for you or send you in the right direction (marked on your map).We look foward to staying here again,	
Jun 16 2009 	Exploring the French Concession - Start here!	A good place to stay if you wish to explore the French Concession, which is one of the very few spots that offer something close to a pleasant walk in Shanghai. The hotel is 10min from the Line 1 Shaanxi Nanlu (Shaanxi Road South) Station, 15min in the rain. No easy access to 24-hr stores, but you can stock up on water and snacks at the basement of Parksons (mall above metro) on your way back to the hotel. Touts at traffic junctions.Huaihai Zhonglu (the former Avenue Joffre), on which the metro sits, offers loads of dining and shopping choices. It leads out to quieter streets where you get spots of culture and history (eg. Donghu hotel, Ruijin hotel, Fuxing Park, former residence of Sun Yat Sen, former residence of Soong Ching-ling, or even Xintiandi - all walkable from this hotel). A quieter, almost pretty spot away from the rest of Shanghai under construction.Stay at this hotel if you don't want to have to put up with the remotest possibility of encountering mold, rust, dirt or aging furniture, and yet don't want to pay 5-star rates. Was upgraded to a deluxe room after 1 night in a superior room due to a faulty lock, but could not really tell the difference, except the complimentry plate of fruits and maybe a &quot;better&quot; view on a higher floor? Nothing to shout about, the sky's all grey and polluted everywhere.You get HBO and the usual fare on cable in all rooms. Buffet breakfast has a decent variety: Chinese porridge and the usual eggs, ham and cereal. They will ask for a 600-yuan deposit at check-in, no matter what your online agent says.	
Apr 12 2009 	A good place for shopper and nightlife...	Certainly one of the best locations in Shanghai.Nice hotel with very comfortable and clear rooms including LCD TV with a good choice of international channels.Complimentary internet in the room.Interesting design for the bathroom (especially the wash bassin) and all white.Really like the duckies!!!! on the tub.Bedding and mattress was excellent for a good sleep after a good shopping and night life...Eco friendly hotel using only recycling paper or fabrics instead of plastic.Good job and congratualtions for that.Bell boy service was good at check in and check out.	
Feb 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel and very good location	Room are very clean and nice.Free internet service is an advantage.Friendly staff.Over all an excellent choice !!!	
Dec 1 2008 	Great Hotel great service good location	It was my first visit to Shanghai, I spend 4 nights at this hotel and I can really say the rooms are excelent, the bathroom very nice and clean (as it should be), very modern and confortable bedroom, the restaurant of the hotel serves good food, the attention at the lobby and the concierge was extremely nice, cordial and impecable. I will definitely go back to this hotel in my next visit to Shanghai.	
Nov 22 2008 	just perfect	Really enjoyed my stay there.Rooms where clean. The room was equipped with everything I could think of.Location is perfect.Breakfast was fresh and tasty.Price was extremely affordable for an hotel in this quality.no view from the hotel back rooms though.	
Aug 24 2008 	Can't wait to come back!	The building is magnificent, HIGH quality design and atmosphere. The service was friendly and very helpful. Most of the staff understands English. My room exceeds expectations, the exercise facility has treadmills, free weights, combo exercise machine, and other equipment...it also has 2 flat screen tv's, bottles of water and towels. The restaurant is great, the breakfast is AMAZING, they have traditional Chinese dishes along w/ traditional American breakfast foods like bacon, eggs, pancakes, etc. I highly recommend staying here, my stay has been comfortable, seemless and very ENJOYABLE!	
Jul 16 2008 	Wow!	After having stayed in Shanghai several times, I finally decided to give the Hojo Hua Hai Rd a try. It's location is just off the famous Hua Hai Rd, smack in the middle of the former French Concession. Upon walking into the small but adequate lobby you will be confronted with sit down check in, very friendly and helpful staff.The rooms are a greater surprise with new furnishings, all the mod cons, whopping big LCD TV on the wall, rubber duckie's in the bath tub and separate shower and bath. Views are straight across the French Concession.Not to mention that English wasn't a problem, even for the housekeeping staff, and the service from the bell boys is slick. Overall I cant possibly find fault with hotel, the best I have seen in it's 4 star class in Asia.	
Nov 16 2009 	De bonne qualite personel parlant anglais		
Apr 13 2009 	Muy buena ubicacion		
Jan 3 2009 	??????		
