Aug 31 2009 	Avoid this hotel - it sucks	Lets start with the negatives: 1) Horrible Location - construction all around the area, noise and disgusting people walking around, smells bad outside, solid 10 minute walk to the train station, food options are crap (just a McDonalds) 2) Beds - Awful, unless you like sleeping on a rock 3) Internet - crap 4) Food - breakfast selection was small and not good 5) Amenities - No pool or gym. 6) Room service - seems to be closed after 11pm...they told us to try McDonalds. Positives: The customer service was excellent, after we complained about the room they upgraded us to a suite, which was marginally tolerable. I advise you not to stay here, look for a hotel closer to the city centre near the bund/TV tower area.	
Dec 3 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed at the Days Hotel Shanghai in November 2008. A really good hotel, very comfortable and the staff are great. The rooms are really spacious, and the bathrooms are just great - with a bath and a separate shower.We found the glass wall between the bedroom and the bathroom quite funny. We would not have been able to afford this hotel had we booked directly but I do know that the tour agency that we booked through got a really fabulous deal.I would definitely recommend this hotel to couples who want a comfortable stay. There is also a hair and beauty salon in the hotel which was very useful.My only problem with this hotel was the location. I would definitely not recommend walking around the neighbourhood at night even though it is right next door to the railway station. It is about a 15 minute taxi ride to the main shopping and tourist spots. Taxis are quite inexpensive though.	
May 4 2008 	Didn't Love It	Part of the Days Inn chain, the Days Hotel in Shanghai is possibly a bit more modern and upscale than its North American counterpart; however, the location of the hotel left very little to be desired. Located just north of the main Shanghai attractions (the Bund, Nanjing Road, etc), the Days Hotel sticks out like a sore thumb amongst construction rubble. The closest subway station is the Shanghai Railway Station but the walk towards the subway was down an alleyway lined with vomit and reeking of a heavy urine smell. Our room had two double beds, both firm but comfortable. Bedding was white cotton duvets and the room came with two free bottles of water per day. On our first night, we discovered a huge brown, sticky substance on the sheets at the top of the bed by the headboard. The next morning, imagine our embarrassment when our room attendant discovered the stain and looked at us accusingly! We tried our best in broken Chinese to tell her it wasn’t our fault and that it was there when we arrived. She changed the sheets and later that day, we found the same brown, sticky stain on it in exactly the same location! We discovered that the stain was actually battery acid that had been leaking from a flashlight located just above the bed. We brought the flashlight down to the lobby manager and explained to him what had happened. He said he would call housekeeping to get the soiled sheets changed but no one came that night. The next day, new sheets appeared along with a non-leaking flashlight.Breakfast buffet was served on the 3rd floor and it offered both North American and Chinese selections. We had an early departure (5:30am) and the hotel was kind enough to package up a breakfast on the go for us which included a container with two cakes, a bottle of water, a yogurt and an orange.I wouldn’t choose to stay at this hotel again just because we didn’t enjoy the location. It was dank and desolate. The street on the other side of the railway station looked to be more modern and brightly lit but we never ventured there.	
Apr 11 2008	Loved the Food.	This Hotel is quite close to Shanghai Station but you cannot hear the trains in fact it was very quiet up on th 12th floor.The rooms are superb with every facility available (Razors toothbrushes combs etc.etc.)The in house Restaurants were superb and excellent value.The Concierge were extremely helpful with booking tours,Taxi's,and an evening show which was superb.The surrounding area is about to be redeveloped like a lot of Shanghai but don't be put off by this.This is an excellent Hotel at a very reasonable price.Mick &amp; Jean London	
Apr 1 2008 	New and modern	Days Hotel is a relatively new and modern hotel located in a mixed residential/commercial area that is some distance to Shanghai's tourist spots like the Bund and the Museum. We stayed there for 3 nights in late February as part of a Smartours group from San Francisco. This hotel is part of the Days Inn franchise.The areas on both sides of the hotel appeared to have recently been cleared so the views from some rooms including ours were not that good. All we saw were plenty of debris but in 3-5 years these areas will have new high rises (same is true in many sections of Shanghai where they are clearing old neighborhoods for redevelopment.) There were restaurants and shops across the hotel including a McDonalds a block away. We felt safe walking around the neighborhood even though some residential areas looked blighted.Our room was standard with 2 full beds. Bathroom was large with a tub (some rooms have see-through baths.) All furnishings were modern including the 27 inch LCD TV and a sophisticated light control switch by the bed. Room had small fridge and complementaries included 2 bottles of water, coffee and tea, slippers, free use of safe and DSL connection. There was a weighing scale (great for checking our luggage weight) plus bathrobes and full bath accessory kit (comb, toothbrush, swabs to go with the lotions and soap). Bed was very firm but OK. Heating was good. Room was comfortable and clean.The reception area was small but functional. We did not have a chance to explore the hotel facilities as we were mostly out on tours. It was interesting that the hotel's top floor was used as storage room rather than a penthouse or a restaurant..Our package included the daily breakfast buffets at the modern styled coffee shop on the third floor. Food was good with a wide variety of American dishes (bacon, sausage, eggs, toasts, cereals, salads, etc.) and Chinese dishes (fried rice, chow mein, pork dishes, dumplings, etc.) with the fruits and juices and an omelet station. We also ate at Ming Garden, the only restaurant in the hotel located on the second floor, and tried a variety of their dumplings and soup which were delicious and cheap ($12 for 2.) The place was empty except for our table and one other table so we have 3 waitresses waiting for us. They could not speak English (as most staff in this hotel except maybe for the clerks at the reception desk and the managers) so nobody warned me about the hot juice in one of the dumplings that squirted and scalded my upper lip (iced it and it was OK.)Because of its location, there was no choice but take a taxi to everywhere. Taxis were cheap ($2-3) but sometimes hard to flag down unless helped by the hotel doorman. Shanghai's traffic was bad and seemed worse than Beijing so a taxi ride could cost more. Shanghai has more rainy days but the hotel provides umbrellas for free use by guests.The hotel's ATM machine did not accept Visa/Mastercard so we had to walk 3-4 long blocks to the right of the hotel past the freeway to find one.All in all, hotel was clean, modern and comfortable and rates are a bargain. We do not mind staying here again.	
Mar 1 2008	So-so	Stayed here are a part of the Smartours package. This hotel was ok. It is brand new, and to be honest I was expecting more. It is pretty far from any tourist sites, and the immediate surrounding area is pretty desolate (they tore down a bunch of buildings so I assume construction will begin soon to build new sky scrapers). Catching a cab out front was never difficult, and you can always ask the hotel to do it for you. It also wasn't incredibly clean. My pillow had a smudge on it, and the bathroom had patches around the tub and toilet. Good variety of channels on the TV, including about 5 in english. Breakfast was very good, served in a trendy room. They had spring rolls, dumplings, eggs, toast, bacon etc. They did have free in room internet, which was great.	
Jan 1 2008 	Clean Comfortable...Highly Recommended!	We stayed at the Days Hotel, Shanghai in December of 2007. We wanted a decent location near a metro line, to allow for easy access throughout the metropolis. After looking at several hotels near the Railway Station, we decided this hotel was most favorable...and it didn't disappoint. Front-desk staff was pleasant and the reception area very large, modern and clean. Our rate was 400RMB/night (approx. $70.00 U.S.). You can save a few dollars by booking on Expedia. Other reviewers have commented on the general vicinity not being up to snuff, but I felt safe walking around the hotel. I was never bothered by anyone, and those annoying art students/tea ceremony scammers are nowhere to be found in this area either. Bonus! There are a number of small shops, grocery stores, etc. on the surrounding streets, as well as all the Western regulars (McDonalds, KFC, etc.). Rooms were large, immaculately clean and elegantly furnished. I found the beds to be quite comfortable compared to other hotels I stayed at in China and the bathrooms were especially nice after a long day of walking around Shanghai (beautiful tile work and a variety of good quality toiletries). There are a variety of TV channels, including HBO. Free internet access is provided. There is also a &quot;chocolate lady&quot; who will knock on your door around 6:00pm to hand out bite-size Dove bars to guests. All in all, I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 16 2007	A very nice hotel	The days hotel is a very nice hotel its still very new ,so everywhere is still very clean.The only complaint I have is the beds they were like concrete, we did ask reception if thay hadsofter matresses in any of the other rooms,the girl behind the desk gave us four more rooms to choose from we found one we thought might be a bit more comfotable but after sleeping on it we discovered it was'nt. The staff were great their englishwas'nt to good but we had no problems, we could always make ourselves understood.The breakfast is not the best I've had but its certainly not the worst.We never had any problems getting to where we needed to go either by taxi or metro which is very near by.	
Sep 2 2007 	Nice hotel but location not so good	When we first arrived at Days Hotel, I was rather worried that there were no other decent looking buildings around us. The surroundings were a bit run down, mostly small local shops catered to the locals. But I must say, our room turned out to be quite modern and was big enough for 4 of us (2 adults and 2 children). We only encountered one problem during our stay, and that was the toilet was blocked for the 1st night. We also found the air in the lobby to be unpleasant. I suggest anyone wanting to stay here to bear in mind that you will have to take a taxi to just about anywhere you want to go. Taxis are inexpensive. Reception employees do not speak good English but are extremely helpful.	
Aug 16 2009 	?????????????????????		
Jan 24 2009 	????????		
