Nov 18 2009 	Improvement needed to meet the standards of Mariott	The setting of the rooms are good but there is still room for significant improvement, specifically on the following topics :1) internet connection very slow2) room sometimes very cold3) breakfast times do not correspond with the times indicated in the guest services directory. Directory says 6.00 am, in reality it is 6.30 am and, even then, staff was not fully ready.4) Beers in the Zpark bar are not served in the appropriate glasses.At this stage I would not recommend this hotel but could revise my opinion if the general service level is improved. I consider that the above topics could be fixed rather quick.Luc Godefroidluc.godefroid@us.henkel.com	
May 8 2009 	Promising First Visit	When in Shanghai I usually prefer to stay in a more central location such as Nanjing Rd but this new hotel offered an attractive introductory corporate rate so decided to give it a go. The location is some way from city centre and attractions but it is situated right beside a metro station. This is the first time I have made use of the metro in Shanghai and I found it to be cheap, clean and easy to use although it can be congested at busy times. The hotel is built directly on top of a shopping mall which also contains plenty of restaurants but part from the mall there is not much else in the area although there is a lot of construction and development work taking place in the area which suggests that this may change soon.As commented in previous reviews the hotel occupies the top half of the building only with check in on the 25th floor. This involves separate lifts to the reception desk and then on to the rooms which is one of my pet hates. It is further frustrating that some of the hotel facilities such as the fitness centre are on the lower levels. I did try the fitness centre and although well equipped was exceptionally busy as it is widely used by the general public as well as hotel guests. Admittedly my visit to the fitness centre was at peak time. The rooms themselves are well furnished and comfortable as you should expect from a new hotel.The hotel offers both Western and south east Asian restaurants but given the high number of eateries in the mall below these are quiet which is a great shame as I ate in the Asian restaurant on my last night and the food was truly excellent.Overall this was a promising visit to a new hotel and I will give it consideration for future visits	
Apr 28 2009 	Good standard 5-star fare but location may not suit everybody	If you're in Shanghai for business and your meetings are mostly at the Pudong area (Lujiazhui for example), then you will find that this hotel's location is simply too far away from the action. That's exactly what I found out when I first had a meeting near Science &amp; Technology Centre at 9 am, then have to be back at Huaihai Road for a 10.30 am meeting, then lunch at Yan'an West Road near Jiangsu Road, before finally having to go to Lujiazhui again for a 4 pm presentation. Whew!If I'm not Chinese or don't recognise Chinese characters, I'd have been forced to take a taxi to complete this juggernaut. And trust me, the traffic jams in Shanghai make a short 6km route last hours, so that'd make me late, late, late! So I depended on the metro, but even that was no fun having to cross from one end of Shanghai to the other end!So, I reckon if you want something more central, choose those hotels at Nanjing West Road, Lujiazhui or even Nanjing East Road. I've earlier reviews of some of the hotels in these areas, which I stayed in during the halcyon days when my budget was fatter and my boss less concerned about minute travel costs.So, thanks to the current global economic crisis, I've been &quot;exiled&quot; to this part of Shanghai, which is a good 15-20km away from the heart of action. Granted there is a nice mall right beneath the hotel, but it's just the ONLY one mall with nothing much around (unless you love shopping for old computers and IT knick-knacks at the &quot;mall&quot; opposite). But if you like taking the metro and don't mind the (massive) crowds in one of the world's most populous cities, the fact that this hotel is located just above a metro station will find favour with you. Getting food quickly, shopping for some groceries to fill up your room's mini-bar and going to the other parts of Shanghai served by the metro would never be an issue. Convenience is the tagline here.Amenities wise, this hotel suffers from the weird design of those hotels which form part of a big building which is actually an office block. Those who'd stayed at the Grand Hyatt Jinmao at Lujiazhui and JW Marriott at Tomorrow Square will know what I mean. Having the lobby at the 25th floor, then the gym being on the 10th and your room on the 38th and the breakfast place on the 26th floor, and all using other elevators, will be confusing enough for anybody, me included. Imagine having a dip at the gym pool and wrapped in your bathrobes, you take the elevator with other guests and office workers to the 25th floor lobby, then walk with dripping water to the other elevator some 20m away and then take another elevator to your room on the 46th floor. One reason why I did not use my trunks despite having high hopes of doing so this time round.But then again, if you're a sucker for high-rise hotels and love those views from a 46th floor glass window, this one is for you. Yes, admittedly, I loved the view from my room too, but as a frequent visitor to Shanghai, there wasn't too much for me to be thrilled about. And we aren't talking about a view of the Lujiazhui financial district and the Bund is more than 20km away.All in all, this new hotel had all the touches of a 5-star outfit and the software, especially the wait staff at the breakfast place and the front desk staff, lived up to expectations. I think good training plays a strong role here and I am happy Renaissance is able to achieve this in a city not truly known for good service and the people usually deemed less than courteous.Oh, one small (quirky) thing to mention: the suggestive uniform of the staff... I notice they are made to wear a coat or just a suit with no shirt, blouse or even a T-shirt under it! So you can see the cleavage of some of the more well-endowed staff and the chest hairs of those others who are more stout and erm, manly. Gosh! I know I should not complain since it's a feast for the eyes, but still.... haha	
Apr 10 2009 	Convenient to Hongqiao Airport/Shopping/Metro Station	Extremely pleased with my recent visit. Very modern 60 storey hotel sits atop large Cloud Nine shopping center and main Metro line (Zhongshan Park station: lines 2, 3,4). Within 5-6 miles of Hongqiao Business Park, Shanghai Innovation Business Park and Southern Railway Station. Easy to find at night since the building is outlined by neon blue lights. I could be over in Pudong area across the river in &lt;40 minutes by straight subway line (avoid traffic and taxi fare). Same subway line will drop you off at People's Square, Nanjing Road, and the Bund, in 15 minutes. Good sized rooms are new and very modern with comfortable beds and flat panel TVs. Executive lounge is unique dual-level; very large, comfortable and decently stocked with drinks and light snacks brought to you by attentive hotel staff during certain hours. Plentiful breakfast buffet in morning. Azur restaurant has standard hotel fare. Multiple choices for dining (both fast food and sit down) at the Cloud Nine shopping center without ever leaving the buidling. If you fly in to Shanghai domestically to Hongqiao airport and are doing business or sightseeing on this side of the river, then this is very convenient. If flying in to Shanghai Pudong International airport and doing business in Pudong area then I would recommend the Renaissance Pudong.	
Feb 13 2009 	Easy Access Location	The hotel sits next to / atop a shopping mall (Cloud Nine Shopping Mall - http://shanghai.iknowthiscity.com/?p=229). The metro runs under the mall in the basement level and is easily accessible from the hotel without having to go outside. The metro station is Zhongshan Park on line #2, with interchanges to lines #3 and #4. Line #2 runs east-west and will take you to most tourist destinations. RMB3 will get you to destinations west of the river like Peoples Park (Shanghai Museum, Shanghai Grand Theatre, etc.) and RMB4 gets you east across the river to the Oriental Pearl Tower, Jinmao Tower, etc. RMB4 will also get you to Long Yang Lu station where you can get the MagLev to Pudong (RMB40). For RMB 44, you can get from Pudong to the hotel easily within ONE HOUR which is cheaper than a taxi (fare is about RMB200) and faster, especially during weekdays.Within the mall, there are dozens of restaurants and fast food places. Almost all menus are in Chinese and English. The location is more in the residential area, so the staff are not as fluent in English as in tourist areas such as Nanjing Road, but sufficient to get by.The hotel itself lives up to the Renaissance name. The staff is fluent in English and professional. The only minor drawback is that the lobby is on the 25th floor which means you have to take one elevator to the 25th and then another elevator to your room. Strangely the hotel does not offer a turn-down service. Otherwise I recommend this hotel if you want to get away from the central part of Shanghai. The shanghai metro is very easy to use and get around, offering a cheaper, faster way to get around, making this hotel a great value.	
Nov 25 2009 	soggiorno fra le nuvole !!!!		
Nov 19 2009 	??????		
Sep 1 2009 	???????		
Aug 26 2009 	?????		
Aug 19 2009 	??????????		
Aug 12 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 5 2009 	????????????????????????		
Aug 4 2009 	?????????????		
Jul 11 2009 	???????????		
