Apr 22 2008 	Mixed feelings	I stayed at this hotel last year in march. Actually, I was rather satisfied with my choice but there are a few issues which contribute to a lower rating. Advatages:- Beautiful rooms. In my opinion, one of the nicest hotel rooms I have ever been to. They are big, very clean, equipped with everything one could need and have a special atmoshere.- Friendly and helpful staff.- Nice common areas with Chinese influence in furniture and architecture.Disadvatages:- Location. There is nothing of interest in that area, even no posibilities to have a drink. The only way (exept taxis) to get to the Bund is taking a bus (up to half an hour!!) and it is complicated to find the bus station, especially on the way back from the Bund to the hotel.- Breakfast is tasteless and served in ugly rooms, partly without windows. - No spa area in the hotel (at least I couldn't find any)- Appearance from outside is nothing special, just a simple block which cannot be compared to the stunning hotel architecture in Shanghai (but this is a minor issue)To sum it up, I do not regret having stayed in the Golden Jade Sunshine but there are surely better choices.Shanghai as a city is well worth a visit. It does not have the same historical and cultural feeling as Beijing but is a perfect example if you want to see how a nation's national economy can prosper. Quaters like Pudong, the Bund or Nanjing street as well as the French quater and also other places are just gorgeous, whereas the &quot;old city&quot; and everything else connected with Chinese traditions is disappointing. All in all, I loved Shanghai and hope to return one day but prefer Beijing.	
Apr 11 2008	Adequate for our needs	Hotel part of the Travelsphere Discover China Tour. Nothing much around the hotel and views from the hotel were of building sites. However planned activities on both nights meant that the location wasn't a problem. Supermarket across the road was brilliant for cheap beer and chocolate. Smoky in the bar area but we were on the non-smoking floor so that was OK.Rooms large and well appointed with all possible toiletries etc.Shower was good, had an enormous bath.I didn't like the hot/cold water dispenser in the room thought the water tasted strange. It seemed to take forever to boil and didn't seem that hot. I would buy alternative bottled water from the supermarket and drink that.Breakfast was adequate.A Satisfactory stay.	
Apr 1 2007	Plenty of sunshine in Shanghai!	If you're not after a hotel smack-bang in the middle of all the activity in Shanghai, then look no further!The Golden Jade Sunshine Hotel was great in terms of cleaniness, comfort and friendliness. Rooms were tastefully decorated &amp; large, and bathrooms had a generous shower and vanity area. If you are sensitive to smoke though, do yourself a favour and book yourself onto the non-smoking floor because people in Shanghai smoke (and spit...ugh) absolutely everywhere!It's about a 15minute taxi ride from Nanjing road and there's not really alot happening in the area around the hotel- although there's a great convinient store across the road where you can grab some 2 minute noodles for the midnight munchies.Hotel provided complimentary bottled water everyday and hotel slippers, and you can even rent a plug adaptor so you can charge your camera, phones, etc.Breakfast was a little ho-hum. Loved the variety, but everything tasted bland and oily. Typical of Shanghai food I guess, so can't complain...plus can't go out and get breakie anywhere else since there was no where else local to eat!I reccommend this hotel if you are after a quiet location to stay in, or if you're on tour or staying with young kids. Otherwise if you are after more things to do and more places to wonder in your free time, I highly reccommend staying somewhere else closer to Nanjing road.	
Jan 26 2007 	very nice hotel	I've stayed at Golden Jade Sunshine Hotel in Shanghai in January and I've had a great time. Hotel is situated out of the city centre but I didn't mind that much because taxis are cheap and they can get you anywhere. The neighbourhood is nice and very convenient because there are several supermarkets, a pharmacy and other amenities one can find useful. The interior of the hotel is designed in oriental style and our room was in oriental style also. The room was very comfortable and nice. The only shortcoming was that our window was overlooking a construction site just a few meters away from our hotel which made a horrible view and noise from 7am untill 4 pm. The room is equipped with satellite TV so you can watch CNN, HBO and a number of Chinese TV stations and there is also a broadband connection which is not free. Since I didn't bring my laptop with me I wanted to use the internet at the business centre but I was told that all the non-Chinese websites were not available because of some mechanical problem (!?).The staff was really nice and helpful. They spoke both English and German very well.We had a buffet breakfast which was really nice. We could choose between Chinese breakfast and a Western one.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 17 2009 	???????????????????????		
