Aug 25 2009 	So-so hotel uninterested staff	Stayed six nights in Aug-2009 in a room facing Zongshan Park on the 21st floor and then another with no view on the 23rd floor. The rooms are pretty decent and the hotel itself is nice. One of the best features for travellers is the metro station right next to the hotel. The biggest problem is the staff - almost no one can speak English, so having any sort of conversation is a problem. As an example, our laundry had issues on more than one occasion and each time, they would send a note in Chinese, delivered by someone who did not speak a word of English!! The redemption lay in the fact that the operator at the end of the Services button (0 on the phone) was keen and usually resolved the issue, though it took more than one call on every occasion.Shockingly, bell desk/concierge staff seem to be most unfriendly of the lot, totally uninterested in dealing with guest requests. Front desk staff rate a close second in the uninterested and unmotivated category.The gym is pretty decent, especially since it overlooks Zongshan Park and one can see loads of people out for walks/practising Tai Chi in the mornings.Taking staff attitude into consideration, a very average hotel to stay in.	
Aug 8 2009 	OK but not great	Definitely not 5 star. Service pretty hopeless. Pool looks good on internet but not as good in real life	
May 16 2009 	Decent Hotel Value for Money	Mayfair is a decent 4.5 stars hotel. The room is a little bit small but clean and tidy. It is close to Metro station with good accessibility. The staffs are friendly. Great variety of choices for the buffet breakfast, even Hong Kong style instant noodle! It is a comfortable hotel.	
May 10 2009 	Loved the Ambience	I visited the city for business with colleagues and based on the feedback of our other colleagues who had visited Shanghai &amp; stayed in Hotel Mayfair, we were not let down one bit. Perfect ambience, wonderful rooms, very prompt service, good connect through the city as it is conveniently located near metro railway station. Staff is very courteous. Everything so good &amp; at very attractive price. Highly recommend stay in this hotel.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed three nights at the Mayfair. Very comfortable bed, pleasant quiet room, nice bathroom. Robe, slippers, supplied. Electric kettle, drinks, minibar. Breakfast buffet was superb. We had room service which was fast and very good. Staff friendly. Lots of shops nearby and places to eat out. Near underground station for getting around, but taxis are cheap too. Did not notice that the water smelled bad. Window of room could be opened for fresh air if necessary. Drapes kept light out well. Used laundry but it is somewhat expensive, although excellent.	
Feb 13 2009 	OK Hotel	The hotel is easily accessible from the metro (Zhongshan Park, lines 2,3,4) - Exit #5 from the station. It is about a five minute walk to the actual station which can be done via an underground passageway. Line 2 runs to Long Yong Rd where the Maglev runs to Pudong. So for RMB44, it is possible to get from Pudong to the hotel within one hour (taxi runs about RMB200 and more than an hour during peak traffic).The hotel tap water does smell funny/fishy. This is only for this hotel as I have stayed at numerous hotels in Shanghai and Beijing within this happening. The hotel staff speaks sufficient english, but few are fluent enough for troubleshooting deep issues. The hotel seems to cater to more local / asian business people although I did also see the crew from Lufthansa. The area around the hotel is surrounded by high rise residence, so it gives more of a local feel rather than a tourist feel like around Nanjing rd.	
Feb 2 2009	Nice hotel good quality	We stayed here for three nights during a tour of China (our second tour of China).The hotel was an excellent standard, with good food and excellent accommodation.We didn't eat dinner in the hotel but we did enjoy the excellent and wide-ranging breakfast. There are many eating places nearby so it is no problem finding somewhere nice to eat.The rooms were an excellent standard. Clean and sumptously furnished and decorated.The service was excellent.	
Jan 3 2009 	There are some things in my mind....	First of all, tap water smells bad... but is this because of the hotel ? or.. is this the problem of this city ?The tap water in Beijing doesn`t smell that bad....Room is fine, except the fact that they charge internet at RMB 120 per day.Someone was saying the internet was slow.Yes, it is slow as they charge money.Breakfast is a crap except for croissant. Western dishes are fine, but Chinese dishes are not.... I didnt touch Chinese dishes from the day 2.Staffs are kind and can speak English okey.I purchased a package tour of flight and hotel, so I dont know how much the room is in fact, If the price is around US 100 including breakfast and tax, I would NOT complain.The hotel is not in the center of Shanghai, but is very close to aZhong Shan Park Station, although I used taxi most of the time. (RMB15-25 per trip to most of the sightseeing sites or restaurants.)Taxi from People`s Park to the hotel was 15-20 mins.Taxi from the airport to the hotel costed RMB 170 at night (40-50 mins)Taxi from the hotel to Mag-lev station was RMB 80 in the morning(25 mins)I do recommend this hotel AS LONG AS the price is USD 100 includng breakfast and tax, whatever the season is.Otherwise, you should spend more time to net-surf tofind better hotels.You would realize that there are plenty of hotels in Shanghai.	
Sep 23 2008 	Beware....of Annex Building	On a recent trip to Shanghai, I booked a reservation that I thought was the New World Mayflower Hotel in Shanghai. However, upon check-in I was told that my room was in the &quot;Annex&quot; building. The annex building turned out on to be a different hotel, the Penta Hotel. The rooms at the Penta Hotel were NOTHING of what I expected of the Mayflower based on previously viewed internet pictures. There was no information about the Mayflower hotel in the room at all. I was completely disappointed and would not recommend the hotel.	
Aug 20 2008 	Great for the price	This is a great hotel for the price and is, in my opinion, in a better location than many of the more expensive hotels. the room was well presented, clean and modern. The lobby was really nice. Check in was quite slow and don't expect the staff to be too overtly friendly, but they were professional. The bar is very expensive and the prices they are charging are no reflection of costs in Shanghai. It's a case of rob the tourist. the staff constantly ask if you would like a drink, another drink, pour your drink from the can etc. and their constant presence is quite unnerving and very unnecessary. Just leave us alone!!A fair price for a very good hotel.	
Jul 30 2008 	Very Good Hotel Great Value	I staid in the New World Mayfair Hotel for a couple of days during a visit to Shanghai. It wasn't perfect but it's strengths far outweighed its weaknesses. The rooms were clean, stylish and well appointed. Most amenities such as internet, the fitness center and sauna were free. (Although the sauna was not the best I've seen in Asia.) Breakfast was free and on the whole quite decent if not exceptional. The staff was generally very courteous.The location is not quite in the center of the city but it is in a good neighborhood with plenty of restaurants. It is right near a subway station and you can get to the major tourist attractions pretty quickly. The hotel restaurant was also reasonable and pretty good (although I only had one meal there). On the whole, this was a very good hotel. The price is very reasonable (around $130). It might not be quite as luxurious as some of the best 5 star hotels in Shanghai, but given that it's less than half the price of the Hyatt and others, I have to give it my strong endorsement.	
Jul 24 2008 	Very Nice Business-Type Hotel	As part of our recent China tour, my hubby and I stayed at the New World Mayfair Hotel in Shanghai on May 23 and 24, 2008. We arrived late in the evening and there was still a bit of a wait to check in (several folks in front of us). We were pleasantly surprised to learn that we had been upgraded to a king, non-smoking room on one of the executive levels of the hotel (room 3106). The room was large with all of the usual amenities. We had a lovely view of the park adjacent to the hotel. The only downside for us was the bed was very hard. We both like a hard mattress....but this was VERY HARD. Breakfast was your standard buffet (wait staff seemed quite bored and service was slow and poor). We didn't know that we could eat at the executive level lounge, instead of the regular breakfast buffet. No one ever explained the benefits of the executive level floor to us...we found the lounge on our own (nice views, complimentary beverages, magazines and newspapers). Plenty to see and do in Shanghai. We especially enjoyed the Shanghai acrobatic show and the Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Center. Hotel is located a good distance from many of the &quot;attractions&quot;....so you will need to travel by taxi or public transport. We did not try it, but were told the subway system is very &quot;user friendly.&quot; The park across from the hotel is lovely and great for walking. Standard western chain restaurants are close-by (Pizza Hut, KFC, etc.) Also a supermarket (Carrefour) within walking distance. Hotel is very modern with beautiful public areas. Very busy in the lobby area. We did have a bit of a wait to check-out (even at 7:30 AM). We didn't see very many tourists ...mostly business people. But this seemed like a very nice, business type hotel and except for the hard bed and slow service at breakfast, we were quite comfortable here.	
Apr 5 2008 	Loved this hotel !	This is a really good hotel - new, modern, efficient, clean, convenient - all I want for a business trip. Note - this is not in downtown city centre. The rooms are smaller compared to other established well-known hotels but the space is enough for me to move around in, well-lit, has all the paraphenalia I need.There are lots of places nearby to eat at if you don't want to eat in. Across the road, to the left, about a 15-minute walk is Carrefour supermarket.	
Mar 14 2008 	Lots of Problems in Hotel	Hotel hardware is fine. I like the rooms although they are a bit small. Location is good and close to shopping and other restaurants in the Changning district of Shanghai. The other parts of hotel though are below par for a five star hotel.I came with a delegation of seven people. And all of us agreed we will not come back to the hotel again. Firstly three out of seven of us have problems with the key card. It is painful to haul your luggage upstairs only to discover that the key does not work. Two of my delegation members had to do it twice!For a business hotel the elevators are not enough to service all the guests coming down in the mornings. There is a long wait and the elevators are quite full. Breakfast involves lining up to give your numbers. The waitresses and hotel staff all look frazzled and stressed to cope with the crowd. Checking out and checking in all involved long queues. One thing I hate about hotels in China is they need to check your room (to make sure you did not run away with bathrobes or remote controls) before they let you go. This hotel just takes a longer time.In China many hotels do not charge for Internet access. This one does at 120 chinese yuan (US$15) per night. And it is slow. The theme in this hotel seems to be the guests have to spend a long time waiting for anything. For checking in, for Internet, for food etc.All in all not worth the money one pays for. There are many better choices elsewhere in Shanghai.	
Feb 21 2008 	Great location good value!	My Shanghai friends arranged this Hotel as it was near their offices etc. Close to subway ,breakfast was excellent and the bed comfortable.Staff friendly and efficient and the bar was very nice. Definitely stay there again in April.Very good value for money as I have stayed in Shanghai many times and the price can be high.	
Jan 13 2008 	Just fantastic - absolutely fantastic	I had worried before my arrival in Shanghai, it was cold and very unwelcoming as we stepped out of the airport, having been in Bejing a few years ago I was starting to get concerned.Having arrived at the hotel I knew it was going to be good, directed up to the executive floor I checked in over a coffee and the attentive staff had the process all done and we were off to our room on the 35th floor.As part of the excutive floors, the room is very spacious and well equipped, with a separate lounge/office separate bedroom and excellent bathroom with a wetroom featuring a great shower!There are staff everywhere, the place is spotless, you put something in the ashtray and its gone when you go back a minute later.The executive breakfast and free all-day bar is fantastic too, along with the breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea and dinner if you stayed there all day you could eat for free!Well worth the stay, having paid 850RMB a night on a special corporate rate with internet included its going to be a long while before I am in a hotel this good again....	
Nov 30 2007	Excellent Shanghai Hotel	This was a great 5 star hotel in Shanghai. The lobby was beautiful and welcoming. It even had a piano player and singer in the lobby lounge in the evenings.Check-in and out was fast and easy. The rooms were nice and bright. Beds were soft (unlike a lot of China hotels).Not sure about the location because we took tour buses and cabs everywhere, but I think its very close to the subway if you're getting around on your own. There's plenty of shops nearby to get your essentials.Overall a great place to stay in Shanghai.	
Nov 1 2007 	Excellent Hotel!	We stayed at the Mayfair Hotel for 12 nights in October for Special Olympics. The breakfast buffet was wonderful, even after 12 days. We also enjoyed the dinner buffet a couple of evenings and that was wonderful as well. We had a view of the park across the street. This hotel is in a great location, the subway stop is a 5 minute walk, you don't even need to cross a street! Service overall was excellent. The rooms were very clean. The concierges were very helpful. We would stay again, and would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Oct 22 2007	Really comfortable hotel - such a pleasant stay	My husband and I stayed at the Mayfair for 3 nights as part of an organized Grand Prix trip with the Travel Department. On booking, we requested an upgrade to the Executive Suites. The additional cost was approximately €50 per night and it was well worth the extra money. Highlights:-The suites were beautifully appointed with separate living area, bedroom, vanity area and bathroom. There we sliding door separating the different rooms and the décor was fresh and modern. -The bathroom was a little small, but pretty impressive. It was marble, with separate bath and big shower. The water pressure for the shower was great (nearly take your skin off at full pressure!!). There was also a wall mounted TV in there!! Great selection of toiletries available including tooth brush kit, loofah, gels, shampoos, vanity kit etc. Bottles of water provided each day for oral hygiene etc. -The bed was a little hard, but comfortable none the less and the size was great. Comfortable duvet and pillows also provided. Bathrobe and slippers also provided.-The room was fully air-conditioned which was a God sent as the humidity in Shanghai can be a little unbearable (it was 30 degrees and 80% humidity during our trip). -Mini bar was well stocked and was replenished daily. Prices were what you would expect from a hotel – but not extortionate. -As we had upgraded to the executive package we were situation on the executive floor. This was the 35th floor which had amazing views out over the city (the night lights were a picture to behold). We also had access to the executive lounge which meant free drink (good national brand available), your own dining area for breakfast and your own reception area which was manned all the time (very convenient for a speedy check out). The staff were super efficient in this area. -Ironing board and iron in room. Also a very efficient laundry service available for dry cleaning and regular laundry. -Very and efficient staff throughout our experience. -Impressive and beautiful lobby and lounge areas. Grand piano surrounded by a water feature with a pianist playing nightly – very relaxing. Lifts are also really impressive being all marble, mirrors and brass. A staff member was there almost all the time simply cleaning them down and shining them up. Flowers placed in the cigarette bins making them less unsightly. Low lights:-I really can’t think of any!! This is a relatively new hotel and it shows. Some travelers have mentioned that it is a little out of the way which is true, however, taxis are so cheap, the most we ever spent was the equivalent of €3.00 and the average was about €2. Tip:Visit M on the Bund – really great restaurant.	
Aug 26 2007 	The Mayfair's fab!	Great property, views, ammenities, staff, breakfast - and an outdoor pool on the 15th floor - with park views - to beat the stifling Shanghai summer! Only downfall is the location: not on metro line or super close to attractions. However taxi's are always available and very inexpensive. Highly recommended.	
Jun 24 2007 	Kind of Disappointing	I had booked through the hotel, and had asked for a queen bed in the room, and non-smoking. I realize these things are not guaranteed, but I found out (after a 20-minute wait at check-in, with heavy luggage, which no-one had bothered to relieve me of) that this was not available. Later, as I tried to sleep in the twin bed provided, I realized that the hotel must have been really just deisgned for Chinese people, because I am 6' 3'' and my feet stuck out off the bed by at least a few inches, even though I was sleeping diagonally. My room seemed small - positively liliputian, actually, particularly the bathroom with was very cramped with lots of sharp corners.The internet charges at over 100RMB per day were also amongst the highest I've experienced in China. Overall, I found it to be a really rather disappointing experience, especially after all the positive comments here. I travel a lot in China and especially in Shanghai, and I know for a fact you can do a lot better for your money.	
Jun 12 2007 	They have a 4 Star and 5 Star Tower	The hotel is not central to the city but I knew this on booking. It is located in an area with heaps of shops and restaurants and right next door to Zhongshan Station, which makes it so easy to get into the sights. The negative of this hotel is that they have 2 towers, one is 4 star and the other a 5 star tower. The receptionist informs you of this upon checkin and tries to upsell these rooms 300yuan($50). I had no idea my room was not going to have a minibar and rock hard beds. Be aware when booking that you have booked a room with these standard requirements.	
Apr 13 2007 	Comfortable convenient and just one small step off the beaten path	Comfortable, convenient, especially if you want to be just a bit away from the &quot;usual suspects&quot; hotels and tourist ghettos. Exceptional value for the yuan/dollar spent. Mayfair is immediately adjacent to one subway line and just a short walk from two other lines, making travel around Shanghai a breeze. Nice shopping, many very good restaurants in all price ranges, several Starbucks in the immediate area. Easy to get a taxi at the hotel. Very capable staff was patient with my broken Chinese or, at my alternative, very fluent in English.I myself like to stay just a little away from the center of cities so as to get a better feel for the everyday. Yet I always want to be able to get to the main tourist sites with virtually no extra effort. The Mayfair was perfect for me in this regard. Clean, quiet, spiffy, not obscenely luxurious, but quite comfortable and &quot;new&quot; feeling. It's a long way from Pudong airport, but worth the few extra dollars you spend to get there. I was there in early Springtime, so did not see the rooftop outdoor pool, but imagine that, when that is open, this hotel becomes absolutely unbeatable as a combination of price, convenience and comfort, as long as you do not mind using taxis (which are very inexpensive) or using the subway (which, being brand new, there is no reason to mind it).	
Mar 25 2007	Fair Deal at the Mayfair	Definitely workable for the Western business traveler, as the accommodations in Shanghai keep getting better and better. I remember just a few years ago when the staff at the Peace Hotel could barely pronounce the places's English name. Your Mayfair staff are miles beyond this, though of course once in a while you need to be patient, as they are.That said, this is a great hotel because you're out of the worst of the expat exploitation zone and can get some real Chinese food! Also close to the domestic airport and Zhongshan Park is a nice way to forget the urban hell that is Shanghai.Service at the hotel is prompt, attentive, and accurate.	
Oct 24 2006 	Really good hotel	We stayed here for 7 nights at the beginning of October and were really pleased with the place. Our room was high up and had a great view over the surrounding area. It was clean, friendly and efficient and offered a variety of places to eat and drink, although the main bar was shut most of the time as it was during the National Day holiday week. We had the buffet on a couple of nights and you can get a good mix of local and western food and unlimited free beer! (Well, included in the price as long as you were eating) We chose this hotel mainly because it had an outdoor swimming pool on the 15th floor. But although it was warm enough weather to swim, it was too windy and cool up there to relax. There were some young teenagers who were braver than me who were enjoying a swim. Pleasant spot though and fantasic views across the park and the rest of the city from there, expecially at night.There's not much to do locally ( or we didn't find anything) but Zhongshan Park was good to walk around and big enough to while away a couple of hours.It's quite close to the metro at Zhongshan Park (about 10minutes) and that is only 3 stops from Peoples Square, so a good location for access to the city centre.I'll be putting a review of the whole trip on the Shanghai page.	
Oct 20 2006 	good value for 4-5 star hotel	Owned or managed by New World Group (Hong Kong) so the service is catered to the Western traveler. Seemed to have quite a few Hong Kong tour groups, shopping for the weekend. Quick check in with friendly staff. I requested Non Smoking - King bed and was accomodated without any problems. Agree with previous review that far too many smoking rooms in Chinese hotels. Room was clean &amp; quiet, and housekeeping staff was very accomodating, they helped me get laundry done after I missed the cutoff for the day.Coffee service is provided in lobby in the morning, or there is a starbucks around the corner.To sum up, great value ($1000RMB) for a well western managed hotel. I have stayed at other 5 Stars in Shanghai before that are a little nicer, but they are also double the price.	
Sep 20 2006 	Good Services	I asked some of my local Shanghainese friends then choose this one; we arrived very late, however when we got there, packed of asian people smoking in the lobby...; just while i felt really bad about this hotel, the checking process is really fast, all the staff is really helpful and spoke in fluent English, plus a really friendly Caucasion staff, we are surprised.The hotel looks like a typical asian apartment, not really tastful, but its clean and worth what its for.Plus for the great buffet for breakfast.Subway is nearby, however have to take taxi, its cheap and easy to get around, but be aware when its raining, there is NO WAY you can catch any taxi!!	
May 29 2006	Pretty Good!	The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. There's a direct access to the subway from the lobby although we didn't use it coz it seemed that taking a cab was more convenient (about RMB15 to 25 on the average to the main shopping centers). The hotel itself is a bit out of the way - a couple of malls nearby but the stuff on stock are so-so, and there's a small factory outlet of nike, adidas and other sports brands. There's a restaurant right in the hotel's lobby (a tenant, I suppose) - Today and Tomorrow - that serves really good chinese food...price is affordable (arnd USD5-10 per dish) and ambiance is clean and nice. Across the street from this restaurant is a dimsum fast food restaurant. The attendants there don't speak much english but you can just point to the pictures and indicate how many plates you want of that - 1 dimsum platter good for 1 or 2 is about 4RMB (around USD0.50!) and the flavor is great - eat it with some chinese vinegar! Yum! This place gets full during meal time. Beside the dimsum place is a 7-11 type of convenience store.Be careful when crossing the street. Even if the road may be one way for cars, there are roads that remain 2 ways for motorcycles and bicycles. Look both ways several times, even when you're already crossing!I recommend this hotel although you might be able to get a hotel with a better location. Otherwise, if you just need a place to sleep that isn't too pricey and has access to restaurants, this is the place to book.	
Apr 26 2006 	Bad Service! DON'T GO!	We were there from April 21st, 2006 to April 23rd, 2006. I bought a voucher from a travelling agent in Hong Kong (meaning that I had paid for the room already). They held RMB $ 5,000 on my credit card and 'till this day (today is April 26th), the amount was still being held.I called them once two days ago and the guy whom I was talking to admitted that they made a mistake by holding us RMB $5,000. We had a voucher and we didn't need to have a credit card on file and they shouldn't hold that amount. He agreed to call the bank to release the amount, but still haven't done it yet. I was only staying in a standard room for two nites and why on earth did they hold that much money? I called again today and they directed my line to the health club! What da hell was going on with these people?! Because the health club people couldn't direct my line back to the front desk...I had to call long distance to the front desk again.... and I am still waiting for their call back and the problem was still not yet solved.I called my bank and asked them how long will the money be on hold, they said probably for 3 weeks if the hotel has no intention of releasing it. You know for travellers, they really need extra money on their credit card. It was their mistakes on having to hold that much money, and they didn't make an effort to release the money. How ridiculous was that.I will definately not stay there again. Service was bad. People were clueless....	
Oct 25 2005 	Pretty good.	Stayed here, early september, all and all a good hotel - wasnt sure what to expect never travelled to china before - Hotel was modern, and they state 5 star but probbably more like 4 - 4 1/2 but still very good - Seemed to be popular with flight crew which i guess is a recommendation. Staff are very friendly and helpful and most speak english and they have english only speakers at the reception which is nice. Rooms on the front have good views of the skyline and park across the road aswell as an large entertaining chinese ( chaotic ) intersection - Lunch and breakfast in hotel everyday was high standard with a large selection - dinner they had a malaysian festival with food and entertainment which was fun and good ( but really you dont want to eat dinner in the hotel - thats no fun so we didnt any other night) All and all a good stay - i recommend it . The previous comments are all valid as well - although it is off the beaten path - taxis are more than plentiful and dirt cheap - $3-4US at the *most* to most destinations and the city - and well worth the thrill ride :)	
Sep 25 2005 	A bit off the beaten track	i stayed at the mayfair hotel just last month. Definately suggest to book a non smoking room as they seem to have an over abundance of smoking rooms. At reception they tried to railroad me into a smoking room which could have a 'nonsmoking&quot; treatment done to it. no idea what they thought they could do to a room that had a heavy smoke smell in all the soft furnishings! after inspecting the room i returned to reception to try to negotiate my way into a real non smoking room. Otherwise everything good. as is usual in big hotels, breakfast rather overpriced. Bakery next door was nice. Train station alongside hotel and huge park across the road. Small take away food shop in the 'old' section of the hotel (left up ramp from reception) that sold sandwichs, biscuits and chocolates. 10% off after 6pm. Mcdonalds across the road. Other wise a nice hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	??????		
Oct 31 2009 	Keine 5 Sterne wert		
Mar 12 2009 	?????????????		
Mar 8 2009 	?????????????		
Feb 11 2009 	????????		
Oct 30 2008 	Me encantó el hotel y el servicio recibido		
Sep 6 2007	Excelente Hotel en Shanghai		
Aug 3 2006 	Génial !		
