Nov 22 2009 	top value	If you don't mind taking the Metro and waking short distances, then the Jinqiao HIE is for you. Shanghai is a rather pricey town and this accommodation stands for value. In my opinion --- a good location -just around the corner from Carrefour, an excellent takeout sushi stand and a couple fast food places. Yes, it is possible to Metro, Maglev in from Pudong-- I did it on the way back. From this hotel to Pudong airport- and with one wheeled suitcase ( not tons of luggage) just take Metro from Jufeng (line 6) to Longyang station ( line 2) and get on the Maglev straight to Pudong. Get more info if you google this route, and save some $$$. Oh yes ---FYI on the way IN from Pudong as taxi drivers seem to have a hard time finding this place. ...bring a map!!!!	
Nov 3 2009 	Good Hotel for a business traveler and good value for the money spent; but could do better with a good restaurant.	I stayed in this hotel with my colleagues on and off for around seven days. A neat and decent hotel with some of the staff communicating in English. The hotel is a bit away from the main business centers. But for a few of the travelers who would prefer a quiet evening after a busy day, this could mean a blessing in disguise. The only major draw back is a lack of good restaurant. The one in the hotel has limited service, but extends good hospitality. While a departmental stores and ATMs are around the corner, there are no good restaurants nearby. And if you happen to be a vegetarian the fruit shop in front of the hotel is a boon.	
Sep 17 2009 	Good value for money	I wanted an inexpensive hotel for a 2-night stopover in Shanghai, and this hotel gave me what I wanted. The room was good - would have been great if the English TV channels had worked! They had the usual BBC /CNN etc listed, but No Signal was all you got if you selected them. I understood what some other travellers have said about hard beds, but it wasn't ultra-hard: I like a mattress on the hard side, and for me it was perfect.The hotel is about 250 metres from the Metro station: go down the stairs from the station and walk straight along the road (past the taxi stand), over the river, and the hotel is on your left. It is very walkable if you don't have heavy luggage - you can see the hotel from the station.Getting in and out of the city is easy via Metro. I used the Maglev and Metro to get from the airport to the hotel, but decided to take a taxi on the return journey, and would definitely recommend that: only about 120 yuan and it took only half the time and one tenth of the hassle! (Get the airport info lady to write the name and address of the hotel in Chinese.)Next to the hotel is a supermart, plus a couple of cafes: I ate in one of them and had a delicious meal for about 2 pound.A big plus was the free internet in the room (and there are computers in the foyer if you don't have a laptop). The minuses were lack of English-language TV; and there was no porter, so you have to get your luggage to / from your room yourself.I was put off by others' description of the breakfast so didn't go down the first morning; and kicked myself on the second morning, as I had a delicious meal of savoury rice with absolutely delicious green beans. Not what I'd normally have for breakfast, but it was so yummy - I wanted the recipe and I seldom cook! If you want European, you can have toast, boiled eggs, small sausages, and ham.	
Jul 30 2009 	Out of the way but a fantastic value	The hotel is a ways outside of the busy part of shanghai, but easily eached via Line 6 on the Shanghai subway system (which is very new and modern). Easy to get here from the airport via train; no need to take a taxi. Hotel itself is very clean and modern, offers free internet access in the lobby, and has a nice free breakfast every morning. Very nice staff, most of whom speak enough english. KFC and supermarket right around the corner; also a good haircut place across the street. East side of hotel can see Pudong on a clear day. Very good AC and beds. Really the only disadvantage is the distance from central Shanghai, otherwise this is a great place to stay.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great Value stopover	Hotel is about 500m from the Metro, (Jufeng station), not 200m as stated on the HI Express website so it takes about 6-7minutes to walk although there are no roads to cross. There is a Carrefour supermaket next door with a KFC and Younge King (Chinese fast food). Hotel is a nice example of a HI Express, but as in other hotels in China they have an issue with the kids eat free policy and/or try to charge for kids in the room, which is one of the key benefits of HI Express for familes. Keep a hard copy of your booking which clearly infers that children are included to prove the point.Allow and hour to transfer to/from the airport by MagLev and Metro, though you will probably make it in less.	
May 12 2009 	Excellent Hotel and very cheap! Internet was free!!!	Very good and modern decor. Not close to attractions, but we just stayed one night for a long layover. It's not very close to the airport either, maybe 30 mins by taxi. In hindsight we should have taken the train from the airport, it was so easy and much faster and cheaper. Taxi cost like 120 yuan. bed was hard as most are in china, but service was excellent and hotel was very clean!	
May 6 2009 	Excellent	This hotel is not so close to the city centre and to the main attractions, but metro line 6 station (Jufeng road) is only 2 minutes walk away from the hotel. The ticket price from Longyang road (Maglev station) only costs 3 yuan per person. The highest metro fare was 6 yuan to Qibao which is on the other side of the Town. The location is perfect, next to the hotel is a carrefour supermarket, a KFC and an excellent Chinese restaurant called Yongheking. The only negative point with the hotel is the breakfast. If you like Chinese-style breakfast (fried rice, noodle, and other vegies) than it's good for you, if not than toast with jam will be boring after a week or longer. The rooms are perfect and big enough for travellers. And also very quite and clean.	
May 1 2009 	good basic hotel	My husband stayed in this hotel for nine days. It is realy cheap but clean. Build few years ago so everything in still new. Just 10 minutes walk to subway(metro). No attractions around but good for someone who needs clean hotel for little money.	
Oct 19 2009 	?????????		
