Nov 24 2009 	Great Location - Away from busy streets - Just perfect!	Arrived on a Tueday and stayed in this hotel for 6 nights in the main building in a huge room with 2 double beds. Beds are indeed hard, but after so much sightseeing, etc. you get used to them. Maid service was great. Never had to ask for room to be made up and the front desk service was good too. Breakfast did not come with my room but I ate there a couple of times only out of necessity. It is a buffet which costs about $15 nothing to write home about. For food shopping would recommend the Parkson supermarket next to the subway stop. Would stay there again in a heart beat. For a hotel room well under $100 it was grand. Loved the fact that the hotel also offered free internet.	
Jun 25 2009 	Good Value location and ambience	Stay in the original building, no: 1 which has a charming old world feel about it. We were upgraded to a larger room, very spacious and quite elegant, Chinese furniture with 2 double beds. If you want to pay more, you can stay in a really beautiful room at the front overlooking the garden. Bathrooms OK, spacious, a little old but hey this is China and we only paid about $110 AUS a night.Staff at reception were helpful. Take or leave the room cleaning - I think that was the attitiude, a lick and a polish! Hotel breakfast was fairly standard, a mix of local and western food. We didn't try the several restaurants at the hotel. The Donghu's in the French Concession area which was a great location, lively with plenty of cafes and shops within walking distance. The hotel has a large indoor pool and gym, which I'd fully intended to use but somehow didn't seem to find the time. I did find time for a massage at the hotel &quot;beauty parlour&quot; - which had a long menu of curious services - and it was great. Worth the couple of extra dollars over the massage shops on the streets. I'd stay here again because it was good value, was authentic traditional Chinese decor and was in a great location.Oh and good free internet access in your room!	
May 25 2009 	Great rooms great location	Just stayed in Donghu Hotel Main Building. We travel to Shanghai every month for business, this hotel really offers great values for in terms of price/location/quality. Hotel is surrounded by excellent restaurants, and nice streets with small local boutique stores / cafe's/winebars(on Xinle Lu). The rooms are spacey and clean, the main building has a excellent garden, try to book a front on the front side of the building with balcony, You can see the garden. Of course, the hotel resides in a historical building and facilities such as bathromm is a bit old fashioned, but that is absolutely no issue since eveything is very tidy and clean. We travel around the world on monthly basis and we've seen worse hotels in the States nad Europe. DongHu hotel is a great choice!	
Mar 22 2009 	Construction noise ruined my stay	On the surface the Dong Hu Hotel is nice - large room, large bed, fluffy pillows, new finishes in bathroom. The mattress is hard as a rock but the old hotel has charm. BUT...construction starts under my room early in the morning. There was continuous hammering and drilling. I complained so they moved me to another room. That room was smoky (recirculating other smoker's rooms air) but I decided to live with it. The next week the construction moved to the other side of the building again right under my room. I hear bzz, bzz, bzz, BANG, BANG, BANG non-stop starting from 9:00am. I am staying at the hotel for two months so I ask to speak to the manager. The manager doesn't really address my complaint , looks at his feet , mumbles sorry and says the noise will stop. The noise doesn't stop but continues for another hour until I decide I can't take it anymore and leave my room. It doesn't really bother me this isn't the fanciest place but the unresponsive attitude regarding unacceptable conditions really got to me. Also the &quot;fitness center&quot; has only one exercise bike that no one knows how to use.	
Mar 6 2009 	Great value and excellent room in Bdg 1 in the French concess	We arrived late and were expected and shown to our room within minutes - a suite overlooking the front garden in Building 1 - at a bargain price. Spacious and well furnished with hard wire internet connection. Walking distance to great shops and easy walk to Metro - anyway a taxi to the Bund is only a couple of US dollars. Good choice of restaurants in easy walking distance and the streets felt very safe...but watch out for bicycles coming from every direction!Really pleased with this hotel, but can understand other comments form people in some of the other buildings which front on to the street as far as we can see.Staff were efficient and friendly.	
Jan 27 2009	Such a nice place for such a great price	Such a nice place for its value! We stayed here for a week while in Shanghai and upgraded our rooms so that we would stay in the Main building. The prices Expedia gave us were extremely cheap even with the upgrades.When we arrived, we were placed on the 5th floor, very large rooms and everything was furnished with polished dark wood. The king size bed was so comfortable we often slept in without meaning to. We had large windows along two of our walls so we had plenty of light unlike the hotels throughout the rest of our trip. The hotel itself was furnished in the same style and very elegant.We would definately come back to this hotel again if we ever get the chance!The people at the front desk were not the most helpful so make sure you have done enough reserach on your own.Located conveniently in the French Concession so lots of interesting buildings to look at while you wonder.	
Jan 11 2009 	Cordial Staff and Reasonable Hotel	A nice enough hotel, with a very friendly staff. Be careful on the room selection. The newer addition to the original building (bldg. 1) is very noisy, with thin walls, and loud plumbing and creaky floors. The original building is solid and very nice.	
Jan 7 2009	Overrated	This was the most expensive hotel we stayed at during our two week holiday in China and unfortunately the most uncomfortable. The mattress was old and sagging; the room was small, dark and noisy. One redeeming feature is the excellent Japanese/Korean restaurant. Worth visiting for the food and architecture but don't bother to stay the night.	
Oct 31 2008	Garden-like feeling in bustling high rise Shanghai	We stayed in Building 1. There are a series of neighborhood buildings, ours being the most charming. We had a second floor room with a couryard view. Large room high ceilings, Chinese decor in room, with added glass sun room thru the sliding doors. I would have preferred a sofa or club chairs in this sun room as I found it unusable with only a wood table and stools, screen, and large chest. Friends of ours had a room on 5 and they had an open terrace with city views, one might ask for that floor or view. Our bathroom could have used remodelling but our friends room on 5 had new fixtures, a black marble vanity. very generous toiletries and amenities in the bathroom on a tray. Obligatory chinese electric tea kettle in room for instant coffee or tea which is supplied. A caution on the black coffee maker on the counter tho as they consider it mini bar usage and will charge you 18 yuan a day if you use it. Generous breakfast buffet with Asian and Western items. But don't forget to bring your meal voucher with you or they won't let you in ! Very limited seating in lobby, -- Don't sit in coffee bar area in lobby with out ordering or the attendant there will order you to leave ! Very rude, I thought ! A good alternative to Shanghai high rise hotels and a good neighborhood for walking shopping eating.	
Sep 27 2008 	Very beautiful hotel with nice service and bright smile.	I have been to Shanghai many times and to be in hotels but Donghu is one of the best hotel I have ever been stayed. Overall experience - very satisfied.	
May 16 2008 	Stayed across the street	The Donghu owns several buildings on this block. One of them is the large luxurious boutique hotel to which it seems most of the reviewers are referring. We stayed at another, which seems to be more targeted towards domestic travelers. I wanted to stay near HuaiHai Road because in the past that's always been my favorite part of town. I used to love how quiet the neighborhood was, the small shops, cafes, and boutiques. Boy have things changed. Well, first about the hotel. We paid about $45/night for the place, so overall I think we got a nice value there. The lobby was small, but professional staff and very friendly. The hallsways were narrow with low ceilings, and the room was quite small-- just big enough for a full sized bed, and small desk table. Flat screen TV on the wall because honestly I don't think any other TV would have fit. Tiny bathroom walled off from the rest of the room with frosted glass was an interesting feature. All in all for the price and for Shanghai I think it's not a bad choice. Now for the neighborhood... I can't say how disappointed I was at the way this area has changed over the past 5-6 years. I went out one evening in search of some fruit and juice, and found nothing by Irish pubs, western dance clubs, and high end boutiques (Coach, Bulgari, Rolex, etc). Was I still in China? Hard to tell. Late night club music permeated the air, and various stragglers and hangers-on permeated the streets. Really disappointing. Anyway, I'll rate it 3-stars since the Hotel itself was a good deal, and the luxury wing did look pretty nice.	
Apr 18 2008 	Charming hotel in the French Concession!	Just returned from 9 fabulous nights at the Donghu. We had done lots of research and the hotel more than exceeeded our expectations. The rooms are all quite different so it is a good idea to check the room out first. The hallways and public areas are filled with antiques and historic photos of Shanghai. The staff were very helpful, friendly and spoke English. The grounds are beatifully landscaped and well maintained. A large breakfast buffet with about 100 items is available daily. We enjoyed tasting lots of new dishes while we read the complimentary Shanghai Daily News. I am so glad we were staying at the Donghu because it is one of the most classic and charming hotels in Shanghai with all the modern ammenties.	
Feb 23 2008 	Excellent 4 star villa-style hotel.. with great rooms and excellent service	Hotel has 7 different buildings. Go to the buildings 1 or 7, which are 3 floors buildingsandbelongs before to very rich chinese tycoon. Rooms are large, and well decorated (shanghai style)Efficient business center on 1st floor.Internet WIFI is freeStaff at reception speaking good EnglishHotel is located on the north eastern part of Xuhui district, near Huaihai Zhong Road. website [--]	
Jan 3 2008 	Donghu Hotel: 2 to 3 star experience	We chose the Donghu Hotel in the French Concession after traveling outside of Shanghai, and after having stayed in a luxury hotel on Nanjing Road. The primary consideration was to be in a less congested area and Donghu was perfect in terms of location. There are many boutiques and restaurants in the area surrounding the hotel.However, the state of the room was sub-par. I read many reviews of hard beds and we experienced it at Donghu. The bathroom set up was okay but there was black mould around the shower stall. The carpet did not look like it was hoovered once during our stay and on one side of the room, there was a gap between where the carpet ended and the wall. The walls were also extremely thin that each time our neighbor's bell was rung, we got up to answer our door. We were too tired to change hotels and suspect that if we had booked a more expensive room (there are many categories at varying price levels), we would have had a much better experience. That said, the staff were polite and tried to help when they could. This property is very much a Chinese-standard rather than an international-standard hotel but if you are not looking for luxury, it would be a fair choice given the surroundings and the polite service.	
Nov 16 2007 	Great hotel would stay here again.	We stayed at this hotel through a conference my husband was attending. The rooms were large, clean and comfortable, and the service excellent. Breakfast selection was good and included both Chinese and Western style selections. The Donghu is located in a nice neighborhood, and required a cab or subway ride to most sights in Shanghai. This is not uncommon though as Shanghai is a huge sprawling city. Cabs are cheap, and there is a subway stop near the Donghu, but we didn't use the subway ever. Internet access was better than most in China, and also allowed more websites; the general public has less access, and we figured the hotel has increased access because of the large number of foreigners. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 16 2007	Donghu Hotel - French Concession-Shanghai	Just had the privilege of spending 14 days in Shanghai,more particularly at the Donghu Hotel,which is in the French Concession area.Whilst the hotel is not in the glitzy upmarket high rise stakes,we found it to be very comfortable,large rooms,good views of trees,old building and highrises in background-great blend- and it was very quiet.Everything worked and the staff were very accommodating and friendly.This was the No1 building so can't speak for rest of complex.The area was marvellous,lots of little parks,great tree lined streets and busy bustling Huaihai Road round the corner if one is a shopper and wants to do labels or any other shopping .Metros 5 minutes away-but walking to Bund was easy 5k stroll.Think Bund highly overrated and very glad we didn't stay in that area..Lots of good and varied restaurants about.We enjoyed Shanghai far more than we could have imagined and look forward to re-visiting.Leaves Hong Kong for dead.	
Oct 9 2007	pleasant boutique hotel great location	Posted the following review under the hotel name Donghu Guest House. Nevertheless, its this same hotel, I'm referring to.Stayed here for 3 nites during Sep 2007. It's a cosy boutique hotel, done up in a classic look. Not hip or trendy kind of classic, more towards a basic old fashioned ambience. Thought it could do with a bit more stylish trimmings. Rooms may look a bit barren to some but very clean though. Service by staff was good and I have no complains there.Location is excellent within walking distance to shopping at Huaihai Rd and lotsa food places. Close to French Concession area, which I really like. For its price, its a great hotel for those who prefer a boutique environment. I would stay there again. recommended,	
Oct 9 2007	pleasant boutique hotel great location	Stayed here for 3 nites during Sep 2007. It's a cosy boutique hotel, done up in a classic look. Not hip or trendy kind of classic, more towards a basic old fashioned ambience. Thought it could do with a bit more stylish trimmings. Rooms may look a bit barren to some but very clean though. Service by staff was good and I have no complains there.Location is excellent within walking distance to shopping at Huaihai Rd and lotsa food places. Close to French Concession area, which I really like. For its price, its a great hotel for those who prefer a boutique environment. I would stay there again. recommended,	
May 10 2007 	Charming...but 4*?	This wonderful heritage building has old world charm and wonderful architecture. It's located in a very vibrant, active and eye opening but friendly and safe neighbourhood. Be adventurous, walk outside of the wrought iron gates and experience the every day life of your Chinese neighbours going about their daily business - especially in the early morning!As for the hotel itself, I have to admit that it wasn't the 4* hotel I was expecting for the price it was charging. A lot of the rooms were under renovation.The first room I had was extremely small, the tap fell off in my hand the first time I turned on the water. I was transferred to another room because they couldn't fix the tap for a day or two. The second room was a bit bigger but the whole time I was at this hotel, the carpet was not cleaned even once - there was lint, threads and other debris all over the floor. The second day, I returned to my room after a meeting and my room hadn't been cleaned at all. I found the housekeeping staff in the hall and asked them to clean it. I was informed that I must put the 'Please make up room' sign on the door knob. There wasn't one! I had to call the Front Desk a couple of times to get bottles of water, coffee and also toilet paper. There was no alarm clock in the room, which is a basic need for travellers though this is not considered a high priority for the Chinese. The staff in the Business Centre could not understand basic English, perhaps the regular girl was off or on a break? However the Front Desk staff was more than proficient.It's unfortunate that this 4* hotel didn't live up to its reviews. I've been in the hotel and tourism industry for over 25 years, and have seen wonderful 4* hotels.Note: If you have the desire for other than Chinese food, there is a great French Bistro (Des Lys) with a Table d'Hôte menu for 48RMB just behind the hotel.	
Feb 21 2007	Would Definitely stay at the Donghu again!	We stayed two nights at the Donghu in Shanghai after staying at another four-star hotel in nearby Suzhou for a week. We knew the hotel in Suzhou (Bamboo Grove) was well-rated by Chinese standards so after such a pleasant stay we were bracing ourselves for a come-down at the Donghu Hotel; but we were very pleasantly surprised.We called ahead to ask for a room in the old part of the hotel (as opposed to the new block across the road, seemingly more anonymous) and were indeed given an enormous, clean and nicely-furnished room in the traditional style part of the hotel. The bathroom was large and fully-functioning, the bed huge and comfortable, and whilst the room was only on the second floor and overlooking the street, we were not disturbed by noise: as other reviewers for this hotel have noted, it is in a quiet position in a leafy, pleasant area of the city so traffic blare was not a problem.We did not eat breakfast in the hotel so I cannot comment on it, but the hotel has a half dozen restaurants and bars (including a Japanese restaurant). The location was superb for walking out into the heart of Shanghai. There were plenty of eating places to choose from in the immediate vicinity of the hotel, and a pub and some smart restaurants next door to the hotel. A 10 minute taxi drive got us to the old part of Shanghai for a great day's shopping and sightseeing.Turn left out of the hotel then left again; there is a Metro stop just five minutes' walk away. This is the same line that will get you to Renmin Square, amongst other places (Line 1).For a spot of shopping right around the corner from the hotel, turn right then wander around the streets behind the hotel; there is an incredible array of small boutiques and some trendy bars if you're after a coffee.All round this is a great hotel in an unbeatable location, particularly if your time in Shanghai is at a premium and you don't want to waste a lot of time getting around town. The staff were friendly and spoke reasonable English. The room was spotless. The bed was comfortable. No noise disturbance. We could not have asked for more (especially at the price!)	
Aug 24 2006 	A great hotel in a great neighborhood!	I stayed at the Donghu Hotel in July of this year, and it was a fantastic choice for a Shanghai hotel. The hotel itself is spread out over several buildings on either sides of a street. Be sure to ask for a room in the Garden Building, as the building has loads of character and the rooms are very quiet. I booked the smallest room possible, and it was more than adequate for one person. The rooms are immaculate, modern, and well decorated. I was in a room at the end of a hallway, and my bathroom was huge! Nearly as big as my Tokyo apartment. Lots of free water every day, coffee machine in the room, and loads of fresh towels. My two friends booked a room with two king sized beds, and their room was massive. Two large beds, plus a huge 'porch' with windows looking over the garden and big comfy chairs for lounging.The staff spoke English fairly well - we didn't have any problems and we certainly don't speak any Chinese! The hotel is located in the French Concession, a lovely leafy neighborhood that is great to return to after a day of strolling about the city. We did not eat at any of the restaurants at the hotel so cannot vouch for them. Be sure to pay a visit to the Dragonfly Spa, just across the street from the hotel - it's a Western-style, modern spa - cheap and pure bliss!	
Jun 27 2006	Great hotel in even better location	The Donghu Hotel is a lovely historic cluster of buildings located in the French Concession area of Shanghai, China. The lowest price room was too smalll, so when we got there we asked for one upgrade. The next level was fine, though a little small. Our room was nicely appointed and bottles of water were supplied daily free of charge. The beds are hard, as are all the beds we slept on in China, with the exception of the Shangri-La in Hangzhou. Every direction we walked from the Donghu was interesting. Less than a block away was an &quot;old ways&quot; market street with tiny stores open to the street selling all manner of food and goods. One had very good steamed buns, fresh every day and cost pennies. The staff at the Donghu was helpful, though their English was a little rough at times.	
Jun 16 2006 	peaceful oasis	In the hustle and bustle of Shanghai with motorbikes on the sidewalks and cars driving through every red light - the Donghu hotel offers a peaceful oasis.Great location in the French Concession, although the Fake market at the end of the road closes down at the end of this month and relocates (still not known to where).We stayed in the garden style hotel, which is slightly more expensive but much nicer than the modern apartment block across the road which lacks personality and style.Breakfast in the hotel looked a little dodgy, but just up the road is Elements Fresh - an excellent breakfast place on the 4th floor, (outdoor roof terrace on 5th floor).The hotel staff were very courteous and friendly. The room service food was cheap and excellent. The TV had HBO channel for nonstop films (for when exploring Shanghai became too much), rooms were large and clean and the beds were comfy.I also stayed at the 5* JW Marriott the week before and although not comparable, the Donghu does offer a pleasant taste of Shanghai if you are watching your budget.	
May 27 2006	Great Experience	I sayed five nights here in May 2006 and had a great experience. I got one of the lower end rooms (about $65 per night), but rooms are mostly high end. It has a great location in Luwan/French Concession and is near the knock off market (soon to be closed), shops and restraunts, and a nice park where I often got up early to watch the older folks do their morning excersises. It is also near the subway system, so getting around is very easy by underground or by taxi. The thing I appreciated most is that after a busy day it was QUIET at night; the beds were also comfortable, a big plus in China. The staff spoke good English and were always pleasant and helpful. Did not try the food establishments; there is a gym which is mediocre, though there is an indoor pool which seemed quite nice. My room was on the small side, but compares well with the size of what you would get in say, Hong Kong. I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Nov 10 2009 	100????????????????		
Oct 12 2009 	???????????????????		
