Oct 12 2009 	Great if you have an early flight to catch	I stayed at this hotel for one night as I was in transit in Shanghai. The hotel is ideally located at the airport, in between Terminal 1 and Terminal 2, just above the Maglev station. My room was nice and clean. The only downside was the fact that as my room was next to the lift, I could hear people shouting (literally) outside of my front door, so did not get much sleep at all. I wasn't the hotel's fault, as it was just down to some inconsiderate guests.Reception staff were polite and friendly.	
May 15 2009 	Nice room great value	The location is ideal - between the two terminals, so easy walking distance, quiet. Ideal if you have a late arrival or early departure. Spacious, clean, modern room, free wired Internet. Great view of terminal, planes taking off and landing. Price 338RMB on English language website, 298RMB on Chinese language site or at check in. Dinner (RMB 38) and breakfast (RMB 20) buffets Chinese oriented, but some western food. Down the elevator to food court (Kung Fu, KFC, Pizza Hut). I will be a regular, as Northwest flights arrive late/leave fairly early.Check in and check out were fast by Chinese standards - minimal lines, fast service. But be ready to have them check the room when you want to check out, as all Chinese hotels I've stayed in do.	
Jan 5 2009 	Convenience 	This is a good hotel if your flight has been canceled or changed as it sits between the two terminals of the Shanghai airport. It's a good value at about $50, includes breakfast, comfortable rooms, flat screen tv and free internet for your laptop. The decor is a bit gaudy as they try to be hip, but you'll live through it. It's surprisingly quiet given it's location at the airport. If you don't feel like getting into town, you can eat at several fast food outlets as well as the airport restaurants ( tasty and good values), The transit visa is also good for 24hours so you can shoot into Shanghai on the Magdev, a super fast bullet train that will have you in downtown Shanghai in 7 minutes!	
Nov 27 2008 	Good value though let down by 2 big issues	This is an airport hotel situated right inside Shanghai Pudong Airport. The lift takes you up to the hotel, and down directly to the two terminals. It is therefore extremely convenient for Pudong Airport.For 298 RMB (about £28) I was not expecting much but the hotel is suprisingly modern and comfortable. The hotel itself is split into two parts - the Ease Hotel and Motel 168. My room was in the latter, with the former being more up class and probably more expensive.The room was of a good size and overlooked one of the terminals. It was also surprisingly quiet considering its location. The furniture and build was all very new and the shower room was large and modern also, all well designed. Soft carpeting and furnishings though the bed was hard and the pillows were of low quality. There is a large flatscreen TV on the wall, though Chinese channels only and a work desk. Great plus point is free internet, including use of an ethernet cable.However, this decent hotel was let down by two annoying issues. The first was that the water in the bathroom was only luke warm at most. The second was that at 11pm they decided to carry out some work to the rooms above subjecting me to constant loud banging noise until 4am. As I had to get up at 6am for a flight, I did not get any sleep which kind of defeated the whole object of being there.The room service menu looked bad and expensive though the 38RMB dinner buffet was good value (the restaurant is at the Ease Hotel). Some of the translation is also amusing.If they increase the water temperature and prevent the noise (which is hardly difficult to do), this would have got a 5 star from me. Therefore, my summary is that if you need to stay at Pudong Aiport, this is a &quot;good&quot; choice considering the price, location and facilities.	
Oct 24 2009 	????????????		
Apr 25 2009	SEHR EMPFEHLENSWERT - DIREKT AM FLUGHAFEN		
