Sep 15 2009	Wonderful hotel at a reasonable price	We started our Grand Circle tour at the Royalton Hotel. It was a beautiful Western style hotel with an amazing breakfast buffet. We came back through Shanghai on our own after the tour and stayed at the Royalton again. We had left some bags with them, so we wouldn't have to carry them along on the rest of the tour, and we were so glad they had this service. The breakfast buffet has everything one could desire, from Chinese breakfasts to eggs, bacon, fruit, pastries, etc. They even have an omelet station. The other restaurants at the hotel are wonderful. A bar with a short menu is available in the lobby area. The other restaurant located on the ground floor serves great food from a more continental menu. The restaurant on the second floor offers a variety of Chinese selections. We ate at all of these and never had a bad meal, but our favorite was the second floor Chinese menu. The French Concession was a short taxi ride from the hotel, and an amazing section of the city we did not see on our tour. We walked to the Bund from the French Concession, and while it is a long walk, it was such an interesting perspective of the city. We felt like we lived there. So, yes, the Royalton is a long way from the Pudong airport, but for the money and the style, we would gladly go back there.	
Apr 2 2009 	Average at best.	- Okey rooms. Fairly Average.- Nothing Amazing, everything was basic.- The Rain shower was nice, but the water was a bit yellow.- Room was comfortable.- Location is Far out from the City. 30 mins taxi to everything.- An Old Tesco is across the street to buy groceries- Make sure you bring a hotel card if you go out. Most taxi's don't know the hotel by name.- Lobby smells like Cigars.- The Whole hotel Smells like Cigars. Even in a non-smoking floor.- You can Hear the highway at night if you open the window.A Fairly basic hotel, i won't Recommend. Stay at the Pudong Shangri-La, Now, that was Amazing!	
Mar 13 2009 	hidden gem of a hotel	I stayed here for a couple of nights during a business trip. It's pretty close to the Hangquo airport. It took about 20 minutes by car from the airport to the hotel. The hotel's located in a pretty busy area, but it's tucked away from most of the hustle and bustle, which is a good and bad thing. It's good b/c the hotel was pretty quiet, it's bad b/c it took a pretty long time to catch a taxi.Food was good.The room was clean.You're able to get a room w/ a computer, but I wouldn't recommend it. I asked for a room w/ a computer, and it didn't work. A tech came up to fix it, but it still didn't work. They gave me a different room, but that room's computer worked, only after the tech came up to fix it. Nonetheless, the room was clean and comfortable.	
Jan 23 2009 	Nice choice for slightly off the beaten path in Shanghai	We stayed here a single night for a business trip. The location was about a 1.5 hour drive in 6PM Shanghai traffic from the Pudong Airport. The rooms were clean and with very modern styling. Many western channels are available on the TVs, plenty of English signs, and the beds were soft by Chinese standards. The hotel has several dining options, and the Chinese restaurant properly reflects the milder, fusion, Shanghai cuisine.We would definitely stay at this location again.	
Jul 10 2008	Great hotel soso location	The rooms were in good condition, beds comfortable. The best part was the resturant food! The breakfast buffet was great, such a variety. Staff was friendly and helpful. It is located to a huge market/store that is a good place to get snacks and things like that. One problem would be the location. Its a little congested around the hotel and a bit far from The Bund. Other than that I recommend this place.	
Jun 28 2008	Absolutely Fabulous	This was the first hotel we stayed in on our trip to China with Grand Circle Travel. This hotel is an amazing hotel. The rooms are top shelf (meaning great) and the service was the best I have ever experienced. I think the only part of the hotel that did not look like a million dollars was the stairwell that I walked up an down a few times for exercise one day (this was a service stairwell and guests would rarely see it unless they were crazy like me in need of a work-out). The beds were comfortable. The rooms were emasculate. The restaurants had excellent food and service. Right around the corner from the hotel is a huge Chinese supermarket from which we purchased some snacks to ease our food budget. In the mornings people from the surrounding neighborhood congregated in the court outside the market by the hotel for Tai Chi. The only thing that could make this hotel even better would be if it could be transplanted nearer the Bund or other tourist sites. However, the local color of its location more than made up for the longer drives to tourist sites.	
Sep 20 2007	Very good hotel	We had a very enjoyable stay in the Royalton Hotel. The room was excellent and the resturant was superb. Resturant staff did have problems understanding English when you got away from ordering the meal, but this was no problem. Location is well away from the tourist sights in Shanghai, but that may well have been a plus. There is a very good supermarket across the street (underneath a sports arena) that is very large and well stocked and very cheap by US standards. There are only Chinese resturants in the area however. Several groups were doing exercises each morning around the hotel which was interesting.	
Jul 6 2007 	A "sleeper"...going local was a great experience	local friend suggested the hotel...it was great. Staff was friendly; reasonably good English; great facilities, rooms, linens and three restaurants. Almost a boutique-sized hotel, so not as impersonal as many of the chain hotels. High four star quality. General Manager grew up in France although is Chinese...management seems solid...younger staff, but then the hotel's only been open five years. Spa, night club, 3 restaurants, lobby lounge/bar.	
Jun 24 2007 	Nice room with very bad service	Their restaurant offered very nice food, absolutely love it. We had deluxe suite, and the room was spacious with quality furnished. The service was very bad, especially the room attendant, she was just so rude. Anyway, I think I will be back only for the yum food!	
Apr 3 2006 	Excellent up to date business hotel	I stayed at the Royalton for a business conference so the location was not really by choice. The Royalton is located in the western part of Shanghai, quite far away from the usual tourist sites, though the metro station is only about 15 minutes walk away. There is also a supermarket conveniently next door in the UFO shaped &quot;gymnasium&quot;. If you don't mind the location, this is an excellent, modern, high class, high rise hotel with all the amenities. The hotel ran out of their standard rooms so I got a spacious two room suite with a good view, which I have no complaints about. The room included a good breakfast buffet consisting of both western and asian food. However, internet access was an extra charge (up to RMB100 per day) so beware when comparing rates (you should be able to find several Shanghai hotels that include free internet access in their room rates). The staff were polite and had a good understanding of English. I would stay here again for business, but probably not if I were sightseeing.	
