Nov 20 2009 	Good quality nothing special	Stayed here only 2 nights during a business trip. People at the desk, not so nice, no welcome smile at all! Room is average size, but has some plus as a small kitchen (microwave and sink). There are two breakfast rooms: one the the ground floor, with a good choice but too crowded and another on the 14th (... well I do no remember exactly the floor...). This one is reserved only if you have a superior room, so few people in, but very poor choice in my opinion. Position is good, especially if you love italian luxury brands: Gucci and Bottega Veneta shop doors just next to the hotel entrance.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location but be aware of the extras	I have stayed at this hotel 3 times, and the third will be the last. Upon reserving I was told internet was complimentary (I would never stay at a hotel who charge for that), but when checking out I was presented with a bill for 2 days of internet at the amount of 30 USD. I protested but they ignored that. They got the 30 dollars extra, but lost a customer. Location is great, breakfast is below average. Rooms are ok, but stiff prices for internet will keep me away from this hotel.	
Sep 21 2009	Great Value would definitely recommend	I stayed at the Central View Suites on a trip to Shanghai with my mother and was very happy with my choice. The purpose of the trip was simply sightseeing, and sightseeing we did.I'm a very picky on cleanliness and this hotel did not disappoint. There was a convenient safe in the room as well as some snacks in case you get the munchies (though, for the price I suggest stopping to keep nearby). The hotel is located in what would be the high-end, name brand shopping district (i.e. gucci, prada, dolce, ferragamo, burberry, etc) I felt very safe walking the neighborhood late at night and early morning. It's about a 3 block walk to the West Nanjing metro stop. The more central hotels I looked up were not only more expensive, but after walking East Nanjing at night, I would assume much noisier as well. So for the price, you really can't go wrong.My only 'complaints' would be that the bed was a little hard for my taste, but you can request they add some padding to it (which I did) still a little hard but better. Also, I couldn't figure out how to keep the water from not falling out the shower.If you can even call those complaints, my overall experience was very pleasant and simple... and I like simple :)	
Sep 19 2008	loved this hotel	beautiful hotel, nice rooms, clean, cental location. no need to stay at the ritz carlton when you can save money here. the only disappointment was the breakfast buffet in the morning. it stays open unitl 10am, but they stop putting out the (lukewarm) food around 9am. everything else was superb, including the front desk who went out of thier way to translate my list of things to do in english to mandarin--very helpful. lots of great bars in the neighborhood also, since the hotel bar is kind of dead at night.	
Apr 20 2009 	???????????		
Mar 21 2009 	????????????????????		
Nov 15 2008 	Un 5* bien situé aux services 2*		
