Sep 22 2009 	Pleasant rooms in a good location	Having read previous reviews I was very concerned that the tour group we were with had booked this hotel. They assured us it was good quality and we were relieved to find it was. The rooms were clean with modern decor - we stayed in two different rooms and both were fine. The bed was large and comfy and the bathroom had all lots of nice marble and glass. The hotel is located near a busy road but this makes for good connections with the main attractions. The only thing that was less than perfect was the breakfast area which was hectic although it did have a good range of Western and Oriental food.	
Jan 26 2009 	Hated the place	Worst hotel I've ever stayed in. It's got everything that could spell accommodation NIGHTMARE.We were hit with stench of some terrible odor which lasted from the hotel lobby to our room corridor.Disinterested waitress who chat amongst themselves with stale, overcooked buffet breakfast greet us in the morning.Was just sitting around hotel lobby, reading guide book bought from Sydney, got bitten by mosquitoes that hangs around hotel lobby and accused of stealing the guide book by the gift shop assistant.Many times we had to stop the maid from cleaning our room when we clearly put the DO NOT DISTURB sign on our door. We complained to the reception about this, then the same night , I got bitten by BED BUGS and couldn't sleep the entire night.Would avoid this place like the plague.It's a shame Australian management has stooped to such a low level!	
Dec 9 2008	Wonders of China Tour	Shanghai:Rendezvous Merry Hotel - &quot;Appalling.&quot;A TripAdvisor Member, Liverpool, U.K.Stayed at this hotel in the finale of a 'Wonders of China Tour.'Have been back in the U.K. for 2-weeks and we are still trying to get over food poisoning.The lobby, a vast open unappealing area, was draughty and cold.Our hotel room and bathroom, though somewhat cramped, was clean and presentable.By far the worst part of the hotel is it's restaurant. A breeding ground for bacteria. It is probably the worst hotel restaurant we have been to in any part of the world. The buffet style food is presented in large containers kept warm for hours on end by 2-candles beneath each of the containers. Many of the candles had burnt themselves out and were not replaced. At best, the food was only ever lukewarm. The thought of it still makes us shudder. The chefs (if that is what you could call them!) did not wear hats. All of the restaurant staff appeared totally disinterested. They just chatted amongst themselves.Overall, our impression is that management is poor and there needs to be root and branch overhaul of employee practices and restaurant hygeine.My wife and I will never stay at one on these chain of hotels ever again. This hotel alone spoilt our 6-week holiday to Singapore, Australia, Hong Kong, and China.	
Apr 23 2008 	An excellent hotel	I recently stayed at this hotel for one week on a business trip to China. The hotel was booked by my company; I had no say in the matter and in fact it was not the company's first choice for my stay.No matter. I found it perfectly clean and comfortable, and it certainly lived up to its' rating. Admittedly the location is not so good from the tourist's point of view, but without wishing to seem selfish I was in China on business and not for tourism.But for those tourists who make the effort to work out the vagaries of the Shanghai underground, the nearest Metro station (Jiangsu Rd) is only about 10 - 15 mins walk away. Taxis are not too difficult to get - no more difficult than anywhere else in Shanghai.I did not dine there but I did have the buffet breakfast every day. I found this to be excellent. My only criticism was when I asked for a bag to be placed in the room so I could send some clothes to the laundry. In fact they actually took the clothes which I had left out and had them laundered, which included some I didn't want to be included - but that was hardly the crime of the century!I would certainly recomend this hotel to others and I would stay there again	
Jan 10 2008 	really a conference hotel	Stayed in this hotel after a long tour of china staying in a variety of hotels 3* to 5* .The Hotel is as other people have said a bit out of the way for the bund and shopping etc But taxis are easy to get and cheap.it is near the expressway but so is every hotel in shanghai ! The rooms were clean and had all the facillitys but by most hotel standards very small .Ok for one nighters but not as a base.This hotel caters mainly for conferences so is a bit impersonel but the staff were fine ane spoke better english than i spoke chinese.Food was ok i recommend the breakfast but other meals a bit motel style .The worst part was the bar .It was VERY expensive and carried a 15% surcharge on everything ! you were better off getting a taxi and going to a local bar street (Blue Frog Nanyong street 10mins away 60p fare )where most of the europeans drank .friendly atmosphere and CHEAP !!The overall view of this Hotel is that its OK but there are better about	
Dec 3 2007	Had to move after one night	This hotel is in the worst location, has the worst &quot;restaurants&quot; of any hotel I've stayed in, noone speaks English, and it took so long to get the smell of the hotel out of my clothes.	
Oct 28 2007 	Good hotel	This is a very good hotel but a little away from the &quot;action&quot;. You need a cab, bus or the metro to get to the main attractions. The staff are not really all that friendly but they are very efficient. The breakfasts are very good but don't bother eating any other meal as the service and the food are not that good.The hotel is very clean and the rooms are nice for the price.They &quot;ran out&quot; of white wine (yes the entire hotel had no white wine for 2 evenings)Worth the price though. Depends on what you want. It's safe, clean and reasonably central.	
Jul 20 2007	Modern Hotel for A Big City	Top notch hotel geared for business travelers and tourists alike (first hotel we used in China that had an iron in the room). Clean, comfortable, well equipped. Can't say anything negative, except as a tourist, it might be helpful to stay at a hotel closer to the Bund since we were always taking taxis down to that area. We used the subway in Shanghai as well - fantastic, clean, easy to use (maps, fares), lots of posts in English. A little confusing on the street to find our way back to hotel, but we eventually made it. Breakfast top notch as well, Western and Asian buffet, good service, very minimal box breakfast if you have to leave early (not even any butter with the rolls, which were at least fresh).	
Mar 28 2007 	This is a MOTEL not a HOTEL!	This place calls itself a 5-star hotel, in reality, its more like a motel. The front entrance and the lobby looked modern, but the rooms are terrible. Their Chinese dinner restaurant consisted of 7 odd sized tables with almost no ventilation in a room no larger than 300 sq. feet. Since my family and I are non-smokers, the second-hand smoke we endured sure made me think of lung cancer. The driveway exiting the hotel is very dangerous, heavy with pedestrian/bicycle/scooter/vehicle traffic, each time we drove out we came close to getting into an accident. My travel agent has been notified not to recommend this hotel to others.	
Jan 17 2007	a really bad mistake	we booked an executive suite for 5 nights.the room was dark and uninviting.it had a vile smell.the couch and bed were so hard it was impossible to get comfortable.the food in the lounge was cold. we checked out after 1 night .reception did not as why we were checking out early so we felt that just summed up the place they obviously have enough customers so they dont need to care	
Dec 5 2006	Smelly room	We booked this hotel in December 2006 for five nights as part of a holiday in China but only stayed one night. Our room smelled of mould and urine. Hotel staff were competent but not overly helpful. When we asked to change rooms they gave us a key to the new room but did not offer to move our bags despite my partner having a fractured arm in a sling from a fall from a few days before. When I asked for a tourist map the receptionist laughed or rather sneered. It is an Australian run hotel with Australian prices (high for China) and Australian service standards (mediocre to poor). After inquiring about nearby restaurants to eat at and being told that there were some about twenty minutes walk away, we decided to have a meal in the hotel bar. The menu was standard Australian pub food - chips, burgers, tuna sandwiches etc. A tuna sandwich and a burger with two beers set us back 388 yuan or about $70. The hotel is next to a very busy and noisy expressway. I am not sure if it is central but it is about a 30 minute taxi ride from the Bund and Nanjing Road East which is not ideal from a tourist's point of view. It is a good place to stay if you want to watch English language television or want to converse with the many Australians who stay there but you might be better off doing that in Australia.	
Mar 16 2006 	Exceeded my expectations...Value for $$	Though this hotel might not be 5-stars,I am still giving an &quot;Excellent&quot; rating because for the price I paid relative to other centrally located hotels (big-chain). This was a steal. This hotel is rather centrally located and well kept. Room was clean and orderly. Though I found the bathroom a little cramp (they included both a shower and bathtub) but that was not a big deal. Bathroom amenities though rather standard were sufficient and they even had a rain shower! Truly relaxing after a long day of sightseeing etc. Hotel also provided 2 bottles of drinking water a day, which came in handy.During my 3 nights stay, I managed to get a good rate inclusive of breakfast which served to make my stay even sweeter. =) If you can, do request for a room facing the city as those views are nicer and the rooms are a tad brighter and bigger!As in most parts of China, cabs are cheap and plentiful so it was convenient getting from place to place. Will definitely consider staying here again.	
Mar 4 2006	Super Hotel. Great Value	What a lovely hotel this is. OK, not quite as good as the Hilton in Shanghai, but it's a chinese hotel and you really would have to split hairs to tell the differance. We only stayed 2 nights (£38 for a double room) elegant, very friendly, lovely breakfast (included in the price)very clean. Large room with Kingsize bed. Bathroom is lovely, all the extras that you would need. Extreamly central. But a taxi is only 60p within a two mile radius and the porter just calls one for you.	
Aug 9 2005 	Good Home Away From Home	Stayed at the Rendezvous for one night in July. Actually this was my 5th visit to this hotel. The location for me is excellent since it is near my source of business but some may find it not as convenient. The rooms are spotless, everything works and the breakfast buffet wonderful. The staff is pleasant, solicitous and very helpful. The air conditioning worked well which is an important consideration for Shanghai in July. There is plenty of traffic around the hotel but the rooms are quiet and the traffic is not heard. A good night's sleep was the result. We shall return.	
Nov 11 2009 	???????????????????		
Oct 26 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 17 2009 	MOYEN		
