Oct 18 2009 	Fantastic in every possible way!!	We have just come back from a 6 day stay in this beautiful hotel. Do not believe the negative, picky comments made by others, they are just not true. The hotel was recommended to us by a friend who lives in Shanghai, and has had dinner and drinks on the rooftop terrace so she knew the location and the public interiors.As a first timer to Shanghai this was the perfect location. Set in the French Concession in a street full of small boutiques, but far enough away from the noise to not disturb you. The rooms were beautiful, but most importantly the service, was excellent. They don't fawn over you, so travellers who are expecting this should stay away. They are polite and helpful when needed. The front desk staff had excellent English, and we made the effort to learn enough Mandarin to converse simply with the restaurant and housekeeping staff. We had way less problem understanding and being understood then we did at a multi-national hotel in Dallas which employed Mexican staff.	
Aug 24 2009 	I wish I lived here	My boyfriend and I were very taken with the pictures we saw of this hotel and as we are not keen on staying in homogenous business hotels, we decided to splash out for a couple of days, whilst travelling around China. I am really surprised by the negative reviews on this site. The hotel staff could not have been more helpful, for example they booked sleeper tickets for us, saving us a trip to the train station and did not charge us a commission. I had my incredibly heavy rucksack carried up to the room and there was no expectation of a tip. As for the room... It was without doubt, the most luxurious room either of us has ever stayed in. The bed alone was so big it required a step up to it (as did the two person bath tub). The furniture (which is repro - who would put genuine antiques into a hotel room?!) worked really well to give a 1930s vibe. Maybe the large flatscreen tv didn't fit in with the decor but it was easy to ignore. The bathroom was also impressive. Apart from the two-person tub, there was a large shower cubicle with the best shower I've ever had - three settngs: main shower, mini shower and spray/mist. And the toiletries were delicously scented!We also had access to a balcony that overlooked the front of building, so we had a great view of the comings and goings of the street as well as a great view of the Russian Church opposite. The only real noise came from the crickets (presumably in the trees) but they stopped at night :)Breakfast was also fine - a choice of a main meal, tea/coffee and then buffett (fruit, cheese, bread etc). The only real downside to the hotel was the cost of room service and mini bar (8 yuan for 1 litre of Evian...)Overall, this was an amazing hotel!	
Aug 20 2009 	Perfect Stay for Our Small Group	I organized a group of 8 to stay at the Mansion for the July 22, 2009 Total Solar Eclipse. Group members universally loved the Mansion. The accomodations exceeded expectations (even better than as pictured on the Hotel webiste). The service, both before and during the stay, was superlative. We chose the mansion because we wanted an historic &quot;boutque&quot; hotel with a panoramic view. The Mansion fit the bill perfectly. They set up a rooftop oasis for us for viewing the eclipse; and fortunately, it was covered by an awning (it rained during the event).I do not understand some of the negative reviews I posted here previously. I have stayed at dozens of small luxury properties on five continents, and I cannot recall better service or accomodations for the money.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great experience at the Mansion	Just came back from a trip to China, Thailand, Laos and Hanoi.Trip was wonderfulIn Shanghai we stayed at a wonderful placed callled the Mansions, in the French Concession.The manager and assistant manager could not have been nicer. We found a price on Hotels.com and then emailed the hotel directly. SInce I was traveling with a friend, of the same sex, we wanted 2 beds in the larger room.The manager was happy to move the beds, match the price of Hotels.com, and threw in a free breakfast.When we arrived in Shanghai, after out flight had been significantly delayed, the car that the hotel had arranged to meet us, was not there. The hotel had called and been given incorrect information from the airlines.They were VERY apologetic, and gave us an additional breakfast , on them, as well as 2 free drinks.The staff was extremely helpful with the many questions we bothered them with daily.. As well as excellent with suggestions . They went out of there way to make our stay at the hotel great.The hotel itself, is quite charming.When we first walked in to the lobby, we were a bit put off..l But, within seconds were thrilled that we had decided to stay there.My understanding is that there is a great deal of histroy connected with the hotel, including being owned , at one time, by an opium drug lord..Location is great..in the French Concession, Great area to walk in, and convienient to everything. Taxis were plentiful, and the staff was always helpful about locating one.I highly recommend this hotel, and look forward to staying there again, soon	
Apr 13 2009	Great Location Compensate for Rude Incompetent Untrained Staff	Positives: Location in the French Concession on a quiet street near trendy cafes, boutiques, spas, and a short walk to major shopping areas is outstanding. The cool-factor of being in an old mansion is fun.Service:Horrible for this price range (any price range for that matter) for the following reasons. - Staff at the main entrance failed to greet us with a simple &quot;Hello&quot; 75%, preferring to text message or look askance. - Check out: (1) No offer to help us with luggage or to hail a taxi even though staff were standing in the lobby quite aware of both our presence and of our checking out. (2) Cashier was incompetent. The bill was settled in cash. The employee was unable to count the bills by hand, preferring to use an automatic counter which jammed 10 times before she gave up and tried to count the bills. She was not confident and just let me go as I was clearly exasperated by her inability to simply cound 35-odd bills.- Clogged sink: had to inform staff twice (I speak Chinese, so no communication difficulties) to have the simple problem fixed. Five hours lapsed between requests.- Maid service: (1) did not refill complementary fruit tray over our multi-day stay. (2) allowed the hotel's internet cable to remain strewn about the floor/table, not even attempting a cursory tidying up of it. - Size: room was much smaller and equipped with a small bathroom and no tub as against the pictures they advertise.Conclusion: The period details make the location interesting; however, the lack of modern amenities such as a gym or comfortable lounge or larger rooms do not make this establishment worthy of a multi-night stay. Spend one night to have the experience, then move to the Regent. The hotel's one saving grace is its location.	
Mar 22 2009 	A Hotel with Integrity	Business travel is usually uncomfortable. Most 5 star hotels are exactly the same, and hence boring. What a pleasure then to stay at a hotel which satisfies the key attribute missing in most hotels .... being made to feel special. There is nothing pretentious about China Mansion. It's the genuine article.	
Jan 29 2009	Old Shanghai repackaged	This is boutique hotel at its best. Charming and intriguing at the same time. You feel like you are staying at the clubhouse of THE Mafia boss of 1930s Shanghai.The location is extremely convenient, 2 mins to HuaiHai Road, a major shopping location and at the edge of the quaint french concession area.The room exceeded our expectations. Looks old on the photos but is extremely comfortable. Fluffy beds, clean sheets of a sufficient thread counts and your own pair of embroidered slippers for that old Shanghai feel. The toilet ticks all our boxes as female guests. Huge bath, rainshower high pressure steam room. Large sink, mirrors and quaint antique jewelry boxes for your toiletries. Service is attentive in general and the staff try very hard to speak and understand english. The carpet is a dream to walk on and the armchairs are so delicious, they are hard to get out of.On the downside, if you want to nitpick...they should have repaired the carpets at areas with more wear and tear instead of throwing a thick layer of plastic over it. We could do with better toiletries and bath oil etc. But who uses hotel toiletries anyways...Turndown service could do better than 2 measly piece of DOVE candy. The LCD is really in your face and clashes with the old world glamourFantastic on the whole and a breath of fresh air in accommodations. Definitely worth a stay if you are allergic to the hotel chains like we are.	
Jan 2 2009 	Good but NOT Great.	Ok Let's cut to the chase here.Pro's1) Location. Location. Location. 2 blocks away from all the upscale shopping and restaurants.2) Colonial building with a fascinating history. Great Lobby.3) Rm Decor 4) Terrace Restaurant (go for a drink. not food).Con's (some of them only apply b/c the hotel claims to be a 5 star)1) Cigar smoke permeates the ENTIRE hotel at night.2) Sorry Breakast3) Staff are not as service oriented as you would expect in this hotel catagory. Front desk could be clueless sometimes. Don't expect any greetings/smiles/help from doormen/lady. Seems like &quot;standing by the door&quot; is their entire job description, and they do exactly so.4) Very short driveway. You end up at a streetcorner if you want a cab.5) Rm showing it's age even with the 2007renovation. For example, a few small moldy spots between the tiles in the bathroom. Also. for a short person like me, getting into the tub required a stepping stool (provided). Not sure how it would go for elderly or children. In short, having stayed at Ritz/JW in Shanghai before, this is by no means a true 5 star experience. But it you want something unique, woldn't hurt to give it a shot.	
Dec 3 2008 	Wedding at Marvellous Mansion	Our wedding couldn't have been any more perfect at the Mansion.Right from the start until the end we were looked after like Royalty. They gave a massive room that was beautifully decorated with petals in the big Jacuzzi and even a rose in the toilet bowl. We had the ceremony at the top of the hotel and Shanghai turned on a great day me and my husband. We danced the night away and everyone had a fantastic time. My family and I will recommend this hotel to all of our friends and if you ever want a romantic getaway Mansion hotel is the place to do it. The staff are so sweet and attended to our every need. The hotel itself is fascinating and is a great place to escape the busy center of Shanghai.	
Nov 7 2008	Disaster!!	Our 4 day stay in Oct. 2008, was a disaster; This is far from a five star hotel; the standard and deluxe rooms have littleto no space for clothing; the food is terrible; eg. a $45.00 &quot;Kobe&quot;steak in the roof terrace arrived cold and inedible; We were double charged for a 1/2 day tour; and although this wasrecognized by the staff, the charge remained; there is considerable traffic noise..Few of the reception desk staff speak any EnglishThis hotel is highly over rated and over priced.	
Oct 12 2008 	Lovely Stay But...	I had visited Shanghai in June and wanted to take a look at the China Mansion for my next trip in September. It was really difficult finding a taxi driver who knew where it was but after about 5 attempts we made it. The hotel lobby is certainly stunning and staff were most accommodating, offering us a tour of the rooms. It is absolutely lovely - as close to 1930s Shanghai as you can get. Lots of antiques, some opulent rooms and of course the &quot;gangster history &quot; is quite different to the usual big chains. So fast forward to September when I booked 3 rooms for a business trip. On arrival staff were very helpful and we were delighted to be upgraded - my room was a balcony room and I loved it. But here goes the good things and a few not so good. Hotel beautiful, atmospheric and in a nice area for walking the French concession. Staff try their best to help. As a five star hotel though - on checking in I had dried urine from a previous guest on the toilet seat. That's not good even for a budget hotel. Next (I'm being picky here) the robes were tatty and the pockets torn, the fruit in the room looked pretty old and wasn't changed for the 4 nights I was there. Staff were sometimes slow -especially with drinks and the maids were often pushy. Even though I had no laundry they sometimes barged right past me into the room. Perhaps they didn't understand my attempts at no thanks. We tried the restaurant twice. Once for soup. It was watery and tasteless and the breakfast was bad. They tout it as western but my omlette was horrible. I know it is a small hotel and shouldn't be compared to the breakfast at the Westin Bund, but it could have been better. Oh, there's no currency exchange either. It's about a 8 mins walk to a bank .A big problem and this is not the hotel's fault...is that taxi drivers have no idea where this place is - even when you have the little map. I know sometimes taxi drivers just don't want to take you, but this was really, really bad. If we did not have native Chinese speakers with us I don't know if we would ever have found our way to the hotel. I loved being in this area as I have been to Shanghai several times but if it was my first trip I would suggest the bund/nanjing road area as it was quite a ride to old town etc. Plus there was always the taxi problem. Overall a great, atmopsheric place to stay but don't expect the Ritz service. Also, I may hav e the name wrong but do try and eat at the Yong Foo Elite(???) It used to be the British consulate before the war and again it's like stepping back into the 1930s.	
Sep 7 2008	Adored The Mansion	Just returned from a week in Shanghai where I stayed at the China Mansion Hotel. I was taking my daughter to her study abroad program and really wanted to stay somwhere luxurious and memorable. The Mansion delivers on both counts. Located in the former French concession the hotel is a private home that has been lovingly converted to a lavish 33 room hotel - one of the nicest I've ever been to (and I've been lucky enough to have stayed in some of the very best). My room was enormous, with high ceilings, a private terrace and a beautifully appointed bathroom with a tub that was practically big enough to do laps in. Despite the language barrier (The Mansion is not the Marriott in this regard) the level of service was superb. Prompt room service, a fantastic rooftop restaurant for drinks and/or dinner, and an attentive staff that anticipated my every need. I also loved the location which was both convenient and enough out of the main tourist crush to make you feel as though China is really just outside your door. A great value for the money.....	
Aug 9 2008 	Gorgeous Rooms Needed A/C in the rooftop restaurant	The hotel reception was beautiful, filled with antiques and photographs of old Shanghai. A really nice reception. Checkin went smoothly. The rooms were fantastic! Huge rooms, very comfortable bed, and a massive bathroom. The hi-tech toilet was a bit overwhelming (had to leave the light off to keep the toilet from switching on!), but the massive bathtub with jets was wonderful. Only issue with the entire stay was we spent some time in the rooftop restaurant / lounge during happy hour one afternoon. We were the only guests and the A/C kept on turning off. It was extremely hot and humid, and not at all comfortable.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great location but not a 5-Star Hotel	Please keep in mind that this was our first time to China, for a long weekend. So, I am comparing this to how a 5-star hotel should be.On the upside:1. The hotel's location is ideally located in the heart of the French Concession. There are lots of curious shops within walking distance; it's a great place to start a stroll.2. The hotel itself is a magnificent old building and once inside the lobby, you feel a world apart from the Shanghai chaos outside. 3. We were keen to avoid a business-hotel feel. It certainly feels more boutique than the chains.4. We had a Superior King room. The room was large and met specification. They've tried to give the rooms something of a period feel, by decking them out with (fake) antique furniture.On the downside:1. We took the Weekend Package - stay 2 nights and get 3rd free. I noticed afterwards that the room rate/night that is used to calculate the price of two nights for this package was higher than the basic rate if I had just booked two nights (though it still came in slightly cheaper on the Weekend Package).2. The service was terrible. The desk staff had no idea about what I would regard as basic knowledge for a 5-star hotel, eg the names or addresses of the best-known restaurants in town. We cannot have been their first customers to request a cab to Jean Georges. Worse still, one night the staff gave the cab driver the wrong address for the restaurant ... fortunately I had a guide book in my back pocket. Maybe the staff/concierge need more training. We also ran out of toilet paper one night .3. It took a while for people to appear and things to happen, eg we waited a few minutes for someone to show us a table in the lobby for a drink. 4. The breakfast is expensive for what it is and not up to 5-star hotel standard. I'd recommend eating outside.Maybe these are all small points, but when you are paying more than $250 per night, with a 15% service fee on everything, this all counts.	
Jul 5 2008 	Shockingly Bad	We made our reservation at the Mansion Hotel with great expectations ... and could hardly have been more disappointed. Yes, the hotel has many beautiful features, but nothing could make up for the truly dreadful service and serious problems with our room. The hotel staff was consistently cold, unhelpful, and often hostile, especially those at the front desk. We were checked in without so much as a &quot;welcome&quot; or a smile. Because we had missed lunch and were hungry when we arrived, we asked if they could recommend something in the area. In response, we were given a map with the hotel circled on it, and were told that there were many restaurants in the area. After 45 minutes of walking (apparently we had headed in the wrong direction), we returned to ask for more help. We were then told that the restaurant on the 5th floor of the hotel was open, and we could have lunch there. Why this information wasn't initially offered is a mystery. Our room, while nicely appointed (although quite small), had serious issues that were never addressed. Most importantly, there was mold growing on the ceiling and an oppressive mold smell that permeated the room. The hall lights outside of our room were never turned on, making returning at night through a dark hallway a fairly creepy experience. There was no response to our repeated requests to have these problems dealt with. We booked a &quot;VIP package&quot;, which was to include champagne upon arrival, flowers in the room, and two massages. There was no champagne (never did manage to receive it), the flowers were sad, and we received the massages only after our reminders that this was to be included in our package. Unfortunately, there was no glimmer of hospitality from the beginning of our stay until the end. The final blow was when someone chased us out to our car, as we were leaving for the airport, to say that housekeeping had reported that we consumed one more minibar coke than had originally been reported, and we owed them an additional five dollars (remember the champagne that we never received?). We are travelers who love small hotels and had hoped that this would be an experience to remember. Unfortunately, the Mansion was devoid of the kind of service and attention to detail that make staying in a small &quot;boutique&quot; hotel a special experience.  The Mansion Hotel is not what it appears to be. I would suggest that you find a cool night to visit the top floor outdoor restaurant for drinks, but avoid staying at this hotel at all costs.	
Jun 20 2008	Disappointed	The Mansion isn’t a bad hotel. It’s clean and comfortable and its location in the heart of the French Concession is ideal for exploring Shanghai. However, the hotel’s prices (for rooms, food, laundry—most everything) are at the top of the line for China and it fails to meet an international 5 star level in some significant ways.Service1. For reasons that I was unable to determine, most of the staff seems quite unhappy. There was no warmth or friendliness in the service, even from staff members that we saw several times during our three-night stay. One of the reasons we like to stay in smaller hotels (like the Mansion) is because we prefer a more personal experience. We felt as anonymous here as we would felt have at a Marriott with 1,000 rooms.2. The hotel charges a 15% service fee on top of its already high prices on almost everything. In addition, the staff hover around after they perform every service and are clearly expecting tips. I suspect that little if any of the service charge goes to the staff and this may explain the unhappy staff attitude I mentioned in point 1. However, the practice of charging for service and then having the staff expect tips is outrageous and should stop immediately.3. We encountered some glaring service gaps. For example, we arrived back at the hotel at 9.30 pm on a Saturday evening and wanted to have a drink. We went up to the bar on the fifth floor and it was closed for a private function. We went back to the nearly empty lobby lounge and sat down in full view of several staff members. No one came and asked us if we wanted anything. After 10 minutes I got up and told a staff member that we wanted to order a drink. Rather than take our order, the staff member said he would get someone from the bar. 10 minutes later no one had appeared and I had to get up and ask again. Someone finally arrived and took our order about 30 minutes after we sat down and our (expensive) drinks arrived 10 minutes after that. Again, the server clearly expected a tip even though the order included a 15% service charge.4. Service in the restaurant on the 5th floor was disorganized—almost chaotic. I could never tell which waiter was in charge of our table (different waiters appeared throughout the meal), part of our order was forgotten and another part was given to the table next to us.Design Design preferences are very personal and I understand that other people may find the hotel’s design attractive. I did not.1. The lobby is fussy and cluttered and it often has an unpleasant food odor wafting through it.2. Our room was large but the space was not used very effectively. There was a very large bed (that’s fine) and an overly large (almost silly) desk, armchair and footrest. There was also a large, fake fireplace. The wardrobe for hanging clothes was too small and there were no drawers for clothes. If space had been used more effectively, there would have been room for a small, but cozy sitting area with a sofa and chairs and adequate room for clothes.3. The lamps next to the bed do not provide enough light for reading—you have to keep the overhead light on.4. The shower curtain is inadequate and water floods the bathroom floor.5. Our room had many shiny/glossy/reflective surfaces and mirrors. It’s looks like a Chinese version of Las Vegas style and I did not care for it.To summarize, there is nothing seriously wrong with the Mansion and its location is excellent. However, for the prices being charged I expect better, friendlier service and the design of the hotel did not appeal to me.	
Jun 4 2008	Perfect Start to China Trip	My wife and I stayed at the Chna Mansion Hotel for three nights in May (during Labor Day holiday). When our guide we hired picked us up at the airport, his first words almost were you picked a great hotel , in the best part of city. We had seen pictures on the internet of hotel, but was really impressed when we pulled in through the gates. The lobby was old school with many nice antiques. Check in was easy. We were brought to our room, the cheapest one in hotel. It was huge with a fireplace, antique desk and one of the nicest bathrooms. The toilet had a heated seat and electronic controls, took a little time to figure out which button flushed the thing. I realy liked the charm of the hotel and feel of the old luxury of China, not the new skyscraper hotels where your room # is 3615. After take a brief nap, 15 hour nonstop flight, we went up to the rooftop terrace to take a look. One of the best feautures of the hotel, as Shanghai is extremely crowded, noisy and has lots of pollution, it was like being on your own island where you could relax and have a drink. We ate breakfast everymorning ther and truly enjoyed it. The Sunday brunch was excellent, as the eggs dishes. The location is very easy to get around. The most we paid for a cab was 20 yuan, during rush hour to the Bund. The rest of the time around 12 yuan (less than two US dollars). We loved walking around Old Shanghai. I would recommend this hotel to someone looking for a hideaway within one of the most busy and biggest cities in the world. As for some guests on this board complaints about the staff, I think alot of this is due to Chinese is most of the staffs first language and as the saying is goes &quot;Lost in Translation&quot;. My wife and I both have different first languages and we even have some problems communicating with each other sometimes due to misunderstanding. The staff has several Americans and Europeans on it and during our stay they were very helpful as were all of the staff.	
May 28 2008 	Luxury Experience of 1930's Shanghai	In today’s world, we are never lack of luxury hotels. Especially, as you stay in UAE, there are so many 6 stars or even 7 stars hotels all around and there will be more and more. The Jumeirah, Rotana, the Shangri-La, Hyatt, JW Marriott and Le Méridien etc, you will find they are more or less same with big hall, shining- shining decoration, 500 above rooms or suites, 6-7 restaurants with presentable staffs. While you are on biz trip, you would be like these conveniences that modern luxury hotels could always provide to you. But while on leisure time, I definitely need something different. After long time searching and comparing, we choose the Mansion Hotel. The building and its decoration are lovely as well as their staffs. They are always be there to be ready for answering all the questions that you may ask about the building, the neighborhood and the city. They also have one of most comfortable hotel beds that I ever slept on. The bathroom is as big as many bathrooms you only could find in luxury suite of 5 stars hotels even my room is just a normal deluxe room. With a nice of view of the local residents’ areas, I felt that I touched the best part of real Shanghai! The hotel also has a rooftop restaurant called Skyline. The lunch set menu is a good choice before you start to explore the city. And the Sunday brunch was also nice if you get late and just want have a lazy and casual day. I did not try their dinner. But I think it will be a good idea to have some drinks at their terrace during late night time. If I get any chance back to Shanghai, I will definitely return my home away home again.	
May 23 2008 	Magic at the Mansion	We asked our friends in Shanghai where we should stay when we came to visit them. We asked for a place that was different from the 5 star hotel's we usually stay at. They said they had the perfect place and left it up to them. I am very thankful I did, as we wouldn't have wanted to stay anywhere else.From the moment we drove into the gates of the Mansion we were amazed at what we saw. The fountains bubbling beside the beautiful gardens and a lobby overloaded with classic pieces from early this centuary. Once we were checked in by the front desk (quite slowly), we were lead to our room. The rooms are great! Massive bathrooms with a nice small deck to sit outside on. The big TV was perfect for us to watch the cheap DVD's we brought from down the road. Breakfast everyday had a good variety and we loved sitting out on the deck at night . Indulging in a few social drinks and immersing ourselves in the panoramic view on offer. The view is one of a kind and needs to be seen to be believed. Our whole stay was great, except for the fact that they didn't change foreign currency at the front desk. Chinese banks are a nightmare. These things are to be expected. However the experience is something to learn from.We are so glad we trusted our friends and will continue to do so for a long time to come. I would happily reccommend Mansion Hotel to everyone travelling to Shanghai.	
May 19 2008 	Horrendous Experience	Being a member of SHL, this hotel totally failed our expectation. We stayed for 2 nights only. The rooms look nice, but when you look closer, you can see that they used cheap material to pretend that they are luxurious. Some of the decorations are simply not right, such as the paintings on the bathroom wall, and the plant in the room. What we have most issue with is their service. The breakfast was just bad. The buffet part was sad and the entree part was bad. The staff there, they either didn't know what to do, or they didn't care. No matter what we asked for, we could't get it from them, from a fork to a taxi. If we managed to get it, it would be after rushing them a few times.When we checked out, we requested to store our luggage at the concierge, which is like the most common request that you can expect from the guests, but they said no, due to &quot;security reason for the Olympics&quot;. After arguing for 5 minutes, and 3 times &quot;we really can't store your luggage here&quot;, we asked to speak to the GM of the hotel. The most funny thing is: the reception said she could not reach him, and it was 10:00am on a Monday! Eventually we were offered complimentary late check-out until 6:00pm. However, when our friends checked out the room, they only offered them complimentary late check-out until 3:00pm, right in front of us! The more ridiculous thing was, my another friend checked out later and they stored their luggage at the concierge without any difficulty! This example clearly shows that they have absolutely no clue about service.This hotel has a beautiful facade, but once you look closer, you will reject it as fast as you can. If you have made your booking, I wish you luck!	
May 14 2008 	adored Mansion Hotel Shanghai	I must admit that I was a little nervous about arriving in Shanghai alone, but all that changed when I saw the limousine driver from China Mansion Hotel holding up a sign with my name on it. From then on I was in heaven. From the moment I stepped into the romantic historical lobby I knew I had made the right decision to stay in the French Concession are rather than the space age Pudong side. The accomodation at the Mansion is reminiscent of the Peninsula in Hong Kong, with a much more intimate feel. The lobby is without retail outlets and feels like the entrance to a grand old home, which in fact it once was. As I was a little timid at the begining about wandering around alone until my husband was to join me in four days time, I think I treated every member of the staff as if they were my parents and should look after me !!! This they did and more.......I ended up wandering around the magical streets and laneways every night till late......very safe and always full of people. Taxis are so inexpensive if you don't feel like walking. A bubble bath in the evening was de rigeur before sitting at the bureau full of all the staionery you need and working at my computer. When my husband did arrive he said WOW and then how much is this costing?! Surprisingly, the Mansion is not expensive for a 5 star hotel. Don't let your taxi driver take you to the wrong mansion hotel though, as there are a few in Shanghai with the word mansion in them. Shanghai is a beautiful city with its colourful history ever present around every corner from the Bund back. Sitting in on of the many beautiful spots at the Bund looking across at the &quot;Jetsons&quot; space age architecture which we explored many times, I decided that the experience has been so good for my soul, business and social life, Shanghai is my new obsession and the Mansion my home away from home.Angela Batley.Double Bay. SydneyAustralia	
Apr 20 2008	A nice surprise...	I'd be lying if I said that our heart didn't sink a bit when we entered the China Mansion hotel. A musty smell hangs in the air, and the thick carpets, and proliferation of photos, momentos and 'period' pieces leaves one weaving through the lobby. But I can honestly say that by the end of our trip, I wouldn't have gone anywhere else in Shanghai.The location is excellent - sitting in the middle of the French Concession, and it is very good value, just $200 for a huge and very comfortable room with balcony and the bizarre and amusing breakfast (including a woefully understocked 'buffet', and cooked menu of your choice). Compared to the surprisingly tatty &quot;new&quot; hotels in Shanghai (we visited and saw rooms in both the JW Mariot and Four Seasons), the China Mansion was wonderfully eccentric.Yes, there are problems. The hotel is on a busy junction and the rooms were quite noise. The service, though enthusiastic, was not the most efficient (the car booked for the airport turned up half an hour late with the excuse &quot;well, it's Monday&quot;), and the smell of chinese food and cabbage had a tendency to waft through the corridors. But all-in-all, I would recommend China Mansion - if I returned to Shanghai, I'd happily stay there again.	
Apr 4 2008	Bad Place To Be	The service and amenities are so substandard I think the reviews here are fake!An email for an extended stay was totally ignored twice. Guess I should have known.Asking at the desk for a map-&quot;we have none&quot;Asking for a guide-&quot;We have none&quot;Asking for reccommendations -BlankAsked to have pot of my new tea made while I sat in lobby &quot;We charge for Tea&quot; ok, my tea comes out in an inappropriate pot with boxed cookies ($2 for a 100 cookies)...Us $5At breakfast there really is nothing, the same cookies appear in a bowl, ask for yogurt, nuts, coffee..2nd coffee-the usual Americano watered version-&quot;we charge...only 1 coffee/juice for breakfast&quot; I am told.There is a large flat screen TV for Hallmark, HBO, CNN--that's it.Nice bathroom, but its service that makes or breaks a hotel stay and this is simply way below the worst in my 3 months in Asia.	
Mar 2 2008 	The Utimate plush hotel in China	Excellent service quality assurance with the aid of New Zealnd ambassador Samuel Finnerty, who made this experience exceptional. His wealth of knowledge for a social experience and organisation made this trip comfortable and a pleasure to be home away from home.	
Feb 12 2008 	Sumptuous even over-the-top.....	My partner and I visited Shanghai over the Chinese New Year holiday when the city was absolutely cold and freezing. The China Mansion Hotel provided us however with a refuge to keep us warm during our brief stay. The hotel is a gem in the middle of a city known more for high-rise glitz and glamour offered by sterile hotel chains. Every inch of this unique property is filled with priceless antiques and memorabilia that must be seen to be believed. Our deluxe suite was huge with a cavernous ceiling. The furnitures were plush and sumptuous, a great departure from the minimalist trend that is so common to most hotels these days. The bathroom was gorgeous but quite cold as it was not heated like the bedroom. What the hotel lacks in standard amenities like a business center or a gym, it makes up for in character and hospitality. The location is very convenient if the Huaihai Road shopping is on top of your agenda as it is only a 5 minute walk. Alternatively, the Bund area and Nanjing Road can be reached either by taxi (around 12 RMB) or by subway (2 stops at 3 RMB). The popular Yuyuan Gardens can also be reached by cab and the approximate fare should be around 15 RMB. For travellers who prefer to stay in a unique and historical place, then this lovely hotel will surely get high marks.	
Feb 9 2008 	Gangster glamour in old Shanghai	We wanted to stay somewhere convenient in an above average place with character. China Mansion Hotel was recommended to us by an expat resident of Shanghai and met our critieria and more. This place has to be seen to be believed. The time warp to pre-war Shanghai happens as you step through the front door, though the location of this renovated 1930s gangster's villa in a busier part of the former French Concession helps prepare the ground. The reception area is kitted out in dark wood, period-style armchairs and glass cabinets, to which a generous portion of kitsch memorabilia has been added. The walls abound with fascinating pictures of old Shanghai. Our suite was spacious, with a combination of Chinese furniture and features and old-fashioned club furniture: high backed leather chairs etc. The bed was huge and comfortable. Only very minor grumbles were the bedside lighting - too dim to read by - and the heating - set very high. Our room faced the street, which gets noisy early. Even with the double glazing, street sounds do filter through. But it didn't disturb us.The bathroom was luxurious: lots of marble and mirrors, a rainforest style soaking shower and vast bath with jacuzzi. But the lack of heating meant it was a tad chilly on a December morning! However, the toilet seat was heated!The rooftop restaurant where we had breakfast was wonderfully bright with views over the surrounding area (including a Russian Orthodox Church opposite the hotel entrance). Too cold to sit outside, though they do have heaters for the evening. Breakfast was fine: nouvelle cuisine meets continental. Didn't try it for other meals but the blackboard announcing gluhwein and winter BBQ appealed. Service was excellent. We were given an upgrade, which helps (not least as this is an expensive place to stay), but as I've found at other hotels in China staff were keen to help without fawning over you. The excellent manager, Sam Finnerty, met us on arrival and farewelled us. Getting a cab in Shanghai can be a nightmare but the concierge got us one on both evenings we needed one.  If you want a view of the Yangtse, Pudong or the Bund this isn't the place, but when you walk out the front door you feel as though you're in a neighbourhood with history and character. The local metro station is just 5 minutes walk away on one of Shanghai's most fashionable shopping streets, Huaihai Road. And there are lots of boutiques in the immediate vicinity.We will definitely stay here again and will be recommending this hotel to friends and colleagues. If you want pre-war Shanghai glamour with luxury (and excellent plumbing!), this place is very hard to beat.	
Jan 7 2008	Loved the Place!!!	Lovely Hotel with even more lovely staff. We were there for two nights and had the most luxurious stay ever. The rooms were amazing and th restaurant a beautiful view. Will be back to Shanghai again next year and wouldn't stay anywhere else. Price was pretty high, but worth every cent we paid	
Dec 5 2007 	Great Accommodations and Website	This was a great stay at China mansion Hotel. We were able to book a great package at their website at www.chinamansionhotel.com Some of the packages included the room with dinner and champagne upon arrival. The location was great and the service was excellent.	
Jul 28 2007 	Mansion Hotel - setting new boutique hotel standards in Shanghai!	It should have been listed as the MOST LUXURIOUS boutique hotel in Shanghai! Historic heritage building beautifully restored, as if you've stepped back into old charm of 1930s Shanghai, updated with today's luxury. We stayed in the delux (basic) room - it was enough to WOW us. 60sq m room with 3m high ceiling, gorgeously decorated, equipped with free wi-fi, jacuzzi for 2 people, a spa-shower and toilet with seat-warmers! Notice the thick luxurious carpet in the lobby, walkways and in the room, they were specially tailored made and imported for this hotel. We were told that the beautiful 2meter floor lamps in the lobby and in the room were designed by the owners. Evening drinks on the roof top restaurant gives you a spectacular view of the city. Not to be missed! We enjoyed our stay here very much, once in the room, the windows shut out the noise from the busy street, and you'll forget you're right in the middle of a busy city center! We'll book all my visitors here from now on, and forget about the chain hotels. We made my hotel booking through www.ctrip.com.cn.	
Nov 16 2009 	Un retour dans le temps magique et agreable		
Jun 29 2009 	??????????????		
Sep 23 2008 	hors du temps		
