	excellent hotel	we stayed here 3 nights. we got good room and very good service. Staffs are very helpful the hotel is very clean and best	
Nov 16 2009 	Great Hotel - Good Service	I have stayed at Shanghai hotel for 2 days. I felt very comfortable , the room was clean and quiet and the staffs are very nice. The food was not bad , it's ok .	
Nov 12 2009 	Disappointing	i stayed at the asset hotel in a junior suite for 7 days. the suite is spacious and tastefully decorated though the carpet was a bit grubby. perhaps i expected too much reading all the overwhelmingly positive reviews on tripadvisor, but my bathroom was… uhm… disappointing. it smelled mouldy and there was black mould in the corners of the shower and around the bathtub.okay, the hotel is truly a bargain and the staff is very helpful and friendly, but sorry, the poor breakfast and the cleanliness issue makes it only average for me.	
Nov 5 2009 	Very helpful staff	Good clean hotel, good location, close to metro station, reasonably priced restaurants just outside the hotel, breakfast served is basic but good, very helpful staff, communication in English is not a problem with staff at the reception. Would like to stay there again if I ever go back to Shanghai.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good clean hotel	Arrived from the airport with a taxi and glad I did as this is a tough place to find. Its hidden away in a courtyard behind large apartment blocks. Taxi was £5 and hotel gave the taxi driver directions.This is a real good hotel and check in was quick and easy, staff spoke good English. Close to the metro station making it easy to get around the city.Breakfast is basic and not very good. Ate elsewhere. Hotel booked our train tickets to Beijing and they had them delivered to the hotel reception for us to collect with a minimal charge. Rooms very clean and relaxing. Building work was going on but the noise level wasnt to loud I think they are trying to get ready for the expo 2010.Very hellpful staff and they recommended yuan yuan restaurant around the corner. Good place to eat nice Chinese food menu and staff only to happy to help. Our waitress number 295 was the best, she did everything to make sure we had the food we wanted.Hotel organised a taxi and wrote tanslations into Chinese script.Management did a great job and would be happy to go back again.	
Oct 28 2009 	We like it !	Thanks to the previous comments that made me book this hotel. It is a very nice, little and clean place with friendly and helpful staffs. Nothing elaborated here but we were very much satisfied for the money we paid. We stayed for a week and really enjoyed going around Shanghai by the subway which can be easily reached. Some small chinese restaurants nearby are very good, particularly the fish menu. We cannot speak Chinese, but placing an order was not too difficult. A bit of drawing skill could help smooth the communication with the locals. Also there is a nice bread shop at the corner. The only drawback is that Chinese people are still heavy smokers and smoke seems to be everywhere even in a nice restaurant, not to mention the hotel itself.	
Oct 12 2009 	Nice enough hotel but with some negatives...	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during my recent visit to Shanghai.The hotel is located in a courtyard away from the main street and it can be a real problem to find it. Local shop owners did not appear to be away of its excistence, which meant that it took me over 45 mins to find it. It is fairly close to the metro station and it takes about 20-30 mins to reach the centre. Staff working at the reception were polite and helpful. All the rooms (or so I was told) that were available during my stay we smoking rooms. The first room that I had a terrible stale stench of smoke. When I went back to the reception to ask for another room, I was given another smoking room, but it was less smelly. My room was nice, it was clean, had a nice telly and a safe. The view from it was not as nice, as it overlooked what I can only describe as a rubbish tip where people were sorting out through rubbish to get plastic bottles and other recyclable material.Another annoying thing was that on the 3rd night someone was clearing rubble and it continued until 1am! When I mentioned it to the reception staff when checking out the following day, they did not seem to be phased by what I was saying at all!I stayed on the third floor and it looked like the hotel was experiencing some leaks in the corridors and there were towels laid out on the florr to soak up the water. Some corridor walls were also badly water stained.I have to agree with other people who have commented on the hotel's breakfast, that it was terrible. I only had it once and decided to skip it all together. There are plenty of cheap eating places outside, so it wasn't much of a deal.There are a couple of computers with internet connection which can be used free of charge by guests.I would recommend this place to a friend, because of the value for money. This place is not a luxurious option, but a mid-range sleeping option and if you are not planning on spending a lot of time using its facilities, you will be just fine.	
Sep 29 2009 	A very nice good located and clean hotel. A great value.	Stayed for 5 nights.A very nice, good located and clean hotel. A great value.Just 5 minutes walk to the subway and nearby small mall where you can find several restaurants and a good bakery. 10 minutes walk to the centre of the busy Xuhui District where a lot of department stores and restaurants are.The room has a little fridge and a safe. In the entrance is a little room with 2 computers for free use.The whole staff was very friendly and attentive; receptionist speaks English and is helpful.Because of roof works on our floor we had to move to another room. The lady manager was very friendly and felt really sorry for it. But we were rewarded by a junior suite:-)	
Sep 28 2009 	Great hotel...	I enjoyed staying at the Asset Hotel in SEP 09. The location is a bit out of the main part of the city, but you are near a subway stop, Dong An Road, Line 4 (not Stadium stop). If I remember, correctly, when you come out of the turnstiles, go right and then exit up the steps on the left (exit 2??), then walk straight until the next major intersection, Wangping Lu. Cross the street to the big bank on your right, then cross Wangping. The hotel driveway entrance is right near that corner on Wangping down the alley. http://www.smartshanghai.com/maps/smsh_map.phpI thought the front desk staff was extremely helpful with writing directions in Chinese. The front desk staff spoke English, however certain employees spoke much better. They would research on line the exact address I wanted. They provide an English/Chinese map.The rooms were basic, however enough for a stay. My room was the second to smallest, which worked fine for a single traveler. Free wired internet with your own computer, in room and 2 free computers in the lobby. Basic cable with a few English channels, mini fridge, safe and self controlled A/C. No hairdryer, that I saw, or iron. I did not do laundry. I thought the bed was a tad hard, but better than the other places I stayed. The breakfast was a combo of Asian/Western. Yes, repetitive, but included in the room price. On the western side, scrambled eggs, bread/pastry, cereal, fruit, and coffee/tea. You will have to taken public transportation or taxis when at this hotel, but I feel for the price, it's worth it. If you want a great massage for cheap (88 RMB) try Butterfly Massage north of the hotel. It has the Aveda feel when you enter.	
Sep 18 2009 	Good place to stay for business	If you are looking for a luxury 5 star hotel in the middle of Shanghai, don't go here. But for someone comfortable with Shanghai and looking for a decent but inexpensive place, this is a great find. I stayed there this week for a night. Check in was great, room was ok, free internet, free breakfast, lots of good small local restaurants and stores. But it is not near People's Square, which is fine for me. For the price, you can afford a bunch of taxi rides and still come out cheaper than other similar places in Shanghai. Even the breakfast had coffee and eggs which is unusual for a Chinese hotel.	
Sep 17 2009 	GOOD VALUE IN SHANGHAI	We stayed here for three nights. The hotel had clean, well appointed rooms, and surprisingly comfortable beds - for a Chinese hotel! They were the best that we slept on in two weeks in China. The front desk staff were very helpful, and most spoke good English. They have a decent enough breakfast ( included in our rate of 288 yuan/night), and there are plenty of restaurants just around the corner for an evening meal. The location was quiet, but a bit out of the way, but you could get anywhere in Shanghai with two subway stations within a 10 minute walk, and plenty of taxis available.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good value for money	We stayed for seven nights in a junior suite which was just as it looks on the photos. The hotel was within an easy five minute walk to the Shanghai Stadium Railway station and only cost 8 yuan for two of us to get into Nanjing Street (less then $1.50). While the staff spoke limited English, they were friendly and helpful. There were free computers you could use downstairs although they were very slow. Breakfast was not great but adequate. Scrambled eggs, toast, cereal and fruit and a heap of asian style dishes. Scrambled eggs were nearly always cold, but you could gesture the lady to heat up in microwave. They do not cook eggs to your request. Room was well equipped although no iron however getting stuff laundered was dirt cheap. It cost less then $10 to have three shorts and a pair of capri pants drycleaned. There was a library where previous guests have left reading material which you could use. One day the hotel had a problem with the water pipes and the water was brown when you first turned the shower on. The hotel refunded us 100 yuan for the inconvenience.	
Aug 24 2009 	A pleasure to stay at!	I have stayed at the Asset hotel for one week now, and will be staying another week more. I have been more than satisfied with the hotel and it's services. I'm staying at a business-double and can easily feel that this is a &quot;home-away-from-home&quot;! The location is not the Puxi, but I feel that the Xuhui is a very pleasant neighbourhood. Remember, that the shortest way to the subway is to turn RIGHT at the front door. This took me a while to figure it out...;).I've been to five-star hotels too, and this is not one of those. But for a 3+ this is very nice. There is a fixed internet-line in the room, which has worked well, you get your daily waterbottles, toothbrushes, combs, nursing kit (nail-file and schwabs), slippers etc. The view from the window is not great, but there's a roof-terrace with a garden surrounded by high apartment-buildings.	
Aug 8 2009 	Not really what Trip Advisor had led me to expect	Firstly we arrived at 9am, Check in was to be at 2. It was raining heavily and we were soaked having walked from the subway. I explained how we'd just traveled from Beijing and the kids were tired, if our room was available could we check in? Now i dont fall for the Chinese Hotel Scam, which basically is they charge 2 rates for a room. The first rate is the basic rate, i.e if its a double room and you tunr up alone you pay the room rate - Even though there is just one of you. Which is fair enough. Well the second rate is per person, so if 3 of you are staying in a double room suddenly you get charge the double room rate plus 50%Now i am traveling with a 4 year old and a 7 year old. I only ever put down my 7 year old. The hotel were telling me there wouldn't be enough room, i explained my 4 year old would sleep with me or her brother in the same bed and he gave it the proper hard sell trying to upgrade me to a business suite. I was having none of it and he let us check in at 9am. That is worth a mention because that genuinely is a great thing. Expecting to be in a Junior suite i was stunned when we arrived at our 'suite' It was a tiny room with one double bed in it. Not wanting to push my luck we settled in and it was three in a bed. The room looked like a modern affair set in an aged room. The walls were mouldy and the TV from the 1800's. But the hotel do provide a DVD player and let you borrow DVD's at no charge.Breakfast was ridiculous.The location is really for me what sells this hotel. Its out of the way but within easy reach to the Subway. It is surrounded by shops, banks, restaurants etc... And is actually in what i felt was an ideal location to get away from the hustle and bustle of Shanghai. But, despite all the negativity i felt the rooms had the price is really what convinced me to stay in the first place and what would convince me to stay again. Just dont expect a great hotel and you'll not be disappointed when you get an average, cheap hotel a few years past its sell by date.	
Aug 2 2009 	hidden little gem of a hotel at a bargin price	I've been in China for five years and know well the horrors of a local hotel when seen from the Expat perspective and if you're looking for five star glamour, dont go to Asset hotel. If you are looking for clean rooms and incredibly friendly staff, then this is the best value for money in Shanghai.Often, Staff will be aloof when the level of english is low and to be honest, it IS low among some of the lower level staff, however this does not deter them in the least. they smile ALL the time, they are polite and friendly and outgoing and this is like a marked breath of fresh air.And Speaking of Air,, the Air cons work like champs, a must in Shanghais brutal summer, there's a limited selection of English TV and it IS very limited so if you're planning to hole up in your room, you might want to bring along some DVDs to go in the complimentary DVD player.the Business room was the one I selected and they each have a small fridge and coffee station, and there are convenience stores within 50 meters of the location. It is NOT on a metro line, but the friendly front desk staff will get you a taxi in record time and explain to your driver where you're headed. and it's minutes from the Xujiahui shopping area if you need a taste of expensive shopping.It is not the best of views, and the primary building is tucked back on a side street, however I noticed little to no traffic noise with the windows closed.Breakfast selection is small but adequate and there's an effort to cater to both the Locals and the tourists, with a selection of eggs and toasts and crossiants. Additionally, probably the best cup of coffee I've had in Shanghai and a friendly staff who grin at your efforts to say the names of things and offer pronunciation tips it's really a nice experience.Beds are, as other posters mentioned right in the middle of the chinese &quot;so hard you can't sleep&quot; and too soft for comfort, they have placed an egg crate on each bed to soften the experience and I'm quite sure if one is not good enough for you they'll bring another..there's a distinctive European influence in the furnishings and while you might see the occassional bit of water stain in a hallway, the building is in remarkable good repair with carpeted rooms and super fast internet too.In short, i found this place to be excellent value for money, so much so, that I've asked for a monthly rate for my return while I hunt for a flat. I'd recommend it highly for an expat on a budget.	
Jul 25 2009 	A great hotel for the budget-conscious traveler	The Asset Hotel is almost perfect for the budget traveler. Price, location and quality are outstanding in its price range. The staff is extremely helpful and courteous, and their English skills are adequate. They really seem to care about making sure you have a good stay. The standard rooms are fairly small, but clean and comfortable. I reserved a business room online for about $45 a night. The junior suites are much roomier, but cost at least $10 more. Each room comes with a fairly hard mattress (typical for China I understand), a small desk, a small flat-screen TV that picks up mostly Chinese, but a couple English-language Asian news channels such as NHK from Japan. Internet is provided in each room via Ethernet cable. Speeds are slow but adequate. There is a tiny business center near the lobby with two Internet terminals.Location is excellent -- about a 7 minute walk to the Dong'an subway station. The Shanghai Metro is excellent and can get you just about anywhere you need to go in the city for 40-60 yuan. The neighborhood around the hotel has a few small 7-11 type convenience stores for drinks and snacks, a few coffee shops, and small restaurants -- but be aware, only a few have English menus. Breakfast is included -- a small buffet with a mixture of Chinese and Western hot and cold selections. Quality and selection are decent and enough to get you started for the day.It's not the Four Seasons, but for its price, it's a fantastic bargain.	
Jul 2 2009 	Good for the price	I travel to Shanghai frequently and I'm searching for that elusive decent, cheap in a reasonable location with SOFT beds hotel. Well, Asset did well on most of these - RMB260 a night including a decent breakfast? GREAT value. Location? Fine. Bed? A BIT softer than some but still very &quot;Chinese&quot; in feel. Summary? Good value if you can take a hard sleep.	
Jun 19 2009 	A very nice clean and comfortable hotel!	Based on reviews of Shanghai hotels and the budget we had, we decided to book a big room at the Asset 3* Hotel rather than a standard room at a 4* or 5* Hotel. We booked a non-smoking Junior Suite and were extremely happy with it! It was spacious and well decorated and basically looks exactly like the photos on their website. Our friends also booked a Junior Suite and their room was just as nice. The staff were very friendly but did not speak amazing English. The breakfast is also reasonable. A basic selection of Chinese and Western foods.The location is great - 5-10min walk to the subway which can get you anywhere in Shanghai. There are some cool spots around the hotel like the 24hr bakery across the street.	
May 17 2009 	great value location is either a plus or minus depending on your travel style	Stayed here for 5 nights. Check-in was swift, with English-speaking manager providing us with useful tourist maps and info, without us needing to ask, which was a nice gesture. Room was a decent size, not overly large but not tiny either, well appointed with chair, desk, ample space for luggage and TV with ample English, Chinese and Japanese language cable channels. No room service but the hotel provides a &quot;sherpa's&quot; guide to shanghai restaurants that deliver, ranging from Shanghainese to Indian to Western; as we were tired and travel weary we took advantage of this.Breakfast was simple but adequate. In-room internet complimentary and fast.Now for the negatve points-- location is both good and bad. I loved the natural residential neighbourhood, as it felt more 'real' than anywhere else in sterile Shanghai, though taking the subway to tourist attractions can be tiring. Before you stay here, ask yourself if you really have to be in the thick of the attractions; if so, maybe choose another hotel. For most attractions, a transfer to a different subway line is necessary-- that particular line runs infrequently and we often had to wait 10 - 15mins for the next train. While more expensive than the bargain subway, taxis are quite cheap and fast. The other negative is the shower-- I saw the beginnings of a mould problem that perhaps show a lacklustre cleaning effort. It wouldn't take much energy to scrub it away before it starts to lower the tone of the room. Lastly, I would aim for a room at the back of the hotel. There is a kind of atrium at the front, and if your room is at the front, like ours was, you can hear all the lobby conversations, which was a little annoying.Overall, for what we paid, a good deal.	
May 3 2009 	jog thru China	Nice budget hotel; nice clean, well maintained room. Not in thick of things, but in a nice residential neighborhood with plenty of amenities and close to the subway with easy access to to the rest of the city.	
Apr 20 2009 	Good Deal showers not super clean location not central	Great deal paid about 40 $ a night.Internet is fast, its a 30 yuan taxi ride to the Bund, but metro is quick and cheap.Showers were a little dirty, but otherwise place seemed in tip top shape. I would have asked for another room but we arrived at 1am and needed to crash.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great Value for Money	We booked this hotel based on Trip advisor reviews. The hotel is well located although taxis did have a little bit of trouble looking for it. However, our drivers knew the name of the road and where the road is. The hotel itself is hidden in a courtyard. Upon arrival, staff were helpful with the baggage, check in was quick and we were soon in our room.The business queen room, while not the smallest room I've seen certainly wasn’t roomy either. However, it was very comfy and nice, well maintained and clean. For the price, we were most satisfied. The free internet worked fine and was quite fast too. The bathroom had a supply of thick towels, toiletries and toothbrushes, as well as an array of other amenities. In room slippers were also provided, as was a safe which was easy for us to store our belongings.We also enjoyed walking around the neighborhood where the hotel is located. We found the metro station nearby, but we didn’t use it and used taxis mostly. There is a convenience store nearby beside Guci café which is a stone’s throw from the hotel. Hotel mini bar prices were also surprisingly affordable.The buffet breakfast is also good. They have a small and pleasant dining room which has a supply of bread, bao, eggs, porridge, meatballs, etc…certainly a good start which kept us going! Of course, it isn’t a five star breakfast but it was good , tasty, and also constantly replenished.All in all, for the price, it certainly was a satisfying stay, and would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 15 2008 	Great budget hotel	Asset hotel is one of the best budget hotels my girlfriend and I have ever stayed in. They were easy to contact via email, the hotel itself is a great value for money, and it's near enough to two train stations that it's very easy to get around shanghai. Convenience stores and some restaurants are located nearby in case you want to step out for a quick snack, and overall their staff were very polite (a rarity in the chinese service industry, as far as our experiences have shown).The room was large enough and tastefully decorated. The bathroom worked excellently and was restocked everyday. The breakfast buffet was satisfactory, if a little same-y (not much variety over the 3 days we were there), mostly scrambled eggs, vegetables, meatballs, congee and dimsum, with cereal and bread for western diners.However there was one issue we had that keeps me from giving it 5 stars. We requested a hotel pickup , which cost 250 RMB. Upon arriving in Shanghai's pudong airport at roughly 12am, we could not find a sign with my name on it. We walked around for 15 minutes before eventually calling the hotel and asking if the pickup had arrived. Unfortunately the girl on the line didn't speak english very well, and she told us to &quot;just take a taxi to the hotel&quot;, which we did. 3 days later, on the day of our departure, Mr. Reynold the hotel manager approached us and informed us that the pickup was there until 1 and since the hotel had already paid for the service, he asked (in a very polite manner, I must add) if we would be willing to pay half of the original charge (125 RMB) to over the cost.I felt that this was quite unfair to us as we had walked the length of the airport already at 12am and were told by his own staff that we should take a taxi there. He explained that his night staff weren't very good with english, and while I understood his side of the story ultimately I felt that the hotel should take the hit for the misunderstanding. Eventually I offered to use the advance deposit we made upon check-in to the hotel (worth 100RMB) as recompense, and mr. Reynold, while he didn't look too happy about it, agreed.I think that Pudong airport's procedures with regards to waiting for arrivals were the main cause of this problem, as upon our departure we saw a sign that said &quot;meeting area&quot;. Perhaps the taxi was there, and yet when you exit the bagage claim area there are already numerous people with signs of hotels and guest names, so it can be very confusing.I would highly recommend staying at the Asset Hotel if you visit Shanghai, but it would probably be best to take a taxt (or an airport car as we did) to get to the hotel. We paid 200RMB for the airport car, which was lower than what asset hotel had to offer, though I think if you bargain enough you can get it even lower.	
Sep 21 2008 	Good service attitude	Instead of our usual choice of international hotel chain in Shanghai, my friend and I decided to save some good money for our shopping this time round. We spent a total of five nights in Asset Hotel in Sep 2008, and were happy with our decision. We chose to stay at Asset Hotel after having seen the hotel management's response to a bad review on tripadvisor.com. We took it as an indication that the hotel takes a serious view about their business and indeed, it turned out to be quite true. Shanghai city maps, metro maps and tourist information were made readily available near the hotel's entrance. This had not been the case for some of the five star hotels which we had previously stayed in Shanghai - we have to ask for them. The counter staff also attended to our queries patiently and took efforts to find out for us if they did not have the answer at hand. The good service attitude have compensated for the lesser aspect of the hotel - the location, breakfast and some of the room fittings, which are not very big problems that can be overcomed quite easily.Taxi drivers generally do not know Asset Hotel. Some of them took a long time to locate the property even when we furnished them with the exact address: 590 Wanping Road South. Hence, it is important to further tell the taxi drivers that the hotel is located near, or more specifically, diagonally opposite Longhua Hospital. However, if one does not mind taking the crowded subway and doing with a 7 to 10 min walk, one can alight at Dongan Lu station (Line 4), get out of the station at exit no. 2 or 3, walk straight until one reaches a cross junction (where a &quot;Guci Cafe&quot; is visibly situated), the hotel is only a stone throw from there. We also found the hotel breakfast to be rather inadequate, in terms of both quality and quantity. The staff had appeared rather hessitant, or unsure of whether to replenish the food when they ran out (usually by 9am). Hence, we spent most of the days taking our breakfast outside as good food are very affordable and easily available in Shanghai. We stayed in a junior suite on the second floor and found the room to be on the whole very clean, though we observed that paint on some parts of the wall are peeling off. We have also observed that hooks for hanging clothes are not available in the bathroom and it was a hassle to take hangers into the bathroom. Given that the entire bathroom was tiled in white ceremics, brown stains in between the tiles were also quite visible.Nonetheless, on the whole it has been a pleasant stay. The free internet access is a big plus point. It has allowed us to do some last minute planning and facilitate our change of travel plans. We did not encounter any slowness or difficulties when accessing the net.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great Hotel Friendly Staff	I stayed at the Asset Hotel for 19 nights last month, and I can recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good hotel at a good price. The staff from door keepers/security over front desk personnel to room maids and breakfast service is very friendly , helpful and establish a good atmosphere, so that you soon feel at home. My room (superior single) was clean, air conditioning, LCD-TV , refrigerator all working well. The breakfast buffet offers a vast variety of Asian and Western style food: scrambled egg, spinach, sweet and meat-stuffed dumplings (baozi, jiaozi, mantou), fried noodles, croissants, toast, jam, peanut butter, rice/ soup, corn flakes, melon/apples, milk orange juice, tea, coffee, water etc.., all very tasty and hygienically presented by the staff who wear masks.Two subway stations (Line 4) are located within a 7 minutes walk from the hotel, Dong An and Shanghai Stadium, also supermarket, local convenience stores and restaurants are nearby.As mentioned in an earlier review, there are problems with the speed of the internet connection, but since my friends told me this is rather common in all Shanghai, I can't blame it to the hotel.To sum it up, good value for your money!	
May 30 2008 	Asset Hotel gets better	This is my second review of the Asset Hotel. The first was after a stay last October when I unexpectedly checked out early from another hotel because of very poor customer service. Now, after many others have “discovered” and reviewed the Asset, I returned for two separate stays of two nights and six nights in May to see what has changed.In January I had the two-room executive suite, not as preferable as the Junior Suite. The room is not as sunny and the bath is considerably smaller. The furnishings for each are about the same. If you really want a separate sleeping room and two TVs, then go for the executive suite. Otherwise, I think you will enjoy the junior suite more.The rooms all are being refurbished and I stayed in a newly redecorated junior suite at a rate of around US$75 for promotional low-season. I have attached a new picture of this room. The brown toned décor is restful and classy. There are sheer Roman blinds along with room darkening drapes. New brown carpet is on the floor, and the rooms on the west side are very sunny most days. You get what you pay for at the Asset. If you pick the lowest promotional rate room, you get a small room, paying around US$30 or so for western-style accommodations in Shanghai. (I passed by and peeked into several types of rooms during remodeling.) The rate you are quoted is the final rate, with nothing added at checkout. Everyone gets the free limited breakfast and China Daily newspaper at the front desk. The hotel enjoys its high ratings based on its commitment to customer service. All the front desk personnel, as well as housekeeping, are so cooperative and willing to help. They smile all the time, and seem genuinely happy in their jobs. Although most do not have a conversational use of English, they try hard and get help so they understand your needs. There is always one person on duty with knowledge of English. On the negative, the free in-room wired internet was terribly slow this time, equivalent to dial-up speeds. The TV cable has CNN back on as well as ESPN, Star movies and National Geographic. Perhaps the biggest drawback has been the location in the XuHui district, near the Xujiahui shopping area, and that now has a nice resolution. The missing link to the Inner Circle (Line 4) and Line 8 of the Subway are now open, so within five-seven minutes you can enter the subway station (Shanghai Stadium) and get to most tourist areas in the city, including Pudong and the Longyang Station (Line 2) for connection to the airport Maglev. The standard fare of about 4 yuan (US 60 cents) gets you everywhere downtown quickly with very clean and bright stations and cars. I took the completely bilingual subway a lot this time because of the new convenience and Shanghai's traffic gridlock from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Subway to East Nanjing Road was quicker by five minutes and cheaper than a taxi. See subway map at [--]. Even in heavy daytime rains, the hotel was able to summon a taxi for me in several minutes.As prices rise all over Shanghai, and the American dollar continues to slide versus the RMB (yuan), this value-oriented hotel continues to provide great rooms with friendly helpful people.	
May 23 2008 	China	I stayed at the junior suite by taking up a recommendation from one of the suggestions I've read. At first I was sketchy about the quality of the hotel so I placed a reservation for only a night through the hotel website for less than UDS 80.  The quality of the hotel exceeded way over my expectations, the room and area was quiet, and I felt like I really got the relaxation I've been wanting. Instead of staying for a night, I changed my mind and stayed the rest of my trip. The hotel even offered free transportation to the airport for me because of my extended stay in the suite and that really made me enjoy my stay even more. I felt like the hotel treated me very kindly and the staff couldn't have been friendlier and helpful about my questions.Some things that could improve was that the hotel didn't provide any foreign exchange, so that was not convinient because I had to go to the bank. Also, it was not as near to some tourist spots therefore I had to go by taxi but luckily the taxi fare was cheap, but there were lots of great shopping spots and restaurants near so that was good! I enjoyed my stay very much!	
May 14 2008 	Helpful Staff	My friend in Shanghai booked the hotel for me. I'd say the hotel exceeded my expectations in its rate-range. To me it's a good bang for the buck.Besides my nice clean room, it's the staff that impressed me most. they satisfied my requests quickly. That's the main reason I'm writing this review, with the breakfast (yes, hot food and complimentary!) and the free shuttle bus being the bonuses.With so many hotels to choose from, I'd say I'll stay with Asset again the next time I'm in Shanghai.	
Apr 13 2008	Nasty and cheap	After reading reviews about this hotel, I thought it would be a nice place to stay, but I got disappointed.Arriving at the hotel, the first impression was real good. On the outside it looked real nice and even the entrance was quite impressing. After a quite speedy check-in, we were brought to the room and from there on I'd rather forget what I saw.The room was Small, capital S. The window couldn't open, the curtains were dusty, the sheets on the bed felt like they were put on there still wet, the size of the bathroom was kinda okay, but the shower was real dirty. There were some kind of brown stains in the corner; it just looked like it hadn't been properly cleaned for months! Next to that, we had a room which was on the end of the hallway, which was, I thought in the beginning, kinda nice. But after spending just a couple minutes in the room, I changed my mind. Right outside our room was a staircase for emergencies. Since they were painting the building and all people were running up and down that metal stairs all the time. What a noise! And besides that noise, there was all sort a noise coming from outside, even though it's not located right next to a road. And by the way, the breakfast is horrible. There was not much to choose from and the orange juice is just aweful.Luckily we stayed there for just one night!!	
Apr 12 2008 	Overrated but okay.	Perhaps some of the earlier reviews have been coated with a bit too much sugar. Asset doesn't have much going for it, but also, doesn't have much going against it. its a small hotel on wanping road, in the southern part of the city, far away from the downtown area of shanghai. Hence, we're talking of 30 to 45 minutes commuting everyday, up and down. this isn't too bad a deal if you're a tourist willing to take the metro or the bus, as thats the best way to see the city, but hey, this point doesn't directly be awarded to the hotel, its just one of those ancillary things. Anyway, the breakfast is bleak, but at least its there, unlike a lot of other places in china. the staff is helpful, although they sometimes don't understand what you're saying, and still say yes, later to screw up. To summarise, asset is an average hotel situated far from the main attractions of the city. Choose this hotel if you're on a tight budget, otherwise look for something else which may cost a little more, but is closer to where the action is.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great hotel for the price	We booked the hotel through our travel agent about 2 weeks before our trip. We were throughly happy with our stay. The hotel was clean, safe, and quiet. The hotel is located on this one way street, although very easy accessible from the other streets surrounds it. The hotel is done similarly to the Travel Lodge in the US. The room has a fridge and a safe deposit box inside, and all the little things that comes with regular rooms. The hotel also has complimentary breakfast that has coffee, milk, orange juice, fruit, eggs, various Chinese style foods, toasts, and fruits. The hotel also has 2 computers for guests to use. The hotel is within 10 minute walking distance to various popular locations and underground stations.	
Feb 5 2008 	Good place to stay in Shanghai	I spent last weekend in Shanghai and found the Asset Hotel on the booking.com website. For a traveller exploring the City by Metro and walking it is a good choise. Just 5 minutes walk to Shanghai Stadium (circle line), approx 30 minutes to the Bund by Metro . Heng Shan Lu with its bars and restaurants is also not far away.The staff was very friendly and at least at the front desk English speaking. The rooms are not very modern equipped, but cozy and clean. And also a simple western style breakfast was available. All in all I was satisfied and can recommend this hotel for budget travellers. I paid only 208 RMB (approx 20 EUR) per night, that is a very good rate in Shanghai and valid up to the End of February 2008.	
Feb 4 2008	A Hidden Gem	Before I arrived I was worried about a sub-$100 [USD] hotel in Shanghai. Having to cut through a parking lot and up between some tall buildings to find the entrance did not ease my worries either... but.. This hotel is really a gem. By Western standards, I would say it's a 3 star hotel. Not many amenities, the rooms are a bit plain, some rooms are small. I chose to upgrade [why not, the price was right] and found myself in a 2-room suite with a large living room and bedroom. Rooms are very plain [now I'm repeating myself, so, it must be true]. I commented to the hotel manager as I was leaving and she said they were working with a consulting company on updating the colors and furniture.. Honestly, this would be a awesome place to turn into an art-deco-style hotel... Lots of potential.. I'm looking forward to seeing what they turn it into..On the plus side, the hotel staff is excellent... Very excellent. Warm and friendly. Rooms were very clean. Beds were comfortable [not hard!]. The internet connection was speedy [not always the case in China hotels] and there were some good places to eat [local food] nearby. Check out the location carefully before booking. If your business in Shanghai is on this side of town, this hotel is highly recommended. If you'll be heading to do tourist stuff on the Bund, this is not a good location as the direct subway line around the south side of the city (between here [Dong An Lu station] and the Bund) is not yet completed. You'll need to go way around through the city center if you're riding the trains.Shanghai is one of my favorite cities in the world and this hotel is a very nice bargain if you find it to be in a convenient location. If you want a more central location, check out &quot;The Bund Hotel&quot; for another great bargain.	
Feb 3 2008 	Cozy Hotel	Sitting in the hotel now, and I have to say its very comfortable. The rooms are small so if thats not your bag dont come but if you can deal with it everything else is top noch including the service which is priceless and anyone who's been to China knows good service is priceless. (hard to come by sometimes). Its geared towards foreigners with a directory in English and Mandarin. Because the room is small its quick to heat up or cool down. Comes with a mini fridge, even an electronic lock box. The shower is nice but no bath tub. They serve breakfast in the morning which is nice if your trying to save money.The hotel is hidden between buildings but very close to the street, you wont hear loud honking cars going by.	
Jan 14 2008 	Value for money	If you want to have a cheap, clean hotel then I would recommend this one. Yes it is 3 star, but for 200RMB it is great value- clean, healthy breakfast and a good place to stay for a few days. We ended up using the metro to do some sightseeing- about a 10 minute walk and of course the metro is easy to use. Only problem might be for your taxi driver to find the hotel- as others have said. Although I printed out the address and instructions from sinohostel ( the booking agent I used) I also printed out instructions from other web sites- eg shanghaihotels- which the taxi driver ended up using. A good base for sightseeing.	
Nov 18 2007 	Quite the hotel!	Despite its location (10km+ to the Bund), this hotel is quite unique. It's hidden from the busy streets nearby and quite frankly it's a good thing seeing the amount of construction projects being realized in the area. Location = ok.... however - you have to subway it or cab it to get to Shanghai's main attractions (i.e. The Bund or Pudong ect.) - minor detail when you consider how inexpensive taxis are in Shanghai. Staff = exceeded expectations - it was nice to see such a dedicated staff! Breakfast = ok - quite pleased that it was included in my room rate (33$/night - check out www.asiatravel.com). Overall = Great value!	
Oct 19 2007 	Boutique hotel!!	I've just arrived form Shanghai, and I found two new reviwes on Asset Hotel. I have to say that they perfectly describe this little pear (and better than me, since english is not my mother language).Also, I was a little worried about the first two reviews because they were too good to be both true (I'm sorry not to have trusted you, mates!!) What could I add? Warm welcome, good English at the reception (even if I faced a problem in a late morning asking a place for golf shopping), clean and fresh rooms, very good prices (27 euro/night Superior single room B/B, 30 euro/night twin room B/B).. The management was very helpfully during our stay, set up our Airport transfer at a very reasonable price; opening their &quot;meeting&quot; room when they saw three of us sitting in the sofa near the entrance deciding where to go for dinner; smiling every time he saw us in our 7days stay..I have been given a double room at ground floor: not so dark, with fences at the windows, twin beds, two complimentary water bottles every day.. bathroom full of towels and complimentary items, cleaned every day..Free cabled internet in room, perfectly working (ok, not so fast, but I found many slower in China!!). Two computers connected to internet are available for free just in front of the main entrance.No CCN on my Tv (no LCD), but my collegues told me they had it in their rooms!!).Now, I have to report something not perfect, or somebody will not believe to our reviews!!Let's start:Breakfast: very poor - I've been in a 3star hotel in Shanghai last year paying the same money but Breakfast was a lot more better. Many Chinese breakfast food, and just very few for what &quot;we&quot; European are used to have.. small brioches (plastic taste), white breaded toast with just one jam.. A very good orange juice (even if not fresh) was something it worth to wake up in the morning.Location: mhhhh - if you know Shanghai, it is located in the &quot;south/west&quot; part of the city, just 1 km from inner Ring road Wanping exit. Subway is just 5 minutes walking, and you have to change the line to go to Nanjing Road/The Bund. The purple line is new, but the line is not finished yet: even in pick hours, trains can be waited for more than 10 minutes, so the trip to the Bund can takes about 30/40 minutes at least. When the line will be finished (maybe next week, thinking about Chinese construction timing) I think it will take just 20 minutes to go there. So, you are not in the heart of the city, even if you are not far away from it. But, in peak hours, it can take also 1 hour to reach the main touristic attraction (Yu Gardens, Bund, etc). If you are going to visit the Exhibition, it can take more than 1 hours (Subway takes 60 minutes and a 15 minute walking). So, other hotels can be more suggested for their location.. remind these times while organizing your travels. Also, consider that from/to the airport the taxi takes about 90 minutes in peak hours!Noise: very high in the early morning - we have been waken up at 7.00 every morning by a truck loading trashes.. and they were starting demolishing a cover garage under the windows of the frontal right wing - starting their work at 7.30 hammering the surface. Well, probably we were just unlucky.. What else can I add? Everything has been wrote on this small but beautiful hotel.. I suggest you to consider to stay there, very good quality/price ratio, with some small problems which can be forgotten easily just thinking to all the nice advantages you'll face sleeping there. Hoping, of course, that popularity will not make price raise and quality follow (as sometimes happens).	
Oct 3 2007 	Great Value Functional Rooms in Shanghai	If you're looking for cheap, I averaged USD $33 per night, clean, functional rooms in Shanghai, look no further. The hotel is located down a driveway near the corner of LingLing Lu and WanPing Nan Lu in the heart of Xuhui District. You're within walking distance to the Shanghai Stadium. (A Special Olympics family was staying there during my stay.) And the No. 4 line of the subway system. Short taxi rides to Grand Gateway, and a bit longer ride to Nanjing and Huaihai Lu areas.I believe I got a &quot;superior&quot; room. The queen-sized bed was comfortable for me, but I like a bit of a harder surface. (Most all beds in SH are quite hard for US standards.) The bathroom was large, with a glass enclosed shower only (no bathtub). A small refrigerator as well as in-closet safe were included. A great feature was the air conditioner, it cooled down the room very quickly. A small, 18-in flat screen TV was hoisted in a corner. A small desk was good enough to plug-in the provided LAN cable, and Internet access was free and speedy.One negative: the room walls are thin... I could hear the next room couple talking, as well as him snoring late in the evening.I've got one more session in 3 weeks, and have already booked my next stay. If you want a place to store your things, sleep overnight, and be out/about during the days and evenings for really cheap... book the Asset. Oh, the hotel has quirky stairs and ramps along each corridor. The elevator is in the middle of these &quot;sloping&quot; hallways. Quite a bit of stairs to navigate unless you're next to the elevator bay.I didn't try their morning bkfst, but lots of options nearby.	
Sep 3 2007 	Helpful staff Amazing breakfast	This hotel is amazing. The free Western and Chinese breakfast was awesome - cereal, dumplings, coffee, eggs etc. The hotel staff spoke English and were very helpful and friendly. The hotel is about 2 blocks away from the subway. The hotel was very clean. It was great!	
Aug 2 2007 	The Gem of Shanghai	Outstanding hotel, with 5-star-plus service! Over the years, on business and pleasure trips, I have stayed at several hundred hotels, but this one ranks in the top three. Super excellent, always prompt service, exceedingly clean rooms, halls, reception area. Staff very, very helpful, even with several urgent and &quot;crazy&quot; requests I had! English spoken here is very good, some speak as well as native speakers. Hotel located in Xuhui, a very nice part of Shaghai, near several busy streets, but is set off the street a little, and, as a result, was very, very quiet. Seemingly everything (shopping, Shanghai Museum, even a number of consulates, etc.) are only a short, inexpensive taxi ride away, and definately not a problem. If you notify them in advance, they will pick you up at the airport. My top cudos, and my future &quot;home&quot; in Shanghai. --vn	
Nov 1 2009 	Hotel agradable en Shanghai		
Sep 18 2009 	buon rapporto qualità prezzo ma un po' fuori mano...		
Sep 11 2009 	???????		
Aug 12 2009 	Je m'attendais à mieux...		
Jul 26 2009 	Hotel para jóvenes		
Jun 16 2009 	muy buena relacion calidad precio		
Feb 5 2009 	?????????????????		
Jan 4 2009 	????????????????????		
Oct 26 2008 	Buona scelta		
Sep 11 2008 	????????????		
Mar 28 2008 	Sehr gute Preis - Leistungangebot!		
