Nov 24 2009 	Oriental Riverside Hotel in Shanghai	Well.... it is 5 star so pretty damn good!!! However, it is in a disappointing area - unless you like cement and glitzy high rises. On our last day the entire ball room (that was fun - 24 hours and a big band played each night) and lobby were under scaffolding - so renovations are on right now, I guess. I must say that the highlight is the POOL!!!! Inside a glass dome overlooking the river - spectacular. By Chinese standards, it is $$$, but it is 5 star.........	
Nov 5 2009 	Could do with a rennovation but good value nonetheless.	Stayed while attending a conference in the adjoining convention centre. The hotel was in an excellent location, being in very close proximity to public transport, shops, restaurants etc. Staff were all very polite and helpful, although not all spoke fluent English. I can accept this. After all it isn't an English speaking country!The service was very good and the food was also of a very high standard.Our only major disappointment was that the room looked like it could do with a makeover. i.e. new carpet, a new coat of paint. Similar could be said for the corridors outside the room. Nonetheless it was a very clean room and we couldn't fault it otherwise.The gym also needs a serious upgrade with all the exercise equipment out of order!The pool was a highlight, being on the top of the hotel, with surrounding views of Shanghai.We were also given a discount, before arrival for no apparent reason. Certainly no complaints about that, and only added to the positive experience.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great room great facilities good location and nice view	We had an early check-in and we had to pay. But that was no problem, the room was really good and luxurious. We had a great view on the Oriental pearl, Jin Mao tower and SWFC tower. The Bund Sightseeing Tunnel is just a few steps away from the hotel and the fastest way to get to the Bund. The subway is ofcourse cheaper. But that takes a 5-7 minute walk. Make sure you visit the Super Brand Mall!Because of the jetlag we missed breakfast and we had dinner in the city.	
Aug 25 2009 	Dysfunctional hotel with lots of service issues	Bad experience on the first day itself. Staff couldn't find my reservation and had to hassle with them for close to an hour just so I can get a room which then was only available for 2 of 3 nights I needed it. If not for my father-in-law knowing a higher-up, I'd have had to move out a day early. Adding insult to injury, room I got was a smoking room.Then on day 3, came back to room one afternoon and key wouldn't work. Came down and got new key. Went up and it didn't work either. Went down again to get new key and had to tell a staff to follow me up and try it for themselves and he did and it didn't work either. Went down again (3rd time now), asst mgr came down, wanted me to come up, I said forget it - they go up and fix and I'll go up only when they did it. Waited 10 min, was told to go up and problem was fixed.Went up and while I was there, a group of 4 staff were waiting and they swiped the card and... it didn't work. After getting multiple keys swiped, finally found one that worked and they gave to me with assurances it would work going forward. I told them maybe they should switch me to a new room and they said not to worry. Well, we'll see as I'm writing this review right after this happened...Bottom-line, a) staff can't accommodate you if you've got problems (doesn't matter who's at fault) and b) there will be problems. Food is only average. For a hotel room costing equivalent of USD 150 per night (which for Shanghai is a major amount), I could've gotten a 5-star experience somewhere else.To be fair, the positives are it's good location near the Oriental Pearl TV Tower and across river from the Bund area.Take my advice - pay the same money and stay somewhere else.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice hotel terrible service.	The Oriental Riverside hotel is, unusually, a pretty low rise hotel in the Pudong area of Shanghai. It's near enough to most things (Oriental Pearl TV Tower is two minutes away, Shanghai WFC centre about 10, lots of restaurants on the water front and plenty of shopping), and both the underground (5 minute walk) and tourist tunnel (right outside the door) are near enough to make getting across the river quite easy. The hotel itself is right on the banks of the river and, if you've got a room on the right side, the views over the wide Pudong river are interesting, if not necessarily spectacular. Our room, a riverside view room, was spacious, well equipped and comfortable. The lobby area was large, dramatic and inviting. Overall, impressions of the hotel were good.Sadly, it was all let down by terrible service.Check in was fine, with the normal credit card impressions and so on. Shown to our room, the staff member opened the door and walked in and then loitered as if waiting for a tip. Having spent three weeks so far in China, and found tipping to be uncommon (and I even encountered refusals) this led to an awkward few moments. Shortly afterwards, a woman burst in to the room carrying a small vase, insisting we needed on in the bathroom. Shortly after that, another woman came in and removed the fruit bowl, declaring that it's not ours and we're not allowed it.The concierge desk was useless. Asking about what times the viewing platform of the World Financial Centre was open (it's 1,555 feet up and is, currently, the highest viewing platform in the world - definitely worth visiting), we were told it that this newly opened attraction was closed, despite the fact I could see camera flashes coming from the platform. Ignoring them, we went anyway, paid our money, and enjoyed an hour or so at the top of the world.Asking the concierge to book a taxi for 5am proved impossible, with us being told that there's no point as they wouldn't turn up. A phone call to a taxi firm myself soon had one booked, and they turned up bang on time.Asking about times for the MagLev train to the airport (we had to go very early) we were given two different opening times, both of which were wrong.These are basics, especially for a business hotel that's attached to the International Convention Center, and it's unforgiveable that they got such basic things so wrong. A 5-star hotel's concierge service is relied upon by visitors, and by failing in that area they've let the entire hotel down.As did the staff at checkout. Never before, at any standard of hotel, have I been made to wait at reception while a staff member goes to check I've not stolen anything from the room.It's a lovely hotel, but I couldn't leave it quick enough. We were tempted to stay at either of the Hyatt hotels at the WFC or Jin Mao tower, but decided to save some money and stay on the river. When we go back, it'll be to the Hyatt.As an aside, when you're in Shanghai make sure you leave time for a few drinks and a bite to eat at the Cloud 9 bar in the Jin Mao tower. It's difficult to find, requiring three different lifts, some stairs and a few corridors and, once you get there, it's very expensive, but it's worth the effort and every penny you'll spend there. Really.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great locationgood Hotel	I was with my wife for 3 nights. We enjoyed very much our stay in oriental riverside. Very nice room ,good breakfast, best location in Pudong,with nice view to the Bund. 5 star Hotel with friendy staff. Will stay again in this Hotel,recomended!!	
May 4 2009 	OK room Terrible Service Felt cheated Bad location Old gym equip	My husband and I are frequent travelers. We live in hotels more often than we live in our own condo in Chicago. In a nutshell, stay at a 5-star hotel on the Bund side of equivalent cost. There isn't much to do on the Pudong side. We found ourselves taking the metro to the Bund everyday and coming back to the Pudong side only to sleep at our hotel. Stay anywhere on Nanjing Road and I think you'll be quite happy about how close you are to everything you want to see while in Shanghai as a tourist. Here's a detailed list of the bad experience we had at this hotel:- Upon check-in we asked for a non-smoking room. We got to our room that had a &quot;no-smoking&quot; sign outside the door. Once entering, it reeked of smoke and incents (probably trying to cover up the cigarette smoke smell). We asked for another room at the front desk, they told us they didn't believe us because it is supposed to be a non-smoking room. They sent a bellman with us to confirm before giving us another room. This is move #1. In our 2nd room (445), it was smoke-free. Then later, the entire floor smelled of smoke, so much so that it started entering our room. We then placed pillows at the foot of our door to prevent the smoke from entering our room (see photo). They need to implement a non smoking floor entirely.- Outwardly, the hotel LOOKS like a 5-star hotel, but the staff are not trained professionally including their assistant manager. Our internet did not work in our room, so they said we can use their Business Center for FREE for the rest of the day. Later that day, they tried to charge us for the Business Center services. At first they denied knowing about our internet problems, then they acknowledged that they heard about it and would charge us the reduced rate. Um... hello?! It was offered to us for FREE since we had paid for the internet service in our room that we weren't getting. It was so obvious they were trying to cheat us out of our money. This conversation was with the assistant manager, Mark Cai. Eventually, we moved into another room where the internet works. This was move #2.- Gym equipment: Treadmills are so old, the tracks are frayed at the edges so that if you don't pay attention, you could trip and fall off the treadmill and seriously hurt yourself. The stationary bike (both of them) don't work. The free weights all have rust at the handles. - Currency exchange: On our last night at Shanghai, we wanted to take a river cruise but needed more cash to pay for the tickets. We tried several times to retrieve cash from the hotel lobby ATM which had worked on previous days but failed on this particular night. We asked the front desk if they could just charge us the amount onto our room and give us the cash? Their response: NO. Could you exchange our Yen? NO. Could you exchange our Taiwan dollars? NO. Then they (Alex, Anthony) proceeded to joke around in Mandarin making statements such as while laughing: &quot;These people have no more money. They are poor.&quot; My husband understand Mandarin and told me this later. Completely unprofessional behavior. Since they were unwilling to help us, we missed our cruise. On our last night, instead of spending a romantic night on our cruise, I found myself writing a very long list of complaints and suggestions for the General Manager; a letter which I highly doubt will get to the General Manager given the poor service we have received the entirely of our 6 days stay at this hotel.- If you DO decide to stay here. Don't stay in room 425. The 5th floor is a banquet hall so at nights you'll here hours of chairs, tables and other furniture being dragged across the floor. Also, there are 2 different parts of the hotel. When entering the lobby. Request for rooms facing the river, it's nicer. They will initially try to fill the ghetto half of their hotels first (our first room).- There are no flat screen tv's here. For a 5-star hotel, that's pretty backwards.- Check out also took nearly 30 minutes.- When my husband and I came downstairs with all our luggage, not 1 of the 3 bellman there came over to help us. One Cuasian couple came down with their luggage, all 3 ran over... yes RAN over to them to help them with their luggage. Travel tip in Asia: Even if you can speak the language. Use English to get more respect and better service. It's sad but true.- The only great thing about our room was the view. We had the view of the Bund and the Huangpu River from our window. At night you can see all the brightly lit river boat cruises go by like a parade.	
Dec 19 2008 	OK Hotel with good location but felt cheated	We just came back from our stay at this hotel and wanted to share some feedback for others to be aware of.The GoodStandard room with the best aspect being the location, right next to Pearl Tower. Also recommended is the Super Brand Mall (SBM) opposite the Pearl Tower. Plenty of great eating choices there on the 5/6th floors. As we hadn't bought breakfast at the hotel, we often ate there - with good satisfaction. Particularly recommended: try the Green Tea Icecream Shake at the Noodle Bar on 5F of SBM, or any of their other outlets in town...The Bad- Our room had a small working room attached to it. This was barely cleaned (with thick layer/smell of dust) and a previous guest's nail clippings!- Spa Area was a bit murky, no lights in sauna, steamroom out of operation, murky waters in the jacuzzi, and the spa attendant using the relaxation room mainly to - relax himself!- We had reserved the room via HRS.COM understanding that internet was included. We were then told this was not the case. At check out, we were then charged further for internet based on time of log-in and not actualy online usage. So if you log on ur first day for even 5 minutes, the times starts running from then, and you can end up paying an exorbitant rate of RMB 120 for 2x 24 hour time periods within the same day!! Especially dodgy because they charged us internet for a day, when their internet server was down for 8 hours! At check out, there was no understanding for the client's situation by the front desk staff Alex Shen and Amy Tang, who just said said that that's how the computer calculated it, so that's how they would charge it - very bad behaviour.You can have better hotels with better locations and far better customer service in Shanghai.	
Dec 7 2008 	Standard business hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights for a conference at the Shanghai International Convention Center. I booked this hotel through another website and definitely got a great deal. I don't think that the hotel is worth its published room rates or the conference advertised rates.Because this hotel is attached to the Convention Center, it is very convenient. You never have to walk outside, which is great if it's cold or rainy.The front desk staff is helpful and speak decent English. One of the best things about the hotel was luggage storage. I was traveling around China for a week before the meeting and they stored my luggage until I returned. Nothing was lost, and that was great. The hotel also offers currency exchange. What is interesting is that if you booked your room through another website, when you check out, they do not give you your receipt. You have to contact with whomever you booked, so save that initial receipt. The hotel also allowed us late check out, 2pm, which was very helpful. The room was spacious and the bed was the most comfortable bed that I found throughout China. This bed was the least firm bed, which was great. There is a dent in the center of the bed, because I think pushed to double beds together, so beware. The bathroom was interesting in that you had a separate shower and a separate bathtub. The shower is enclosed in clear glass and the water pressure from the shower was medium. The shower head in the bathroom was malfunctioning in that the water was spraying all over the place despite my adjusting it. I finally gave up and only took showers in the clear glass shower and not the bathtub.The room was cleaned daily, and two complimentary small bottles of water were provided daily. There was nightly turn down service and you would get 2 cookies plus a small pastry or a piece of chocolate in a little red tin. That was a nice touch for a midnight snack. There is a mini-bar in the room, as well as a larger bottle of Evian bottled water that is not complimentary with the price clearly marked. Toiletries, hairdryer, refrigerator, and hot water heater for making tea were also provided. I used the refrigerator to store the orange juice I had bought at the grocery store. There was also TV in the room that had 4 English channels (CNN, HBO, National Geographic, and another news channel). Although my room was designated as non-smoking, I felt that there was cigarette smoke wafting into my room. The first day we checked in, our room had smelled like cigarette smoke. We left our window open all day, and finally, the cigarette smoke disappeared. When we turned on the heater, initially, there was a smoky odor, but after the heater was running for a while, the smoky odor disappeared. As with all the other hostels/hotels that we found in China, you have to put your room key card in the slot to activate the electricity in the room. It was easy to turn off all the lights in the room and leave the heater on overnight. There are control panels on either side of the bed. We also left one room card key in the slot but turned off all the lights during the day because we weren't sure if the refrigerator turned off if the room card key was removed. We were storing some small food items in the refrigerator. That worked well until the last 2 days, when housekeeping would take away that room key card in the slot during the day. We asked for a new room key card once, which we got, but the next day, the new room key card was taken again. By that time, we were almost ready to go, so we didn't ask for a second room key card. The hotel has a restaurant, and I ate there for lunch once and had their buffet. There was a mix of Western and traditional Chinese items. The food is typical of what you would see in an expensive hotel buffet. I would not eat there again unless I was pressed for time. There are other restaurants in and out of the area (accessible by Metro or taxi) that offered better and tastier food.The location itself okay as the hotel is in the Pudong district, which primarily caters towards business travelers. The Riverside Promenade is lovely both during the day and night. There is an excellent Superbrand shopping mall across the street (5 minute walk), which has a grocery store in the basement, 2 foreign language bookstores (you can buy English books here), and multiple different types of restaurants, including a food court on the 5th floor. The Jimao Tower, which offers excellent views of the city from the top, as well as the Shanghai Financial Center (highest view of the city) are all located in the Pudong district and easily accessed on foot (10 minute walk). Some of the fancier skyscrapers are located in the Pudong district and across the river in the Bund district.It is a 5 minute walk to the Pearl TV Tower and about a 7 minute walk to the Lujiazui Metro stop. The cheesy Bund Sightseeing Tunnel is also located right in front of the hotel entrance, and the tunnel allows you fast and easy, but cheesy access to the Bund district. The more touristy sites in Shanghai are in the Bund area, French Concession, or Old Town, all which are easily accessed by cab or Metro. To get to the Old Town though, it's much harder to use the Metro, but actually more fun to take the ferry (0.5 yuan). The ferry dock is located a bit south of the hotel, about a 12 minute walk, but once you're on the ferry, it takes 6 minutes to cross the river. During the day, the hotel is undergoing renovation/construction, so there can be a lot of noise from that. At night, our room was quiet. We faced the garden and did not have a riverfront view.The hotel also has a beautiful round pool and a small exercise room. The pool is too small for swimming laps, but the exercise room has a few cardio machines, but offers great views of the river. The hotel offers wi-fi in the room and on certain floors in the Convention Center. There is a 3 yuan per minute charge for internet if you use the Business Center. I am not sure what the wi-fi charge is, but I'm sure it may be costly. Overall, this hotel is geared toward the business traveler because of its location in the Pudong district. The touristy areas are easily accessed by taxi, Metro, Bund Sightseeing Tunnel, or even ferry. For a meeting at the Shanghai International Convention Center with higher end amenities and never having to walk outside, this is a great business hotel. If you want to be in the heart of the touristy area, then this hotel is a bit far from the action. Very pleasant business hotel.	
Dec 5 2008 	Under renovation	Business trip. The location is excellent, a brief walk to the Pearl Tower, Subway, Insect Museum, a large shopping mall (with many good eating places), the Bund and &quot;The Kitchen&quot; (a fantastic Italian restaurant on the Bund don't be put off if they say they are full, just walk up anyway). The hotel staff were really helpful with great language skills. The room was about 4 star internal level (rather than typical 4 star Asian). I would recommend the River side rooms if you have time to enjoy the view! TV was average, bed comfortable, bathroom OK but quite compact with separate shower. Internet access poor, renovation noise during the day (until evening!). I didn't eat at the hotel other than snacks/coffee in the lobby lounge. That lounge, and the Spa, were both very expensive for the quality offered. Try elsewhere! The Hotel is on the &quot;right&quot; side of the Bund for Pudong International Airport and about a 30 minute cab ride to the MagLev terminal. If you can handle walking with your luggage, stick to the Subways/Maglev etc. (Clean, fast, easy to navigate, safe...). You can always pick up a cab for any brief trip between the subway station and the hotel. Do follow advice given elsewhere and have any cab directions written down - the drivers are generally non-English speaking - and just repeating it louder doesn't help.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great room but bad experience.	I stayed in this hotel when I attended a congress at the Shanghai International Convention Center. The hotel was well placed for the congress. I booked my room through Expedia.co.nz which gave me a much better rate than either the congress booking or the hotel website.My room was on the 6th floor which is designated as a smoking floor. My booking had been for a room with a view of the river on the non-smoking floor. However, both with my reservation and with the reservations of others from the congress who stayed in the hotel, the request for a non-smoking room was ignored. The problem is that only the fourth floor is non-smoking and it fills up quickly. I was told repeatedly by the hotel that the views are poor from the 4th floor, but colleagues who stayed on the fourth floor reported that this is not the case.The room that I received had great views across the river, was well laid out and was very clean. I was quite pleased with the room. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom large and the furnishings nice. Housekeeping came into the room in the evening to drop off cookies and to give me a newspaper.However, I would never stay in this hotel again. First of all, Pudong is pretty soulless compared to the other side of the river. While there are lots of restaurants and shops on the Bund side, there are few inexpensive options in Pudong. The exception is the Watson’s grocery store which is located nearby which was a really good value for buying things. Each night, we took the subway to the other side of the river to eat.The breakfast at the hotel is Y180 which is highway robbery.The worst part is that for two nights, the hotel was having concrete poured on the roof. At 10PM, concrete trucks began pouring their loads into a machine that pumped it up to the roof. Until 2AM, the trucks were running and blowing their horns when they were out of concrete. The sound of the concrete was like someone rollerblading above my room. Plus I got a notice that there would be blasting 15m from my room and that I should not open my window. No high class hotel should be disturbing its guests with construction all night. They probably wont be pouring concrete again, but if they care so little about the comfort of their guests in this case, they probably wont care when other construction projects need to be carried out in the dead of night.So in summary, nice hotel if you are in Shanghai for a congress, but at a cost of sleep and dollars. Otherwise, look for other options.	
Oct 24 2008	Good choice	Good hotel with good location. It is in Pudong waterfront promenade, with views to Bund and Pudong skyscapers. Very big and clean rooms with big bathroom. Huge lounge. Good breakfast.Only 200 meter to nearest metrostation, where you can reach to middle of Nanking shoppingstreet (next station) in a couple of minutes. Cost is 0,3 eur.Very big shopping mall is near by the hotel.	
Aug 25 2008	great place great location	The Riverside Oriental Hotel a Great Hotel in a great Location rooms are big I stayed in a superior room but I did look at a standard all rooms are well finished. I could not find any faults airconditioning was good breakfast was wide and varied only problem is smoking ask for non smoking area. The tunnel under the river to the bund the old part of the city is right outside the hotel. The Hotel is in a quite part of Shanghai but close to attractions. I wll be staying at this hotel again. A nice touch was the bed was turned down at night and a few cookies and chocolate on the beside table.	
Aug 8 2008 	Perfect hotel in perfect location... just avoid August!	Stayed her 10 nights in August, 2008. Great hotel, not too expensive but top-notch facilities and service. English not a problem at all with the staff. Room super nice, very clean, fantastic view overlooking the river... spent hours at night just watching all the neon-lit boats go by! Perfect location; just 2 blocks from a humongous mall with grocery store, so you can access all the modern stores and food chains, and the pedestrian tunnel to the other side of the river is literally on the front lawn of the hotel. The tall Pearl tower is also 2 blocks away.. nothing more than a 3-minute walk. Taxis out front to take you anywhere else in Shanghai, so plenty within a short walk, and (cheap and reliable) taxis to take you everywhere else! I'd never stay anywhere else...(Oh, but avoid August; VERY hot and VERY muggy...made it so hard to enjoy the outside and keep a positive attitude while touring or shopping.)	
May 20 2008 	Oriental Riverside Hotel: Very good	Stayed four nights at this hotel in May 2008. Staff was very helpful. There was no language problem. The rooms were of good size and every thing worked. Great location-next to the Pearl tower and bund tunnel. The Super Brand Mall, a few minutes away had several nice restaurants (5th floor) including a terrific vegetarian restaurant and a grocery store (Lotus, in the basement). The Metro (line 2) is close by to go to Nanjing Road during rush hours. I would rate the hotel above average.	
Apr 8 2008 	A facility in decline	The hotel had the feel of a facility in decline. My room was dingy and out-dated, power outlets and television didn't work. The room was very poorly ventilated--I awoke my first morning to a room full of exhaust fumes.The &quot;1930s&quot; restaurant in the lobby was mediocre with warmed-over institutional food and a staff that seemed confused as to what to do with a customer. The bar was poorly stocked and the bartender unable to fulfill basic requests. Another customer received his meal in reverse order. I would go again, however, just to see the jazz band that plays there nightly--they are dreadful to the point of hilarity as they muddle through one jazz standard after another.In general, the hotel staff seemed rather bewildered by the presence of guests with needs and expectations, and after the first night I felt it was a bad gamble to remain. We moved to another hotel in Pudong which turned out to be outstanding.	
Mar 5 2008 	Impressive hotel	Large bedroom and bathroom with wonderful view over the river and towards The Bund. Service from all staff was very courteous and attentive.We seemed to be the only western people there (an in fact in Shanghai!!) and had slight language problems. Staff spoke basic English but it was more difficult to communicate if there were problems. Very impressive exterior to this hotel but not easily accessible to Shanghai across the river.Breakfast OK - not much choice for the continental style.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Hotel. Deserves higher rating.	We've just back from Shanghai and I would love to write a review about this wonderful hotel. We booked five nights (one Deluxe room, River View and one Standard room, Garden view) and never regret it. The Deluxe room was very spacious. I loved the tasteful yet simple decoration and furniture, the big bathroom (with both shower and bath tube), the wonderful River and the Bund view and very good service. Our children stayed at the more modest Standard room but also had quite spacious room with gorgeous view (from their room you can see not the river only but Pudong skyscrapers including Jing Mao and the Pearl towers). Both rooms were very clean and very well maintained. The Standard room had a PC, the Deluxe room had an internet connection (2 yuan for a min). My husband checked his emails several times and paid 6 yuan for this service. You can also have free internet connection at the Element Fresh cafe at the Super Brand Mall (2 min walk from the hotel).The hotel's location was just perfect for us. It is located at the Bund in Pudong area at the Convention Center. If you prefer a quiet place to crowds and noise of Nanjin Road, this hotel is for you. The Pearl Tower (including quite interesting Historical Museum) and the Shanghai Aquarium is only 2 min walk from the hotel. The Pudong Bund and Sightseeing Tunnel is even less. The Metro station is 3 min walk. The Super Brand Mall with its gorgeous restaurants, cafes and shopping is just 2 min walk. They serve great breakfast at the Element Fresh cafe there.So, I highly recommend this hotel if you want to stay at a 5 star's hotel in a good location and if you get reasonable prices like we had (less than $90). Then it is just a SUPER VALUE.	
Mar 28 2007 	Better than I anticipated too !!	Stayed for 13 nights courtesy of a Travelocity pricing mistake ($27 per night) and firstly I am surprised that there were only 2 other reviews given the amount of western tourists at this hotel.The location is both it's greatest asset and also it's achilles heel depending on your requirements. It's on the Pudong (east) side of the river and most of the action takes place on the other side. However you soon notice how much quieter and calmer life is around hotel as the only traffic is the hotel's itself. The hotel is also just 3 mins walk away from the Super Brand Mall which has a Lotus Supermarket in the basement so you can stock up on drinks, snacks, etc. Lotus also have a reasonable hot food section and on the higher floor of this mall you can find KFC, McDonalds and Burger King along with many other restaurants.The rooms are good, not fantastic but certainly very nice with most of the usual amenities like tea making facilites. The beds were very comfortable. Seperate shower and bath although the shower door didn't close and bit of water leaked on the floor. I was a bit surprised there was no iron and ironing board but a quick call to reception and one was delivered in under 5 minutes. A 4 way electric adaptor was also sent up to my room in similar time. A bit puzzling was the maid who made up the room each day. Some days she would leave 2 bottles of water, some days 1, some days none. Same with shower amenities, didn't complain as it was just amusing to see what would be left. Using the internet was 120 RMB per day from within the room or 3 RMB per minute in the business centre. I had a laptop but one morning needed to print something so used the business centre. The printer was misconfigured (connected to the wrong network PC) and the lass managing the centre did not have a clue so I fixed it myself by simply unplugging it from the one wrong one and then plugging it into the correct one. Bit surprised then to be still charged 10RMB after fixing their problem !! The hotel also has some recreational facilities, some are included in the price and some are extra. The gym, sauna and swimming are included but tennis, snooker, table tennis, pool, 10 pin bowling and crazy golf are extra. Have to say that I thought paying 80 RMB for a 1 hour of snooker was a bit steep and out of nosiness I went down to basement a few times and there was never anyone in there.On the first couple of days we tried out both the buffet breakfast and buffet lunch. Breakfast was good but the lunch a bit disappointing. In fact on arrival 2 days before I decided to have a look at the lunch (we had arrived early 12noon and the room wasn't quite ready) and was quite impressed but on the day we visited, nearly all of the dim sum section had disappeared which was one thing I really wanted to enjoy. Also the sweet section was very limited.The staff were all very courteous and the fact that I spoke no Chinese didn't really impact on my staff as most spoke some English. I even had a haircut from someone who spoke no discernable English and received a great haircut.If asked would I stay again then would answer most definitely yes but I would be surprised if I visited Shanghai again soon as I was simply a tourist and saw everything I wanted.	
Feb 3 2007	Better Than Expected	I was attending a conference at the Shangri-La Hotel, just a few minutes away on foot. Unfortunately, the Shang was all booked out, so my travel agent suggested this place instead. It is hard to find (tell the Taxi drivers the 'Bin Jiang Da Jiu Dian' at the 'Shang Hai Guo Ji Hui Yi Zhong Xin') because it is a small adjunct of the Shanghai International Convention Centre. However, it was the place of the APEC meeting in 2001, and so it is quite regal, even if in a little bit of a gaudy way. The gym could be nicer and the health facilities kept up a little bit better but the room was faultless - large, with wonderful views of the Bund. The glass door shower was very nice, and the service was really impeccable. The location is also good as it is next to the Pearl Oriental Tower (which houses the Shanghai History Museum, which is quite interesting) and the Lujiazui subway stop.If you don't mind the quasi-Communist feel to the place with the over-the-top decor in the lobby (the rooms are fine and nice with great views) then it is not a bad choice actually for the Pudong/Lujiazui area. Mainland Luxe!	
Mar 24 2006	Dirty in the room	Hi, I was stayed in Oriental Riverside Hotel July 2005. I thought 5 stars hotel should have 5 stars standard. But it not. The carpet was dirty and have blood mark in the bedsheet. Need to be upgrade.	
Nov 22 2009 	????????		
Oct 29 2009 	ottima posizione-		
Aug 28 2009 	Excellent		
Mar 22 2009 	Excelente hotel en la parte moderna		
Feb 27 2009 	??????????????????		
Aug 25 2008	Super Hotel!!!		
