Nov 9 2009 	Excellent value no frills!	Location of hotel is quite good for crossing over by taxi to Puxi or going to Lujiajui. Unfortunately, its ambience and accessibility is somewhat spoilt by ongoing Metro construction work on Pudong Avenue. Neighbourhood is a little dusty but not unduly noisy. Room offers good size and comfort, without any unnecessary features or over-intrusive service. Another plus is the convenience of dining at the 2 wonderful Chinese restaurants on either side of the Pudong Avenue entrance. One is a popular Sichuan restaurant; the other a newly opened &quot;Fusion&quot; place featuring interesting dishes like Foie Gras done Chinese-style and Prime Mutton sourced from Hainan.	
Feb 18 2009 	Good Value for the room	The room was good. It was large with a nice sitting area. Our room came with a kitchen that was good size for a hotel room. This made it very nice for us to store food we purchased at the store. The shower was very nice, but a little small for our personal taste. The bathroom needs more lighting. The walls in the bedroom were dirty, but the rest of the area was clean. I would stay at this hotel again, because the price was such a good value.	
Oct 16 2008 	Nice place	I stay here whenever I come to Shanghai. It is close to our company's Shanghai office. The employees at the front desk can speak English (minimal though). The rooms are spacious and clean with a mini fridge that has water/coke/juice. The restaurant on the second floor serves breakfast with some westernized items. Although I thought that the french fries were a little weird for breakfast! They have a really nice selection of fruit, I made the mistake of loading up on it only to find out that it tasted salty (not sure why).They also have 4 or 5 English channels on their tv's which is nice.I would definitely recommend this hotel.The only thing I don't like is that most taxi drivers are not familiar with it so make sure you have the address in Chinese.	
Mar 21 2008	Decent place	I stayed at the The Barony during a round trip in China. The booking was done by the chinese agency, so I can’t comment on the room rates.First I was a bit worried because I know Shanghai from former visits, though the hotel name was new to me. When I saw the tiny lobby, I got some more reservation and the english language skills of the front desk officers seemed to be minimal.On the other hand, the rooms are fairly big and very clean, also the bathroom. The view to Pudong is great. The door gives an alarm if not properly locked. Breakfast buffet was quite good, I think I had the best croissants all over China in that hotel. On those 4 days, I also had dinner in the restaurant at the last day. To order it took a while due to language barriers, but the restaurant staff was being very helpful and eager to feel us comfortable ... a kind of charming trouble, I don’t mind. By the way, the chinese meal was good value and quality.There’s another restaurant with a nice ambiance and decoration in the same building but with separate entrance from the road. The Metro station is just 5mins walk though you need to change trains if you’re heading for Nanjing or Huaihai Road.Get a business card with the hotels address, because taxi drivers are not familiar with the hotel.	
Sep 14 2007 	One night only	We only stayed one night at the Barony hotel because the Purple Mountain was fully booked. It is a very modern hotel. We would stay there again for one night only.The rooms were fairly large,clean and the bed very comfortable.The breakfast was not to my liking, cold fried eggs or Congee ( rice porridge) I just ate the fruit which was ok.	
Apr 11 2009 	Une chambre? non ! Un appartement avec vue magnifique sur Pudong		
