Oct 11 2009 	Great Oasis in French Concession	We stayed here at the end of a multi-week trip around China, during which we slept on a lot of trains and in youth hostels, so it was our treat to ourselves. Although we paid way more than any other night in China (about $175 compared with an average of $30-$50 elsewhere, which is still far less than the equivalent place would be in North America) it was totally worth it. The buffet in the morning alone (for the 3 of us) made up some of the difference. Service was great - they brought us tea to our room on our arrival. The atmosphere is very much reminiscent of colonial days -- in our wing there were rooms where both Chiang Kai Shek and Mao had stayed -- with beautiful wood furniture and high ceilings. My 9 year-old daughter was able to feel a little more independent than at other places, because there are beautiful grounds and she could go outside and hang on a tree, yet your right in the middle of Shanghai. You don't have to pay for in-house services. We found a great massage place just about a block up Ruijin Road, for $12 for a full hour, and they were open late.	
Oct 8 2009 	Ruijin Hotel is an oasis of calm in the confusion of shanghai	The title says it all. To enter the compound of the Ruijin Hotel is to enter another world. After the noise and excitement of Shanghai's streets, it's a total pleasure to return to this island of calm	
Jun 22 2009 	old world experience-stay in bldg 1 or 2 only	--just returned from a two night stay. quoted a price, than told them i did not want bldg 3-they tried to up the price 200RMB for the older bldgs. i balked and they honored the first quote. upon arrival were told we would be in bldg 2 and given a free upgrade to a suite!!--bldg 1 and 2 are older, historic and beautiful. as discussed in other posts bldg 3 is modern, close to noisy bars and set off from the breakfast/dinner restaurant. there is a lot of construction going on to allow for another bldg but noise was not an issue.--our suite covered two floors and was amazing!! on the first floor was a fully modern half bathroom, a mini bar area that included a free bottle of wine each night, large screen tv, sofa, and work desk. there was a wooden spiral staircase up to the second floor which had a king size bed, chaise lounge chair (and the best part) a full boby massage chair the bathroom was huge, fully modern w/ bidet, jacuzzi tub and separate shower. free bottles of water given each day in bathroom.--nightly turndown service included slippers, weather forecast card for next day and more bottled water--breakfasr included both mornings and wide selection of western and chinesefood. no complaints but i am not a big breakfast fan so am easy to please in that regard. dinner at the chinese restaurant was very good, reasonably priced.--staff were all friendly and able to communicate in english. managers on call were especially helpful.--beautiful grounds and easily walkable to attractions, taxis cheap if you prefer. to ride--a few downsides: room did smell like cigarettes but china is a smoking country so i am used to that: the carpet as well as upholstered furniture needs to be cleaned--all are pretty badly stained. if not for that i would have given a 5 star rating.--internet was free but wasn't working for part of our stay despite repeated efforts to correct. manager gave us fruit anf chocolate platter as way of apology--for an old shanghai experience, i would highly recommend this hotel but only stay in bldg 1 or 2	
Apr 9 2009 	Half secluded villa half construction site	The Ruijin is a frustrating experience right now -- so much of it is excellent, yet it's in the middle of a huge construction project. This is particularly a problem if you're in Building 3, which is located on the Maoming Road side of the property. Whereas it was once possible to walk through a garden to Buildings 1 and 2 (i.e. the front desk and the breakfast rooms), much of the central area has been demolished, concreted over, and walled in, leaving a circuitous pathway that pedestrians must share with cars. No doubt this is to expand the property in preparation for Expo 2010, but in the interim it's a pretty significant letdown.They've done the best anyone could do, installing a wall around the construction site to minimize its visual impact. But it's still a construction site, and work starts at about 7 a.m. The Face Bar, the Thai restaurant, and the Indian restaurant are all gone. All that remains is a small Japanese-style restaurant (which we never saw open), the breakfast (more on that in a moment), and the Art Deco cafe, which offers a very limited and rather expensive drinks-and-snacks menu. As our guidebook noted, service is uneven -- invariably well-intentioned, but not always as competent as would be ideal, especially at the breakfast. (One morning we have three people offering to take our eggs orders, but the next day? No one.) That said, there were no serious errors.The rooms in the third building are gigantic, which compensates for their being rather soulless (it's a modern building, probably dating from about 2000). The bathrooms include both shower and jacuzzi bath, which we never used but which my parents, in another room, quite appreciated. Internet service (via ethernet) is free, a nice touch. Oh, and there's also a free bottle of mediocre Chilean cabernet (2008, too young), which is good enough for the price.Location is excellent, of course, central to the French Concession. On the whole this is still a good hotel, good value so long as the caveats are understood. It's just a let down from what it was and, I hope, will again be.	
Jul 12 2008 	Loved it!	I stayed at this hotel for 13 nights as a tourist in Shanghai. I selected the Ruijin for its setting in truly BEAUTIFUL GARDENS and for its location in The French Concession. High brick walls cut the property off from frenzied city life and contain rolling lawns, ponds, fountains, pathways, huge trees, and flower beds. I wandered these gardens every day. A couple of times I took a towel and laid down to read in the shade. One time a manager came and very politely told me I had to move because anticipated wedding guests shouldn't see me. Due to the beauty of the location, there were up to 5 weddings a day on Friday/Saturday/Sunday and in a number of ways they appeared to take priority over the guests of the hotels. I stayed in the modern building rather than one of the elegant historical ones. I expected as much when I requested the cheapest room rate. I was very happy in my room even though its view was of a neighbouring office building. THE ROOM had a luxury feel with a spacious marble-walled bathroom with large separate shower stall and quality finishes. It was exceptionally clean. The housekeeping staff were full of warm greetings and smiles.The room was totally quiet with the exception of one Saturday night when at midnight it sounded as if a soccer game were taking place above me. At first reception tried to defend the noise because of &quot;the weddings&quot; but later outdid themselves in dealing with it.The bell hops were the friendliest and sweetest I have met in my world travels even though tiping was not allowed. They spoke no English but would defer to the reception staff who did. THE RECEPTION STAFF tried very hard to speak English. They were cheerful, obliging and efficient. Owing to my ignorance of Mandarin, I asked them to write down my destinations for taxi drivers. Twice this method was not sucessful leading to nasty stand offs with the drivers and once returning to the hotel an hour later. As it was included in my room rate, I ate from the BREAKFAST BUFFET every morning. The dining room had lovely views. The buffet included Chinese foods (Dim Sum, Chinese porridge, etc.) and their versions of various western foods (smoked salmon, cereal, different-looking eggs/bacon/potatoes, an omlette station), fresh fruit and juices. Most unfortunately, on my 4th morning, I was sat near the kitchen and heard a man spit. I never felt the same about the food again. I tried the Chinese food restaurant one evening and found it disappointing (but that might be due to my ignorance of Chinese food) and the Thai food restaurant once for lunch - delicious but I've had better in Toronto. Twice I had a decent massage in the pretty little SPA building, only about $40. I enjoyed THE LOCATION of the hotel in the French Concession. Step outside the walls and I was immersed in the noisy city life of Shanghai inhabitants. The immediate streets were for daily life including a reliable bank machine. 5 minutes away to a big shopping street of international stores. 5 minutes too to Starbucks. Taxis everywhere.Should I visit Shanghai again, I will stay at the Ruijin.	
Jun 18 2008	An atmospheric place	We stayed in Ruijin for 5 nights on our way to Anhui province and then returned to stay the other 3 nights before our flight home. Didn't want to spoil our impression of Shanghai by trying a different hotel. Ruijin really added something special to a picture of a city. Or, actually, mostly it's grounds added. It was so quiet there, there's a lot of green, paths, corners, cafes on the hotel's territory.There was even a small stream, it was very romantic to sit over it on the terrace of one of the cafes, in the dark. There were sounds of that stream and of some insects or birds in the green. It felt very tropical on our first evening there, a real hothouse. Another cafe, th Face, which is very popular among Shanghai expats, gives a back-to colonial-times feeling. Actually, the whole French block where Ruijin is situated, made us remembering movies like Shanghai express with Marlene Dietrich, or In the mood for love of Wong Kar-Wai... There are other restaurants as well there, but even if you don't visit them, it's also nice to start your day by walking through the territory to an imposing red-brick fench which separates the world of this old mansion from all another world.As for the rooms in Ruijin, they are nothing luxurous, some of them are very spacious, some of them not. They have a mess of rooms' types, even on their web-site. One cannot understand, whether a standard room is the same that a superiour or a deluxe, and which of two is better, as their cost is the same. We tried a superior room and a deluxe one. The first was large, worn, with stains on the sofa and on the carpet, the second one was two times smaller and clean. It was very silent in both of them, and the bathrooms were great.Usually, we don't like going to the same hotel twice, it's more interesting to try something new, but in the case with Ruijin we would consider staying there again.So, if you priority is a place with a history and an atmosphere, this is it. If you want first a spotless comfort, better try some of the chain hotels.	
Apr 6 2008 	Wonderful grounds and building	We stayed at Ruijin in October 2007 following the recommendation of Lonely Planet. The hotel is in the middle of the French Concession, in a rstored set of mansions - the main one is a mock Tudor. We would like to recommend the hotel very highly for severla reasons:1.It is situated in a quiter area of Shanghai but at the same time it is close to one of the main shopping areas and relatively close to one of the metro stations- although you wil have to walk a few blocks. 2 It surrounded by the most magnifecent romantic grounds that make you forget that the frenetic pace of the city.The grounds are very well maintained.3 The rooms are spacious and very adequately decorated and the breakfast offered trully wonderful, offering various Western and Chinese options.4 The hotel has a number of very famous and tastefully decorated restaurants that attract a number of the shanghai high society and offer the opportunity to see how the Chinese rich play. We would highlu recommend LanaThai.There were very few things we did not like abot the hotel1. There are very minimal business facilities and the demand over the couple computer stations can be high.2 There are no leasure facilities on site, but the hotel offers transport to near by facilities.3 The service needs some improvement, but with all fairness this is very common with Chinese hotles who have not yet developed high customer skills.4 The cost of dinning at the hotel restaurants is excessive, given our experience with China, but you pay for the service, decor, quality of the food etc. You do not have to eat there, but it is an experience. In coclusion this is a ture gem in Shanghai and a nice alternative from luxury hotel chains. It has a lot of character, the location is perfect for relaxation and thoroughly enjoyable. The hotel does not meet the high standards of other luxury hotels but it is in a category of its own!	
Mar 4 2008	Shanghai Weekend	I spent 3 nights at the Ruijin, 2 in a standard room and one in an executive suite because the hotel only had the suite available the third night. I liked the location of the hotel. It also has beautiful grounds to wander. The standard room was nice, very spacious. The only issues which were minor were that the closet safe didn't work and the toilet had some mechanical problems. The third night we had to move to an executive suite. It was OK but not worth the money. Carpet was quite dirty as well in this room. I preferred the standard room.	
Dec 13 2007	A great night at the Ruijin	Stayed one night at the Ruijin and enjoyed it very much. I spent HOURS researching hotels in Shanghai and narrowed it down to Mansion Hotel or the Grand Hyatt, but rates were so high and once I got to China I couldn't fathom spending that much on a hotel room, given that we were spending $4 on meals.... So we opted for the Ruijin at the last minute and were very glad we did so. The grounds are lovely and the location is GREAT - right in the heart of the French Concession neighborhood and walkable to so many neat areas. We arrived at about 10 a.m. (on the night train from Beijing) and they gave us early check-in into our gorgeous room in the main building (I was very glad we were in the main building, it seemed to be the most picturesque). We had a corner top floor room with a balcony - lots of nice touches - free water, tea in the afternoon, etc. We had a bit of a wait getting a cab at night at the hotel but if you walk out to the street, no wait at all. The breakfast buffet was included and it was fine - lots of choices (obviously set up for travelers from all around the world). Only downside was internet - it was RMB1 per minute (about $5 for 30 mins) and wasn't working our 2nd day there.	
Aug 11 2007	Good Experience	Paid 924Rmb for a twin through elong.net. On the second floor in Block 3. Room is large, clean and comfortable. Bathroom includes shower and tub. No problems with noise at all.As others have said, very nice place to stay. Grounds make it very relaxing, and the Chinese restaurant on site is really excellent. Highly recommend that you try it for some very good Shanghainese food.The problems - breakfast as others have said could be better. Getting a coffee refill took too much effort. Internet in the room is an extra 100 rmb a day - this seems excessive to me. Lack of English channels on TV - just CNN and HBO - was also something that could be improved.If you are in Shanghai once, try it. If you just need a clean, centrally located hotel, you can get one for half the price.	
Jul 20 2007 	Beautiful grounds great location!	The Ruijin Guest House is located on beautiful grounds -- we stayed in Building 3 (next to Maoming Rd) for 5 nights. Luckily we were on the 4th floor facing into the compound -- otherwise the noise from the clubs/bars across the street would have been bothersome. Staff were nice and mostly helpful -- everyone seemed to speak English actually (no chance to use my Mandarin!). The front desk insisted that we didn't need to reserve a cab for our morning flight, and the next morning it was a little complicated to manage our luggage as we tried to check out (in the main building) and eat a quick breakfast, but it all worked out.The room was spacious, and the bathroom pretty large! We had a shower stall and a huge tub with jets. Some of the facility seemed a little old, but it was mostly clean (although I could see dust on the carpet in the corners of the room). The hotel thoughtfully left insect repellent to be plugged in at night (I needed it -- many mosquitoes in Shanghai!!). The breakfast does leave something to be desired, but the omelette station is fairly good and the traditional rice porridge is good. The Face Bar was pretty cool; unfortunately we didn't get a chance to eat at the restaurant...There was plenty to see in the neighborhood around the hotel -- the dumpling place on the corner of Ruijin Rd and Fuxing Rd (across from Starbucks) was delicious! Chinese only menu, but helpful service (if you speak Chinese) -- good cold noodles too. The hotel was also within walking distance to Fuxing Park (and Party World/Cashbox karaoke!). Going west on Fuxing Rd (past Maoming Rd) you can get foot and/or body massages by specially trained blind people for an affordable price -- they seem to be open pretty late. Overall, really liked staying at the Ruijin Guest House!	
Jul 10 2007	Laidback and comfortable	What I liked about this hotel - apart from the fact that it is an oasis of calm in the middle of French Concession Shanghai - was the fact that it was a remnant of the 1930's. Art deco buildings - several of them - set in lovely grounds, surrounded by a high fence. The very trendy bar/restaurant Face is in the grounds (the Thai restaurant I'd highly recommend) as well as a Chinese restaurant, several bars and a cafe. Breakfast was a buffet comprising Chinese food, European breakfast (cold meats etc), fruit, eggs and bacon. (You can't go wrong with an omelet.) The rooms were clean and quiet and nobody disturbed me in the 12 days I was there. I'd definitely go back.	
Jun 18 2007	Good Experience	We only stayed at the Ruijin Guesthouse one night. The hotel and grounds are absolutely stunning! It is truly an oasis in Shanghai. The room was large with nice decor. They offered free bottled water (a necessity).I feel my review is a bit biased because I compared my experience to that of Sihe Hotel in Beijing. I thought everything was really good and would still recommend staying here. My complaints are very minor...The room was clean but the carpet was in need of being washed or changed altogether. This is no way affected my comfort, however.The staff, although very accommodating, weren't as warm and friendly as the staff at Sihe in Beijing. The main complaint I had was the breakfast. I didn't try the Chinese breakfast but the western breakfast was pretty bland as was the coffee. Actually, the western options were very limited. Admittedly, I didn't try the omelet bar. Most people probably wouldn't care about this - I just get really excited about food and expected more.Again, these complaints are very minor. I would truly recommend staying here. The location is great, the rooms are comfortable, and the staff is very helpful.	
Jun 4 2007 	Excellent location lovely service nice rooms	We stayed 6 nights at the Ruijin and loved it - it may have had something to do with the free upgrade to a suite (the benefit of arriving late at night) - but it is a truly lovely hotel, and a quiet oasis in the centre of one of the best parts of Shanghai - the French Concession.	
May 17 2007 	Fantastic!	The Ruijin Hotel is highly recommended if you are looking for something a bit different than the usual tourist hotels. It is set on a sprawling property with magnificent gardens, restaurants and bars. Be sure to ask for a room in the old villa with a garden view. The hotel is located in the French Quarter of Shanghai and is surrounded by lots of funky tapas restuarants and jazz &amp; blues bars. It is away from the tourist crowds, which we found really great. If we wanted to wander around at our leisure and not get hassled, we could do that in the French Quarter. Of course the Bund and other tourist attractions are only a short cab drive away, or if you're up for a walk, it would take about 30 minutes to get to the Bund.There are a number of restaurants and bars located on the grounds of the Ruijin Hotel, and they are great. Faces Bar is a must. It is a great meeting place for a lot of expats living in Shanghai and has a really good feel to it. The Indian Restaurant on the grounds of the Ruijin was excellent also.One word of warning. We had trouble with our credit card when we were there, as the hotel billed the accommodation charges plus an extra $100 USD per day (in case we used the mini-bar?) up front, and the total bill exceeded our credit card limit. The credit card company immediately cancelled our credit card as the hotel tried to put the transaction through 6 times. After many international phone calls we discovered what the hotel was trying to do, but didn't tell us that when we checked in. Anyway, everything was sorted out in the end, but it took quite a few days to get to the bottom of the problem.So apart from the credit card problem, we could not fault the Ruijin Hotel. We highly recommend staying there.	
Jan 2 2007 	Ma-ma Hu-hu (so-so)	Stayed for 3 nights and were upgraded to a bigger room (yay!). Decent location, nice environment and interesting from a historical perspective. Ex-presidents (including Nixon) and communist VIP's stayed here (including HoChiMinh). You can still (barely) get a sense of the colonial feeling that must have existed before.There is a good Thai restaurant on the premesis - it's just outrageously expensive for the quality of the food. But still very nice and open late if you arrive late and are hungry.Other than that, this is a truly Chinese hotel - it is managed by one of the biggest state-run Chinese tourist companies. I don't say this to be negative - but for those of us who travel alot in Asia, it means that the western-expectations of service don't exist.For example, some downsides - cleanliness wasn't great, the breakfast was barely edible and overall the service was unprofessional. For example, we waited over 15 minutes to be led to our room after check in, the concierge told me to call the airline myself when I needed to change my flight and many areas of the hotel were in disrepair (or in need of a good wash).If you just need an interesting place to stay and you are a relatively experienced traveler in Asia - give the place a try. However, if you are a new traveler to China or need any sort of service above the norm (whatsoever) then I would opt for a different hotel. Plus, while the location is not bad, it is not within an easy walk to the sites. You'll need to taxi it to and from the hotel in most cases.Overall, nice, but won't be back.	
Dec 8 2006 	Great location and price!	Agree with previous good reviews. Booked 7 nights at the Ruijin late October/early November. Used Asiatravel for RMB990 per night incl. breakfast. Room was located in Building No. 3 and was spacious and clean. The beds are hard but you eventually get used to it! The air conditioning did not work, so called housekeeping who promptly arrived within minutes. Unable to fix the aircon, the housekeeping girl called the hotel’s electrician who proceeded to ‘jiggle’ the wires located behind the bedside table. Amazingly, this fixed the aircon! After that, there were a couple of times the aircon stopped working but by jiggling the wires ourselves fixed the problem! Although the staff’s English was pretty limited, they were helpful and we got by with a lot of sign language.The Ruijin provides a card containing the major Shanghai attractions written in English and Chinese characters which is essential for non chinese speakers for taxi travel. The maps of Shanghai do not use consistent street names so we used a combination of the local tourist maps and our guidebook maps to get around.Location is awesome. Building No. 3 is located next to the South Maoming Rd exit. There are 2 convenience stores located on the corner of South Maoming Rd and Central Fuxing Rd for basic supplies. There are plenty of places to eat around the area, which are frequented by the locals, and are clean and cheap!! Armed with an excellent mandarin language travel book with chinese characters, we got by with 2 fantastic steaming hot bowls of beef noodles, some type of spicy beef dish and chinese green tea to feed 2 hungry tourists for only AUD6 dollars! (Staff do not speak English and there is no English menu.) Check out the food places located next to the dumpling shop on the corner of Ruijin No. 2 Rd (Ruijin Er Lu) and Central Fuxing Rd (Fuxing Zhong Lu). (From memory, it was the dumpling shop, then a chop shop, then the great noodle/hot pot shop (where we ate) and then an Italian restaurant a few doors down on Central Fuxing Rd.) Taxis: So cheap. Caught taxis from South Maoming Rd or from Central Fuxing Rd. The flag fall rate on the taxi meter is RMB11. We found the majority of taxi drivers polite except for one who tried to quote us RMB100 from the Bund to the hotel. The trip to the Bund should only cost roughly RMB25. In most cases we attempted to request our location in Mandarin and failing that would show the hotel card or guidebook with the location written in Chinese. Best place to book tours were not at the hotel but at a place next to the Okura Garden Hotel on the corner of South Maoming Rd and Changle Rd. We found this place from one of the online guidebooks.Overall, our stay was great and we would probably stay again!	
Nov 29 2006 	History and culture with modern facilities	Ruijin Guesthouse is otherwise known as RuiJin Hotel. It is a large property with significant historical significance, and yet the rooms are modern, well-appointed, and nice. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast, including both western and Chinese items, was plentiful, high quality and good, and was included in the price of the room. It's about 1/2 mile from a major shopping area in the French Concession district of Shanghai.	
Oct 29 2006 	Old villa hotel in French concession	We stayed 4 nights in a spacious room in the grand building #1 this month. We had no hinder from traffic noise nor loud music at all. The hotel is in an old villa in beautiful gardens in the French Concession. This quarter came as a surprise with its old world charme amidst the busy and noisy metropolis of Shanghai! The hotel gardens are a peaceful oasis. Lights in the room need definitely be improved and the central switch panel is confusing. As in most of the hotels in China, the beds are hard compared to Western standards. The hotel staff tries to do its best, but due to the language problem there is much confusion which may lead to wrong conclusions from both the side of the guest and the staff. We enjoyed our stay and were very glad that we had chosen the Ruijin Hotel although you would expect the staff to have more knowledge of English in a hotel of this category.	
Oct 27 2006 	A little bit of the past	We stayed at the Ruijin for 2 nights having decided that we'd like a hotel with a bit of character. The hotel is set in beautiful gardens and was a good choice overall. We stayed in block 2 which looked very grand. My only criticism is that you could hear the very noisy main road which didn't help the jet lag. The room was large, though quite bare. It was fairly good value for money and is in a good location in the French Concession	
Oct 21 2006 	Indifferent service broken infrastructure great location	For our third visit to Shanghai we chose the Ruijin Guesthouse for its superb location -- a park-like setting in the French Concession -- but moved out after the first night of a three-night stay. Although we had booked a king-bed room through Expedia (we had this in writing), upon arrival we were told we had a two-twin-bed room. The staff had to be cajoled into giving us a king: this took a few too many steps and too much time. Finally, the room looked nice, but we were to discover a myriad of problems: the internet connection did not work; we couldn't read in bed because the bedside lights were too dim; the club next door pounded out deep bass deep into the night; the bed was hard as a rock and the pillows were cheap rubber models. The staff couldn't fix the internet connection and were clearly sniggering at us over our request for feather pillows; their English was extremely limited compared to other hotels in Shanghai.Too bad because with a little care the hotel could be wonderful. Stay only if location is all that matters to you.	
Oct 11 2006 	Shanghai in Sept 06	My husband and I stayed at the Guesthouse for 2 nights, so didn't really get a full view of the service provided but from what we saw we would stay there again. We were in No 3 Building which is next to a busy nightlife area, but to be honest it didn't stop either of us sleeping but the two nights were just after our journey from the UK so we were pretty tired from that. Our room was very spacious and comfortable. Big bed with a good solid mattress. Nice big marble bathroom with separate shower cubicle. Liked that fact that the hotel left complimentary bottles of water in the room - only hotel to do so in our 2 week visit to China. We had breakfast in the main restaurant overlooking a lovely water garden. Staff were very friendly and attentive. Good selection on offer both western and chinese. Gardens are nice to stroll around at night. There was a wedding on in a marque so the gardens were lit up nicely. Other than that, the wedding party didn't bother us - but the porter told us that they had had 5 wedding parties the day before so not sure how that would have affected us. The only small grip that we would have was that they wouldn't let us go to our room ourselves after checking in and had to wait for the porter to arrive with a golf cart which took about 15 mins as he had just taken another set of guests to their rooms. But a very small issue - it was nice to sit and calm down after the mad taxi journey in from the airport!!!	
Jul 17 2006	Great location for a great hotel	My wife and I stayed here from 11 to 16 June on the basis of tripadvisor reviews. The location of the hotel in the old French consession is terrific. We walked to the Bund a couple of times but it is a long, though interesting, walk so we mainly used the underground which is a few blocks away. Our room was on the west side of the park in the building closest to Maoming Naniu (lane) so we could head the drum beats from the nearby nightclub at night. It did not stop us from sleeping. The room was huge and well appointed with a wonderful spa to wash off the dust from walking around the city streets. The grounds are beautiful and a great contrast to the bussle of the nearby streets. There is a good tapas bar a few steps along the lane from the west entrance. Beer prices there are high so go in the happy hours before dinner. The Thai restaurant in the hotel is written up as one of the best in Shanghai. The service there is absolutely first class but we did not order well and found dishes like the soft shelled crab to be too much of the same thing. It is expensive for Shanghai...about $125 for two of us, but the bottle of wine was a significant part of the bill. Breakfast is served in a central one story building with lovely views into the gardens. Plenty of nice food to choose from however be prepared for a wait if you want something cooked especially for you. We found the staff very obliging and friendly. There seem to be more staff than guests so there is a lot of standing around.We will certainly recommend this hotel to any of our friends travelling to Shanghai	
Jun 1 2006 	Great Hotel BUT....	I stayed at Ruijin Guesthouse for 4 nights; the location is excellent, it's in a park with beautiful bars and restaurants, my room was HUGE, it was in building number 3.BUT: the staff can barely speak English (I'm not even english-speaking, I am Italian), the only people who spoke some words were the girls at the reception; I had some problems with air-con, and they sent me twice people that could not speak one word of english, so I could not explain what my problem was, or if I tried, they would not understand me. In the rooms there's a remote control near the bed that controls everyting, lights, air-con, tv, radio(didn't work), and it's quite complicated to figure out how it works. One night I woke up in the middle of the night because all the lights had gone on suddelny by themselves..! Quite scary feeling.. This was my first time in Shanghai, so I haven't stayed in another hotel, but for sure the staff at Ruijin don't make any effort to be a little nice to guests.Right now I am in Bangkok, and it's completely another matter, even if also here people speak a little english...They're just SO kind;-)	
May 24 2006	Wonderful hotel		
Nov 15 2005	Great place in a great location		
Oct 26 2005	A lowrise oasis in China		
Oct 6 2005	outstanding place		
Sep 4 2005	We thoroughly enjoyed the Ruijin Guesthouse		
Aug 18 2005	Deco Architecture at the Rui Jin		
Jul 14 2005	Enjoyed our stay at the RuiJin		
Mar 31 2005	A little tired but absolutely lovely		
Mar 8 2005	Lovely grounds and location		
Jan 5 2005 	Excellent location middle of a park in French Concession		
Jan 5 2005 	???????		
Jun 5 2009 	1??????????		
