Nov 15 2009 	Be prepared to pay for the air you breath	This hotel is exactly what to expect from a business hotel in a rather uninspiring place such as Shanghai can be: professional service, clean and functional rooms, good international breakfast and SPA.The only issue I had with them was that they made me (or try to) pay for anything they could: when I checked in the tried to upsell me an upgrade to the executive floor, which I was about to accept until I discovered that I had to pay if I wanted to bring in a guest in the lounge; next I went to the business center to print some documents and they wanted to charge me for the time I needed to access my email to retrieve the documents, fortunately a bit of reasoning with the attendant saved me the money; last but not least they charged me to get into the sauna, this I couldn't escape as I really needed some relax but I never heard before such a charge.	
Nov 14 2009 	Very Good Hotel but Food at the Lounge Below the Average...	First of all, I would like to say I am used to travelling in Asia Pacific, especially in Hilton Hotels. Actually, I am a Hilton Honor VIP Diamond. Therefore, I have access to the lounge in all Hilton Hotels where I stay. I am also used to staying in Hilton Shanghai.This hotel offers a good service (all the team is customer focused and friendly) and is very well located, just near Puxi district, the underground line 2 (5 minute walk), as well as shopping malls, good restaurants or bars. The gym is also very good with a tennis court, a squash court and a small swimming pool ~15 meters (still a little bit cold...). The SPA proposes good packages with a skilled staff and the wet area is nice (hamman, jacuzzi, sauna). Still, the women area is sometimes very noisy and the staff should sometimes remind what is cleanliness to some customers... This is supposed to be a 5 star hotel, even in the wet area.As far as the food is concerned, restaurants like Leonardo, People on the Water, Sichuan, Atrium a la carte, are very good with reasonable prices (i.e. compared with other 5 star hotels in Shanghai). Still, the overall quality of the buffet (lunch, dinner) has decreased for the past 7~9 months (i.e. compared with other 5 star hotels in Shanghai) and seems to now target local customers and not anymore international ones: may be a cheap &quot;Shanghai style&quot; buffet..., lower price than elsewhere but...On the contrary, the buffet breakfast is still very good. Large choice, very good break, very good pastries, very good everything.The lounge (it offers a wonderful view of Shanghai and is new).This review and comparison are based on experiences in other lounges in Hilton Beijing (2 hotels), Hilton Seoul, Hilton Hanoi, Hilton Kuala Lumpur, Hilton Singapore where the quality level is similar from one hotel to another.Unfortunately, the tea time and the evening snacks in Hilton Shanghai are below the average of the other Hilton lounges.1) Tea Time:- Pastries (small tarts and cakes) are proposed in a limited amount. Once the 25 or so cakes are finished, the stock is not renewed. Whatever time is 3.30, 4.00 or 4.30 pm. Moreover, if some of those 25 or so cakes remain after the tea time, they are left on the table for the evening snacks...- There are no cut fruits- There are no chocolates.2) Evening snacks:- Wine: the only proposed wine is Chinese. Otherwise, you have to pay for foreign wine. Even in Hilton Beijing you can enjoy free Australian or Chili wine...- Food: for the past 5 months, the menu snacks has not been changed at all. The food remains the same: the same pasta, the same beef, the same pizza, the same... You never enjoy fish or any change.- There are no cut fruits.- There are no pastries.- There are no chocolates.Those weaknesses make a great difference with what you can enjoy in other Hilton lounges in Asia Pacific.To conclude with, a very good hotel with a very good service but a lounge which needs some improvements for the satisfaction of customers.	
Nov 8 2009	this Hilton high on my list...	We enjoyed every part of our 3 night stay at the Hilton in Shanghai. Although we were part of a group, the great service we received was no less than if we had been here on our own. Our room was beautiful, housekeeping was very responsive to any little request, and all hotel personnel went out of their way to be helpful. The neighborhood was lovely to walk around, with lots of interesting local shops &amp; restaurants. The nearby park was especially tranquil after the bustle of the city.	
Nov 8 2009	the new China	My husband &amp; I visited Shanghai, China Oct '09 and were astonished to be seeing into the future. Everything about the city, from the Hilton Hotel where we stayed, to the local stores where we shopped, to the amazing skyscrapers in the Pudong area, was an eye-opening experience. The people were helpful &amp; friendly everywhere. I encourage tourists to walk around off the beaten path and get to see where our world is headed.	
Nov 4 2009 	Good place to stay - relaxing	Been here on a tight biz journey. Flew in on tue and stated to work the very next minute I landed. In the evening got to the hotle and discovered it's very nice SPA with all kinds of massage and hot/cold tubs and 2 kinds of sauna. Great for a tired traveller. Good restourant, nice jazz club at 39th floor. Rooms are large. Rates are quite good. Met several other frequent travellers that come here 7-8 imes a year, always same hotel.	
Oct 3 2009 	Pleasant stay	Very good service. We asked for a king bed in the reservation but when we checked in we got twin beds. The staff were extremely prompt in moving us to another room. Nice Samsung flat screen tv. Unfortunately the Hilton pool was under renovation so we had to go to the Equatorial Hotel next door. We had a nice view from the room on the 17th floor. Buffet breakfast in the Atrium was pretty good. Good selection of western and chinese food items. Can't comment on the location as we had pre-arranged transportation on a tour.	
Sep 26 2009 	Just So So and expensive restaurant!	I chose Hilton because its location is close to the pick up point (shuttle bus which offered by Ningbo hotel). Well, the room is clean but a bit outdated. Following have to improve :1. Staff - cannot feel they are welcoming you, you ask something and they replied very short with a cold face2. Spa - massage fully booked and no in room services provide3. Restaurant - I ordered Lobster Spagetti at Italian Restaurant (remember to get a RMB100coupon from the complimentary water which can deduct when checkout). It is the first time I experienced cook in front of me for the spagetti as I believe it should cook by a chef. If I can find this info in the menu, I will not take risk. In general, it is usually just make crepe, beef tartar, soup or fresh mix salad in front of the customer! Well, a waiter put my lobster and cook quite slowly and keep stir &amp; stir almost 10mins! I cannot help to ask what he is doing as the lobster will overcook! He replied is waiting for the spagetti from kitchen to mix together! Hey! If you want to make a cook show, why don't you well prepare and it is ridicoulus! Finally, it taste so so and it cannot compare to cook in real kitchen! If the chef is on holiday, pls don't offer as it cost RMB280!!!Breaksfast - Not much choice but some special food provided like fig (not dried one) but not fresh at all.Finally, the bell boy make this hotel a bit positive. It is heavy rain when I check out, he helping me to take my luggage to the bus station which almost 10mins by walk.P.S. Swimming pool is under renovation. If you need a swim, they can arrange you to use in the hotel just next door.	
Sep 21 2009 	In need of upgrade.... and better service!	Last time I stayed in a Deluxe Plus room, which was nice....This time I stayed at a normal Deluxe room. If a toilet needs to be flushed 4 times to be empty - then there is something seriously in need to be upgraded,A very disappointing 2nd visit to the same hotel in 4 weeks,I am also disappointed that none of the hotel bellboys made any effort to hail down the cabs, even though there was a long queue at the hotel taxi line and we can see many empty taxis driving by on the main road. Very disappointing.	
Sep 21 2009 	Very nice! A saviour in in a time of need.	I travel for a living and stay in hotels more than 200 nights each year. I've stayed in all manner of hotels and the Hilton Shanghai rates way up there. We took our extended adult family to China on vacation. We booked another hotel in Shanghai and it was terrible. We moved to the Hilton after 1 night at the disgusting hotel and we were treated like royalty. The hotel is in the Jing'An area, the heart of Shanghai and very centrally located for everything. The assistant manager James greeted us upon check-in and he and his assistant Carrie checked us all in. They were both courteous and efficient but the pampering started when he offered to extend my Hilton Honors Privileges to my entire group which allowed us to use the Executive Level lounge. Our rooms were lovely and spotlessly clean as were the bathrooms. The beds were the best in China (known for its extra hard beds) and a welcome respite after each day of sight seeing and shopping. All the staff from the doormen to the managers greeted us warmly each day but a special thanks goes out to Patrick, the manager in the Atrium Cafe who fed my family each morning and Diana, the manager of the Executive Lounge, who welcomed us in each evening and helped us unwind with complimentary cocktails and appetizers. She personally saw to all our needs. The Penthouse Bar on 39 has a great atmosphere with wonderful views of the city. The jazz act there, &quot;3's Company&quot;, is wonderful and the service is very attentive. I cannot say enough good things about the helpful, friendly staff! The spa is also very nice even if a bit small but very well equiped with fitness equipment and relaxation areas.I do have one complaint - the food in the hotel, while delicious, is too expensive. Breakfast averages about $25 per person and I just think that is too much. The hotel is now about 20 years old and I feel it probably could use a remodeling but I hate to end on a negative note so I will say again that we had a wonderful five days at the Hilton Shanghai and we all agreed we would love to stay there again soon.	
Sep 16 2009 	Good hotel but not best location for turists	The hotel is good but not excelent. The room is acceptable large and it has all you need. I sugest you to ask for a high floor with a view as the sorrundings are worth it. Unfortunatelly the hotel is not in the center, so if you are a turist wanting to visit the city you will need to take a taxi (the fare is about 8 USD). From this perspective, Raddisson, Marriott and Sofitel are located exactly in the center. If I will go back to Shanghai, I will stay at one of these.	
Sep 15 2009 	Good experience for the price	Had a good promotion and was overall greatly satisfied with the service and cleaniness of the hotel. Breakfast was good and with many bread choices. SPA is nice but with strange system: you pay for going to the sauna, but not to the pool.... In total a good hotel, a bit tired room wise but great location and service!	
Sep 2 2009 	Acceptable but unlikely to visit again	We stayed at the Hilton Shanghai on 23 and 24 July. Unfortunately we were very late getting in from Hong Kong (due to some visas issues – make sure that if you come from Hong Kong and plan to return to China that you have a multiple-entry visa), but since the room was prepaid it was waiting for us. We were informed that the taxi charge from the airport should be around RMB 150 – we were charged RMB 220 (by meter) as I suspect the driver took a long route around.The rooms are average compared to the other 5-star hotels in which we have stayed. The rooms look outdated, as it appears is the hotel generally. The hotel is situated far from the action of the city, i.e. the main river through Shanghai is very far away. There is no separate shower, but rather a shower in the bath (and strangely enough a separate shower head in the roof – watch out for this as it will be chilly if you are not expecting it).The breakfast selection is very good.There is an excellent massage center around the back of the hotel (go outside the hotel, turn left and walk down the alley to the left – ask for number 32 (this is nu of the lady that worked on our feet)).One thing that I found very unreasonable was the price of using the Internet in their business center. They charge an exorbitant (and I would even say extortionate) amount of RMB 4 per minute to use the Internet (compare this to RMB 5 per hour that we paid in Shigatse). In a supposed world-class hotel, this is a ridiculous price to charge guests – they should make it a lot more reasonable, if not free. This was my final annoyance of staying at this hotel.Other than the outdated room, the location of the hotel, the shower in the bath and the very expensive business center, this hotel is OK, though I suspect I will stay somewhere else should we make it back to Shanghai.	
Aug 31 2009 	Very good hotel-friendly service and spacious rooms	I stayed in this hotel on a business trip in August. The breakfast is amongst one of the best/varied ones I have ever experienced. You can skip lunch if you've had a round or two from the big buffet. Because we had a late night flight we were allowed to occupy our room until 20:00 at night at no additional cost-great service!On the down side inernet acces costs RMB 120/day. You'd expect a 5 star hotel to offer complimentary internet service...It's conveniently located near an underground station for onward travel. Aircon worked fantastic-an absolute must in August. Views from the penthouse bar on the 39th floor are amazing at night. For the 70EUR I paid per night it was very good value for money. Will stay there again on my next business trips.	
Aug 18 2009 	Hilton A #1 good for customer	The service at this hotel is the best I have ever received. The staff was always kind and friendly and always on point with directions or lending a helping hand. The rooms were clean, showers had great water pressure, and beds were heavenly. If I come back to Shanghai, I'll definitely stay here. Great food too	
Jul 20 2009 	Book with confidence! Very nice place...	[Perspective: I am a 7~8 of 10 on a picky hotel guest scale]This hotel did a fantastic job making me feel comfortable, productive, &amp; interested in my surroundings during my 4-night stay. rIncluded photos of my room 2903. Was automatically upgraded pe my Hilton Diamond status &amp; had access to highly recmnded Executive Lounge on 38th floor - where breakfast, afternoon tea, 'happy hour' drinks, &amp; light snacks could be found. Lounge quite &amp; very comfortable seating with easy access to power outlets. No kiddies under 13 allowed in ExcLnge. Open lounge/bar on 39th floor is equally nice with full menu (ClubSndwch good) &amp; Tiger Beer on tap. Great(!) 3-pce lounge band from S.Africa plays - piano, upright bass, female voice. Lobby Lounge great for meetings &amp; people watching. 700rooms so lots of people. 6 fast elevators, min waiting. Lobby resturant had excellent breakfast options - equal to any Asian hotel I've stayed. Something for everyone for this critical meal! Excellent frothy coffee.. (must use FrenchPress or great machine). Fresh squeezed OJ. Bacon could usually be done a bit more for me - but can pick pces. Architecture in lobby/resturant not avant-garde or inspiring but neither 'drab'... Excellent staff - all spoke English well. Never had &quot;attitude&quot; from any... Location is a bit isolated from most interesting parts of city - but taxis always ready-&amp;-waiting outside. Typically you can get anywhere within city for $4~$10 USD (28~68 RMB). Just remember to bring map/info card hotel gives you @ check-in with Chinese/English to communicate with taxi drives who rarely speak English. Room was comfortable &amp; quiet. Very nice bed/duvet! High-speed wired &amp; wireless reliable. Several eng TV channels. Two comp waters per day. Good safe. Desk chair nice. A/C blows on you while working - burrrr... bummer. I adjusted vanes in duct to not blow on me = better. Bathroom contemporary, clean &amp; nice. Ceiling or hand shower head option. Excellent water pressure &amp; temp stability. Enough room for one/two people. I'd stay at this hotel again in second.	
Jul 15 2009 	Good Value decent business hotel	I stayed here on the business trip becuase of the excellent 'two for one' offer available on the internet.The rooms are standard size, with good beds. My room seemed to have been renovated recently &amp; everything worked well. The bath is far too shallow, and the shower is poor.I used the executive lounge for meetings and breakfast. No complaints, a bit busier than most. but I always found a seat.The only real negative is the food in the lobby which was very poor, and what have they done to the draft Tiger lager, undrinkable.In summary, a good value top end buisness hotel, but if you were looking for luxury, a destination hotel, or a decent bath, you would go elesewhere. The 'two for one' offer made it excellent value for money.	
Jul 14 2009 	Fabulous Stay at Hilton Shanghai	We were considered Executive Customers and were entitled to the Executive Lounge with their free wifi, continental breakfast, afternoon, tea, and evening cocktails. Our room was also located on an Executive Floor. Everything single thing about the room, the Lounge, and the service we received at the Hotel was fabulous. I inquired about the Sichuan Restaurant on the top floor and within minutes, the manager of that restaurant was downstairs speaking directly to me about their food, assuring me that the evening we wanted to dine there they would make certain there would be dishes available to us that would not be too spicy for our taste. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone!	
Jun 21 2009 	A bit drab....	Stayed for a couple of nights. Check in was efficient and staff were friendly but the hotel shower did not work. Loved the huge LCD TV in the living room. Room service was fantastic, food came with flowers, mint sweets, and all beautifully presented and laid out. Bed was nice and comfy. Furniture was old and threadbare though. The wallpaper a bit worn out and the wooden furnture eg cabinets and all in desperate need of a makeover...Took a taxi to the airport which took 1.5hours due to traffic and construction along the highway - so please note travellers. Normally would be an hour journey. I'd still recommend this for travellers as it does not cost too much for the value you get but if you had children, I would give it a miss.	
Jun 15 2009 	'Precious' lounge rules.	My family of three recently stayed in the Shanghai Hilton and having stayed in many, many Hiltons all over the world, found the Executive lounge to be the most pretentious in all 'Hilton-dom'. They have a very archaic (by today's standards) dress code of no shorts or sandals or sportswear. One man came to breakfast with trousers and sandals and was chastised and was asked to go and change. I don't think one should appear in their bathrobe (as I saw in a Hilton lounge once) but this hotel seems bent on maintaining British standards of a bygone era, along with matching stilted and unfriendly attitudes. It is very different to the Beijing (Wanfujing) Hilton where they cannot do enough for you. The room was average and the bathroom small and dated. Definitely nothing special.	
Jun 7 2009 	Everything is nice!	This is a nice hotel locating at the center of Shanghai and just few minutes walk to subway. The room is nice and equiped with big LCD TV. The breakfast is those 5-star hotel quality.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Location	Location - Great, only 5 mins walk from MTR, easy to locate it once get out from the station.Check-in/out - typical Hilton styleRoom - Spacious but a little bit old style, doors of the wardrobe have to repair as it can't close up completelySwimming Poor - great to have indoor one as the air outside are not good;Service - staff at concierge r smart, they can tell me the exact taxi fare of the place where i'm going to!!! wonderful!!! besides, they r willing to help me in making dinning reservation! made me saved a lot of time in checking out the places and roaming charges~	
May 30 2009 	A Hotel living on its past repotation reputation - An anachronism	I stay in 5 star hotels all over the world and always on the executive floor, so I have a basis for comparison. I found this hotel particularly poor in terms of customer service and responsiveness to needs. if there is a problem, the General manager, Guy Hutchinson, is not available - for someone in the hospitality industry, he seems to have an aversion to dealing with his guests. The problems with this hotel is that because it bears the Hilton name, it attracts guest and must enjoy a high occupancy rate and therefore does not feel the need to improve. At one time this was a posh Hotel with little competition, now it is old and tired, even to the point that staff in the executive lounge feel it is OK to treat guests rudely. There are son many new, modern and beautiful hotels in CShanghai - avoid this one : :caveat emptor.&quot;	
May 29 2009 	Great stay!	Stayed there on a two-week business trip. Staff is accomodating, ready to help, constantly smiling. Excellent service at the lounge in particular, which I accessed daily through a colleague of mine. Fares appeared reasonable, including food/wine. Fitness center is well equipped; pool is very nice. As to rooms, mine needed some refurbishment but met my expectations in terms of overall size, comfort, cleanliness and equipment. To sum it up, a very good choice!	
May 8 2009 	Great Hotel Great Service Great Executive Lounge Staff	I thoroughly enjoyed my recent stay at the Hilton Shanghai...Great looking lobby, great room (a remodeled room), and fantastic service. I arrived later in the evening and was promptly assisted by a bellman from the taxi. I approached the check-in desk, and was told that because I am a HHonors Diamond member, that I'd been upgraded to an Executive Floor room, and to go up to the 38th floor for check in. Upon arrival to the lounge, I was offered a beverage of my choice (I had a beer) and was efficiently checked in. The check-in guy apologized profusely that there was not an actual room available on the executive floor, but he did have a recently remodeled room on the 'good view' side of the hotel on the 27th floor. Fine with me, as I still had full Executive Lounge privileges (full breakfast in the AM, afternoon tea with snacks, evening cocktails and appetizers). The room was good, nothing overly special, but comfortable--great bed, fair bathroom but great water pressure in the shower. 10 minutes after check-in, a knock on my door brought a HUGE basket of fruit (probably 20 small mangoes). I wanted for nothing in the lounge, constantly offered refills, greeted by name upon arrival each time, and free wifi internet access there.I ate one meal in the Atrium 'coffee shop'. I just had a sandwich and soup, but the food quality was very good, although the service ran a little slow. I did venture out near the hotel--directly across the street were several pubs...I ventured into one and had a couple of cold beers--a little pricey for Shanghai, but surely better than the hotel bar. Be careful when venturing out near the hotel...I was propositioned for a 'massage' by a professional woman one evening, and every night there were very clever beggars who shamelessly send their young children to pester you for money relentlessly. I hope I can score a good rate here again next time I'm in Shanghai...It's a great hotel with great service and definitely lives up to the 5-stars granted by the Chinese Tourism Bureau.	
May 4 2009 	Disappointed 3.5 star service	We 3 adults stayed for 2 nights with a tour package. Although I saw there were a lot of Hilton fans, I am disappointed for its not up to 4 (not to say 5) star service:1. More than 1 month ago I wrote emails directly to this hotel (and also later through my agent) reminding our special requests including 3 separate beds, non-smoking. I have received their confirmation that this would be arranged. Upon check-in, I realised that what I'd done were useless. I was asked whether I'd like smoking or non-smoking room, and so I had to repeat all my special requests.2. The room given was not prepared for 3 persons. The staff at check-in told they would come to add a bed. Until we'd wait in the room for an unreasonable length of time and my chase call, no one came in to add an extra bed or provide one more set of things including the slippers, cups for our immediate use.3. The bell boy didn't each time tell the taxi driver where we were going and I had to say it myself (but the boy had asked us where we were going beforehand).4. Front desk staff are not informative. A staff even gave me wrong information on the hotel lounges.5. At breakfast which is a buffet, used plates were always not collected.Shanghai has so many famous 5 star hotels and I don' t think this should be the one recommended.	
May 4 2009 	Still the one...	I stayed at this &quot;new&quot; hotel in 1994 and have been coming back ever since.In many ways, it's the same hotel improved and upgraded along the way. Demand a renovated room, the old rooms are really old.This stay was on the Executive floor RMB 1900/night. Excellent room, small bathroom (old hotel dimensions) good b-fast and top notch service.China does sometimes overdoes it with the 5-star &quot;everyone must be served&quot; attitude...ask a simple question and get bombarded with answers and solutions until you have to run away to think it all through. All I asked was what time breakfast buffet was finished....Bar on 39th floor still good but needs a serious make-over.I'll be back!	
Apr 23 2009 	This is the place to stay in Shanghai	Being a Hilton Honors member the Hilton Shanghai was my first choice when taking my family to visit family in China. I had read the reviews on trip advisor and was fairly confident with my choice. The stay far exceeded any expectations we had. The hotel is beautiful, convenient and the service is top notch! I felt very comfortable having my teenagers use all the services in the hotel as well as walking around the neighborhood. If there was one issue it would be that there is no gift shop. Should you need a personal item (which was our case) it was hard to communicate with the language barrier what we needed. It would have been nice to just walk in a gift shop and pick up our item! The executive floor services offer 3 servings per day. Aside from the coffee (sorry no Starbucks) everything was fresh and very good. The location is excellent for shopping and dining. Nothing seemed to take more than 15 minutes except of course the airport! Don't think twice. If this is in your budget stay at the Hilton!	
Apr 9 2009 	elegant and comfortable hotel	Very elegant 5* hotel in best location. Service was excellent. Wellness is great (SPA, Sauna, hot tube). The pool has little ambient. Roof bar offers great view and great cocktails.	
Apr 5 2009 	Hilton name still good	I stayed two nights 1/Apr and 2/Apr/09, the room furnitures and bath room bit old and outdate but still very clean. At lease the TV is 40 inch LCD., Also, I enjoy the indoor swimming pool and the sauna room and all gym facility. The opening hours from7:00am till 11:00pm long opening hours, suitable for both Business and Leisure customers can use all the facility at different hours. The breakfast is good, with all different kind of foods both in Chinese and European. I enjoy my staying at this hoteland the prices is very reasonable. Also, only a short walking distance (about 5 mins)from the underground to the hotel. I will use this hotel next time.	
Mar 24 2009 	Renovated rooms are nice	I have stayed at this hotel several times in the last few years. If you get one of the renovated rooms, you get the updated furnishings in the bedroom, (flat screen TV and nice work desk etc) but the older rooms have very dated furniture and questionable electrical cord/outlets. Bathroom could use renovation as well. There seems to be no price difference, so I would ask for renovated room even if the room size is smaller. Most of the time, there's a line at the front desk for check-in/check-out, so I recommend giving yourself some extra time for check-out in the morning. The hotel has a very nice fitness room with state of the art equipment. If you are in the mood for going out for dinner, I'd recommend extra time waiting in line for taxi in the evening as well.	
Mar 1 2009 	very pleasing choice	stayed here in Feb 09 on a sale rate available from the hotel website, excellent value, i think we were in a very basic room category but was quite pleased with the state of the room, very clean and comfortable and a nice view over french concession townhouses.had absolutely no problems with check in and all services. its a very busy hotel so you can be as anonymous as you like or take up the many services, depends on your style. the breakfast in the lobby was good, nice atmosphere and good range. however the taste of shanghai water is rather heavily chemicalised, not the hotels fault though.people have talked about the location being far from the bund and peoples square main drag, well, shanghai is a huge city so i guess it depends on what areas you want to visit as to whether the location is a problem. we found the location good for exploring the western side of the city, jingan temple nearby, french concession area at the doorfront, and with the subway not too far away it is easy to get to other areas. the hotel is also right next to an overhead expressway so its easy to get in and out.gym facilities were good, heaps of cardio machines and about 6-7 life fitness machines, some fitness classes available too. indoor pool was lovely, also a good size. jacuzzi, sauna and steam was clean, attractive and well run. in sum, a great choice, would definitely go back.	
Feb 22 2009 	Upscale but Inconvenient	Impressive service, style, and rooms for a Hilton, though not very friendly for a first-time visitor looking to explore the city by foot &amp; metro. Location was a five minute walk from the closest subway station, and a difficult one at that with luggage due to the pedestrian overpasses without working escalators. Highlight was &quot;The Penthouse&quot; bar up on the 38th floor, which was a relaxing, friendly place to wrap my busy days.	
Dec 19 2008 	Not up to Hilton Standards	Upon arrival we were charged an additional amount for the full board we had booked on line, due to an increase. The price was too expensive for the quality of food we were offered.The weather was just turning cool but the heat was on full blast. If you turned the thermostat to AC, the heat came on instead. We complained and the front desk said it was &quot;heat time&quot; and it could not be changed. Tempature at night was 80 degrees.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great Staff and Executive Lounge	We recently stayed at the Shanghai Hilton. We were in town for business meetings and the location was fairly convenient to my husbands meetings.We loved the Executive Lounge. They were very attentive and had a great breakfast in the mornings. I think by my 3rd day there the staff at the Executive Lounge knew that I always had a Diet Coke around 11am and when I would walk in they were ask &quot;diet coke?&quot;. Very nice and attentive.The lobby was always very active with lots of people meeting and chatting. Great vibe. Lobby bar was a good place to be at the end of the day.The hotel probably had like 5 or 6 restaurants. I had lunch at least once at the Atirum restaurant. They have a menu lunch or buffet lunch.The location was good and the room had the usual amenities.Bottom line: Good hotel with great atmosphere and very attentive friendly staff.We would stay there again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Consistently high quality	Stayed at this property many times before.This time I managed to get a brand-new (at least that's how it smelled) business room on the executive floor. Two short nights unfortunately did not allow a visit to the executive lounge.Extremely functional and nice room, loved the bed and the bathroom was also very nicely decorated.Enjoyed the breakfast downstairs at the Lobby level; great choice (nice German choice). Incredibly efficient.All in all, a very convenient hotel in great location. Not too far from the old Shanghai airport but about 45 to 60 minutes drive to Pudong Airport.An extremely well oiled machinery; super staff, well done!	
Sep 24 2008 	Good!	Stayed here 3 nights Saturday - Tuesday - on business trip. Nice room - and very nice staff in the lobby area, very helpful and very friendly - one of the best I've experienced.Only thing that I can complain on is that one breakfast, the breakfast area was a little busy - and the attention was not up to standard. Had to ask hunt down the waiters for coffee. The other 2 days was alright.	
Aug 29 2008 	A bit business orientated but not bad	Not a bad hotel, good foyer though nothing spectacular, quite a good area close to the French quarter and quite good for getting out and about.. The rooms are not bad,, smallish for European Chinese hotels and there is ample supplies of everything you need. Overall adequate and above average. Okay value for money. I stayed twice so i felt it was worth another go. There are better hotels in Shanghai, but for the money which is again pretty average you get well looked after. Would i go again. Yes but i would always feel i did fine but it is not all that memorable.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great Value	I've stayed at a LOT of hotels in China and this is one of the best values for the money. It's not the Ritz, the Four Seasons or other 5 star international hotels. But it's clean and nice, the bed is comfortable, the room service was fast and good, the gym and spa are excellent and the service was impeccable. They went out of their way, from the doormen, to the housekeepers to the room service stewards, to be friendly and helpful. I'll definitely stay here again.The only negative is that the Internet connection was slow and the TV one of the older and smaller tube versions. But these are small relative to all of the positives.	
Aug 3 2008 	Very good and getting better	This is the second time that I have stayed at this centrally located, business oriented hotel. The level of service remains very high and the hotel is obviously aspiring to maintain its high level of service with a major remodeling of 7 or so floors.Although this is a business oriented hotel, I recommend it for families and tourists (solo or group) because, in the former case (at the time of writing), breakfast is free for kids under 18, and because in the latter case the hotel is very well run and well located. It is close to the Jing an temple subway, Shanghai's two major airports--though it is closer to Hongqiao than the Pudong airport, and in walking distance of several atttractions/major streets (it is about 15 minutes to Huai Hai Lu and 30-45 minutes to the best part of Huai Hai Lu).If you are a business traveler, you absolutely should work on your Hilton Honors points because if you are a member with sufficient status, you may have a chance to upgrade to the Executive floor as well as to take advantage of the wonderful Executive Lounge (which offers breakfast, cocktail hour, and some other nice amenities). Of course, you can always pay to stay on the Executive Floor, but it is not cheap.Given the aforementioned remodeling/reconstruction, you should check carefully as to the location of your room as this may affect noise levels.As with many other places in Shanghai, there is construction in the environs of the hotel. So far this has not eliminated the cheap restaurants/small shops in the area so take advantage of these options while you can.Unless prices change dramaticaly, I would definitely stay at this hotel again the next time I am in Shanghai.HINT: Do ask for a view East as you may be able to see the Jin Mao and International Financial Centers (two of Shanghai's tallest buildings) and the Pearl TV tower.	
Jul 21 2008 	Stay with a baby	Nice hotel, in line with Hilton standards. The location is not so close to the most interesting places in Shanghai, like Bund, People Square (and his museums), Pudong, Yu Gardens. Around the hotel there are not so much places for dinner, but Xintiandi is at 10 minutes by taxi. I travelled with a baby and the staff helped me for everything (babycot and highchair in the room, for example). Breakfast and dinner had a good choice of dishes.	
Jul 9 2008 	Wonderful hotel in a great location	First trip to Shanghai. We loved the property from the staff attitudes to the large, airy lobby and restaurants to the very comfortable rooms. It is away from the downtown mob and Pudong construction, is close to many restaurants in the French Concession, and is a half-block away from the metro. When space was available, we were upgraded to the executive floors with its first-rate club lounge. Before that, we were comped a very nice breakfast in the downstairs lobby. Very attractive property with great workout facilities. When not eating at local restaurants, we enjoyed the upstairs Sichuan restaurant very much.The Jing'an Temple metro stop (Line 2) is just across the freeway, a five minute walk with an elevated walkway to get across the main street. The metro was far more convenient for many destinations than a cab and made trips to People's Square, East Nanjing Road, and Pudong fast and reliable. Escalators (almost always working) made the short trip between the metro and hotel even easier. With lots of luggage, a cheap 11 yuan taxi ride gets you to/from the hotel.Since the hotel is in the French Concession, many good restaurants are within walking distance or a very short taxi ride. Plus, there are lots of trees, some nice parks, and no crush of high-rise buildings.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great Stay	Great stay in a well organised hotel with excellent facilities.View and service from 39th floor bar impressive.The best hotel I have stayed at in Shanghai Can thoroughly recommend.The food was good as well.Visitor from New Zealand	
Jun 3 2008 	Wow! What a GREAT place!	This was my 5th trip to Shanghai, but the first time in the Shanghai Hilton. To start with, one on the Assistant Managers met me at the curb, by name, and escorted me to a private desk where she promptly checked me into the hotel. This is typical of the customer service at this hotel. Every employee greats you with a simple hello or even nod of the head, and are always there for questions, directions, etc. I upgraded to the &quot;executive&quot; floor which offered free drinks and heavy snacks in the evening, I believe from 6 to 8. The lounge was located on one of the higher floors (26 I think and has a great view of the city. They also offer a full breakfast included in the &quot;upgrade&quot;. Again, the staff in the executive lounge was great!!I ate in the hotel the first night and the buffet was very good and reasonably priced. There are several restauraunts and bars in the hotel. I recommend the Penthouse bar, which has an amazing view of the city!As for location, there appears to be lots around the hotel, althought I really did not get out and wander around much. As in other parts of the city, I felt very safe getting out and walking around, there is little crime there and it &quot;feels'&quot; very much like a western city.The room iteself was very comfortable and looked new. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Shanghai.	
May 1 2008 	Great - would stay there again	Stayed two nights on business. Very nice room, nice breakfast with good atmosphere in the restaurant, nice bakery, etc. Will stay there again next time I visit Shanghai, no question.	
Apr 1 2008 	Treated like a King - Huge Executive Lounge	I stayed for 3 nights, since I am a HH Gold was directed to executive lounge upon check in. This lounge has just opened up in late January and is impressive. It is Huge, wraps around the entire east and south side. Many plasma tv and tasteful Chinese decoration. Since someone else was being checked in, I was invited to sit down in one of the many sofas and enjoy a welcome cocktail. Staff was extremely friendly, the best English speaking staff I have had in China. Remembered my name throughout the 3 days. Was given an executive floor upgrade, full access to lounge for breakfast, afternoon hot and cold snacks, plenty that it was enough for my dinner. Free internet. Free drinks from 5-7, I tried for first time Chinese wine and was impressed, and I am a fan of wine. Room was spacious, all amenities of a Hilton, welcome fruit, flowers and chocolates in a nice bamboo box. Large plasma tv. One day after being exhausted of walking the entire day, used the spa, very nice. Had relaxing rooms, steam, sauna, hot tubs, etc. Large indoor pool. Offers spinning, yoga, free weights. Very nice spa.The location is on the west side of the city, can be distant if you want to stick to Bund or Pudong, but it is a quick cab ride away, quicker by metro. I got there from airport by taking Maglev, then transferring to metro line 2. You get out by the jing an temple, walk south one block towards park and elevated highway, take pedestrian overpass the had non functioning escalators which was a hugr nuisance and then the Hilton is on the right hand side. Easy to get around by subway. It is on the west end of French concession area, so a 10-15 minute walk to central area of French concession area and Huaihai road. Overall excellent service, best executive lounge that I have been to date. Only con would be location if you want to be on Nanjing road, Bund or Pudong, but personally would not be willing to give up service and amenities for location for the rate I was paying.	
Feb 2 2008	As Nice as It Gets	The Hilton brand offers some hotels of questionable luxury but this locaton rivals The Four Seasons which, for me, is the best.The room decor and service were impecable. Standard rooms come with flat screen television and very comfortable comtemporary furniture. The suite are large and with large tv's in the master suites and a control panel at bedside.The American breakfasts are sumptous. The service is excellent.Even the doorman will take special care to direct the taxi driver to tthe exact location to wish you wish to travel.	
Jan 22 2008 	Good location	I stayed for 3 nights in early Dec 2007 at the Hilton. It is located near the French Concession area. As expected of a business hotel, it was clean and efficient. The staff were courteous, helpful and spoke English.	
Jan 5 2008 	Not as bad as some reviews	I was a little apprehensive about booking at the Shanghai Hilton after reading some of the reviews here but my stay was pretty nice. I booked two Pointstretcher Award rooms for six nights over Christmas. I arranged for an airport pickup from the hotel at PVG and we were transported very comfortably in a minivan. We were met on arrival by an Assistant Manager and escorted to the VIP check-in area. We were upgraded to adjoining rooms on the Executive Floor and these were the refurbished rooms with Plasma TVs and very comfortable beds. The bathroom was a little on the small side but modern with marble countertops. The shower was in the bathtub with both a hand shower and an overhead showerhead. The shower curtain, however, did not do a very good job and there was always a puddle on the floor after each shower. My only other complaint was that there were not enough drawers for our clothes. Other than those minor inconveniences, the room was very nice. The room attendants were excellent and our rooms were always made up and cleaned by the time we finished breakfast every morning. We were comped breakfast at the Executive Lounge on the 39th Floor and the food selection was more than adequate although the Dim Sum was usually far from hot. There were also eggs cooked to order. The location was very good and within walking distance to the shops on Huaihai Road and Xintiandi although I would advise taking a very inexpensive taxi ride. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and courteous. The only major complaint I had was the buffet at the cafe on the ground floor. It was, by far, the worst buffet I have ever had at a major hotel in Asia. They had themed nights for the buffet and we ate on a Sunday night which was International night. The selections were scarce and the quality of the food was poor. Whatever I was served at the carving station didn't qualified as meat and the sushi were not fresh. Anyway, that was my only real complaint about the hotel and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Jan 3 2008 	Expensive 	This is one of the most expensive hotels I've stayed at in China. Although the service is excellent the rooms are pretty worn out and are comparable to a standard hotel costing a lot less. The food was poor plus you even get charged for breakfast. Its unpleasent or anything, just tired and extremely expensive.	
Dec 25 2007 	Overall a very nice stay.	My stay there was on November 27 and 28, 2007.Having been to Shanghai several times, I've always liked the French Concession. Last time (September) I stayed at the Westin in the Bund. While the hotel was nice enough, it felt as if were being nickeled and dimeed to death and the charges for things like bottled water, a restaurant snack, etcetera, were exorbitant. And, while many of the staff were nice enough, there were several seemed a bit arrogant in terms of attitude.The Hilton is in the French Concession. It's a nice place to walk and meander about yet convenient to much of Shanghai. The greeting we received was warm and welcoming and we were sent off the the Hilton Honors desk to check in. We were helped by an extremely professional woman named Willa and she indicated that both rooms had been upgraded. Upon arriving at the rooms, we found a box of chocolates, a basket of fruit and bottled water to welcome us.The rooms we stayed in were neat, clean, and in fine condition although a few years old in terms of decor. Despite that, we had no complaints. We also noticed that renovations/modifications were under way. The beds were nicely appointed and very comfortable--that counts for a lot!Complimentary breakfast was served on the 39th floor (they were renovating one of the usual breakfast locations. Selection was reasonable, although one morning the staff was slow to replenish the food in the chafing dishes.I needed to use the business center for some posters and color copying. There were a few language challenges (I have yet to find a Chinese hotel where there aren't!) but the staff were eager to please.The cafe off the lobby offers a great menu selection with choices to please a traveler from just about any part of the world. They also have themed nights in the restaurant. We took some guests to he dinner buffet and they were very happy with the food and the selection.All in all, the stay there was great. It has the feel and friendliness of a smaller property with the amenities and service that the better managed Hilton properties offer. I'd highly recommend it and will return there again.	
Dec 10 2007 	Getting a little tired but still nice	Very nice, efficient, but anonymous business hotel. The food quality was fantastic. Room was looking a bit tired and could use renovating - for example, peeling paper in bathroom with mold behind... Very good service as with most top hotels in China.	
Nov 30 2007 	Very good service	Because I generally stay at Hiltons when I can (I'm a Diamond, or top-level member), I didn't read the Trip Advisor reviews before booking (or staying) at this hotel. The reviews seem really mixed, and after staying at this property, I can understand why (though I believe, on average, that it's a pretty good hotel). The staff are exceptionally helpful and courteous, and the newly redecorated rooms are very attractive and comfortable (though I don't believe the furnishings, etc., are of the highest quality). All of my restaurant meals were from room service, which was perfectly fine and beautifully served. I thought the location was fine, as well, with good (inexpensive) taxis readily available and a metro station relatively nearby (I walked the 10-15 minutes to the location where I was conducting business). In all, I thought the hotel was a bit pricey, but the service was good, and the room was fine (it will be interesting to see the business floor lounge, when it eventually reopens). One odd thing still bothers me, however -- and maybe it's simply my inexperience with traveling in extremely humid climates. On the day that I checked out (after having stayed there for several days), I was surprised to see a cockroach walking around by the telephone. I know that roaches appear from time to time, but I don't recall seeing one in a hotel for a very long time, and I've never seen one before at a Hilton. I realize that by reporting this here, I may discourage some future guest from staying at this hotel. To be clear, I will stay here again -- without hesitation. However, I do find this a bit odd. In all (other than my little &quot;room mate&quot;) , this is a fine hotel, and I would encourage anyone to consider staying here if the location and price were appropriate for your needs.	
Nov 8 2007 	Much improved great stay	My agent booked me at the Hilton for one night, and despite the negative reviews here I decided to stay on my way through Shanghai. I was very pleasantly surprised by the experience. The room was freshly remodeled in a very modern style and the staff was consistently friendly and helpful. Room service food was good, and the view from the top-floor lounge was nice.	
Oct 29 2007 	High Standards at the Hilton	Spent three nights at the Shanghai Hilton on business.This is a towering skyscraper of a hotel, reasonably well placed for business in this sprawling city.As previous posts have indicated, it does look a little dated, and the bedrooms could possibly benefit from an update. That said, it is nevertheless an international hotel of high quality, with all the amenities you could wish for during a business stay.The bedroom was comfortable, if a little old fashioned. The bathroom was very good indeed, with a huge bath and marble fittings.The conference facilities are very good indeed. There is wifi in all public areas, but unfortunately not free. There are a number of restaurants, both Chinese and western, and all are of high quality. There is a pleasant bar at the top of the hotel, with spectacular views of the city. Lounge areas on the ground flood are very comfortable, with regular live musical entertainment from very good artists.Staff throughout the hotel are delightful and very anxious to please.This is a very good hotel of international standard. It is deservedly five star, despite the need for updating.	
Oct 29 2007 	Quality has gone down	Seems as if the quality of this hotel is slipping. I stayed in a newly renovated executive floor room. I was upgraded for free. Ok, nice, but now I wish that they had left me in a &quot;regular&quot; room. These new rooms are poorly planned and badly maintained. Outlets are sparce and in inconvenient locations. No outlets near the bedstands, for example. No ironing board or iron in the room. Maybe they think that people staying in these rooms never iron their own clothes after a flight. I do. So, I had to call for an iron and ironing board to be brought up. What a mess! Very poor quality board, low, and the iron itself leaked. Ok. What could happen next. Well next up is the desk lamp, which has a special plug for a special outlet. It is so special, that it will not stay plugged in securely, and the lamp flickers whenever I move my chair. The lamp itself will not stay adjusted to illuminate the entire desk, because no one maintains the adjustment. So, it just sadly droops to the side and illuminates just the inside section of the large glass (yes glass!) desk...The bathroom has a very modern &quot;artsy&quot; decor, but it is just barely functional. There is no separate shower stall. For a room that costs this much (2150 RMB, my company's special rate), one would think that they might have that. I think that I must be spoiled from staying at the Shangri-La in Pudong (same price, but much nicer room and bathroom, AND everything works!).Well, I have stayed in this Hilton at least 3 to 4 times per year over the past 4 years. I have never seen a room like this in this particular Hilton property. Oh well...this is just my first night. Perhaps it will get better later in the week.	
Oct 13 2007	Very good	The Hilton Shanghai is well located, the rooms are everything you would expect from a Hilton. I booked a standard King and thought it was a very good room, high quality bed and bedding, nice bathroom. Staff was great. Laundry and business center are ridiculously overpriced, but other than that, no complaints at all.	
Sep 23 2007 	Great if you want a massage in your room	I stayed here three nights. On the first night I walk into the elevator, and was joined, from nowhere by a girl who didn't press any floor buttons. Weird. On my final night, same thing, another girl except this time &quot;hi.... Like massage?... very nice...: I said no thanks but she persisted in following me to my room, and I had to shut the door in her face.Otherwise this place is shabby and tired, and needs a visit from a wrecking ball.	
Aug 19 2007 	Stay away at least for now	Currently staying at this hotel I can only strongly advise you to stay elsewhere. I have stayed in many of the other premium hotels in the city and chose the Hilton this time to see what it was like. Being a Gold VIP member I made an online reservation including airport transfer and reconfirmed this with another email directly to the hotel. The greeter at arrivals at the airport did not have my reservation and was not helpful at all. Even when I called the hotel I got the uninterested advise to just take a taxi.Arrival is a pretty crammed affair, nothing nice about it although valet was very present. The lobby is nice enough but the check-in behind the counter looks very old and worn. Reservation details were wrong, hard to understand when it was made electronically. Service was friendly even when telling me that the Executive Lounge was closed for renovations.My &quot;Deluxe&quot; room 2121 was anything but deluxe and simply bad. Already had a musty smell when I entered and the room interior is simply unacceptable at a price where one can stay at 10 other premium hotels for the same or less and get a MUCH better product. It was seriously not much better than a Motel 6. On the positive side it was clean and the bed was comfortable but that was about it. Cheap tacky decor which was well worn and should have been replaced years ago. As I am writing this on the scratched desk I am looking at the wheel and base of the bed and listening to construction noise above and annoying whistling sounds from my bay window. I called to change rooms but apparently they are all the same with the possible exception of the suites. Rather than paying extra in this 2-3 start hotel I will try to check out early and find a better place.Hilton Shanghai? Defnitely not again for me!	
Aug 13 2007 	Exemplary hotel and good service	The amount of brown marble in the Hilton lobby gives a vaguely dated impression, but this is offset by the quality of the rooms, a convenient location and the service.The reason I am writing this review is more related to the service. The concierge in Shanghai was exceptional. I had a number of requests and all the staff were English speaking and exceptionally helpful. In a country where it is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood (even with a rudimetary grasp of Mandarin) this makes all the difference. If I return to Shanghai I would stay here again.	
Aug 12 2007 	A very good option for different kinds of travelers	I selected this hotel primarily because it was a Hilton hotel. This is the 3rd hotel I have utilized in Shanghai (one more expensive and another cheaper) and I would rank it as quite good.The hotel largely has the feel and features of a business hotel. It is priced accordingly in terms of the cost of items in the bar, the hotel restaurants, business services, room rates, and so on. The hotel is very Western, but I guess this is not surprising given that it is a Hilton hotel.The hotel has a good business services office. I used both Internet and printing services, though, as noted, the services can be expensive. The staff at the hotel also were very professional and conversed easily in English. I used the concierge staff to make train reservations and they were quite helpful. The housekeeper did any excellent job keeping my room in good shape and observing my living patterns (e.g., she regularly refilled the hot water pot since I was using it). On a related note, I raised some issues with the hotel manager and I quickly got a response and even a visit from management upon my departure.The hotel is not that far from the subway and is well served by taxis. Across from the hotel, there are a number of restaurants and bars. Some of these restaurants have English language menus and some Western style breakfast options. If you speak any Mandarin, then I would encourage you to voyage to some of the restaurants in a 2-3 block radius of the hotel. There is 1 historical site of some note near the hotel as well as 1 large shopping complex.My room, which was on the 14th floor, offered a decent view. It was spacious and well equipped. My only complaint about my room was that the desk/chair set up was not appropriate for those doing a lot of computer work. I was told the hotel was going to remodel some rooms.While I primarily recommend this hotel for business travelers, I think it is good for tourists and others needing a versatile and well run hotel.	
Jul 16 2007 	Nice place in Shanghai	Hilton Shanghai is a comfortable place to stay for 1 night in a double room I've paid about 1300 rmb.When you arrive at Pudong Airport you can easily go to one of the hoteldesks, Chinese are selling rooms at almost every hotel.Its certainly worth asking several desks ( price vary ! ).When you made your choice at one of the desks the staff will show you several hotels. As a foreigner just pick a wellknown hotel like Hilton, Howard Johnsson, Okura etc.The staff will offer you a price, just go and negotiate and you will save at least 300 rmb! And sometimes a free taxi to your Hotel.Ok, let's get back to the Hilton;Check-in goes fast altough there are lots of guests, porters assist you at all times with your luggage.The rooms are large and have big windows and nice views.Rooms are equipt with Wifi, 2 large chairs, 2 telephones, minibar en a good clean bathroom with ammenities. The beds are large and sleep soft!The room is equipt with a good guestdirectory wich offers you information about the Hotel and Shanghai's hotspots.A plus for me is the variety of people staying in the Hilton, in some Shanghai hotel's your staying with only businessman.Overhere are students, tourists, businessman and Chinese so contact in for example the bar is easily made!The restaurants are nice and provide good healthy food, also the roomservice menu is large and offers very good choices like;Jetlagmenus, American Cuisine, French Cuisine etc.Lots of taxis in front of the hotel and one big plus; everyone citizen know's the Hilton! So you cant get lost.Overall; good value for money, nice clean and save place to stay, relatively nearby all big Shanghai Hotspots!	
Jun 30 2007 	Stay iin Shang all the time	stay at a old Astor Hotel on my trips to Shang - 4 a year, had a flight d/x'd and Hilton came though quickly to get me a room - great room, and great staff. If you do not know Shanghia, then go safe, this is a solid place to stay	
Jun 24 2007 	Incredible Service	The service was outstanding, and the concierge service was incredible. They were very helpful, the recommendations were always great, and their directions to the taxis were always spot on (important when the taxi drivers don't speak English). The rooms were like typical Hilton rooms. Nice, but nothing incredible nor creatively decorated. The room was very comfortable and clean. Room service was great. It was actually cheaper to order breakfast room service vs eating at the buffet. Go figure. Room service, minibar and internet service made it an easy place to get work done while on the road. The workout room was really nice. Lots of cardio equipment and weight machines. The hotel is not on the Bund, but it was still really easy to get there. Just a cheap taxi ride away. The Hilton location was a little easier for business, because we didn't have to deal with the Bund congestion. Next time I'll probably stay on the Bund just to see what I might be missing. Overall though I was very happy with this hotel.	
May 14 2007 	Ok but rooms could do with a face lift	Stayed here for 8 night from 5th May. The hotel is located about a 5 minute walk from the subway line 2 stop &quot;Jing an temple&quot;. From here it is 3 stops into the main shopping area of Nanjing road (or 2 stops, if you want the upmarket shopping, or where the fakes are at 580 Najing Road W or a short taxi ride)From Pudong, taxi takes about 50-60minutes (non peak hour) and should cost Rmb150.Hotel was ok, but I have stayed in Hiltons which are better.Positives: good location, generally friendly staff, large bed, great bathroom amenities (from Crabtree &amp; Evelyn).Negatives: Aside from Saturday morning, I had to queue every day for the breakfast. though it went reasonably fast, It still takes a good 5-10 minutes before you are seated. Rooms as mentioned above are a bit out dated, TV was old and did not work that well, bathroom is small, hairdryer is the old style and if your neighbours speak loud / tv loud, you will hear it in your room.With that said above, all the negatives are minor, and I would stay here again due to location and the fact I can walk to my companies office and avoid the nightmare of peak hour traffic jams.	
May 8 2007 	Good Value during Labor Day Holiday	My third stay in this hotel. The entire hotel is little bit dated butwell maintained. Room is clean and very good service.Breakfast is chaotic because so many people (breakfast is till 10:30AM). Waited 10 minutes for a table on the 3rd day. But waiters/waitress, captains, managers were trying to do their best. Reason there are so many people staying in Hilton is they have a special price of RMB678 (each day) which is abt US$87 for local Chinese including breakfast for two during the Labor Day Golden Week Holiday. My price is US$295 per person including Dragon Air Hong Kong to Shanghai return and 3 nights in Hilton(on twin share basis) with daily breakfast. So it is a good deal	
Mar 11 2007 	Historic Hilton	If your looking for a bit of a history then this may be the place for you. Friends in Shanghai tell me this is one of the first five star hotels in Shanghai and looks like not much has changed since it was originally built. The rooms are dated, bathrooms pokey and the walls paper thin- was able to hear conversations and TV next door (without a glass to the wall) which disturbed sleep. For a supposed 5 star hotel , at approx. US$230 per night, expected more.In its favour it does have a good location and the top floor bar is fantastic. If looking for a 5 star hotel in Shanghai I would first look at Shangri La or Hyatt.	
Mar 8 2007 	Great Hotel	Great hotel, nice big spacious rooms, very clean. Staff were very friendly and the bar at the top has a fantastic view and serves great drinks. Definately reccomend it, its also really close to the markets for the shopping!	
Feb 26 2007 	Great Hotel	Great hotel, great location...I have stayed here for the past 6 years and love coming back. The staff are friendly and very helpful, nothing is too much trouble for them.Rooms are okay and could do with some upgrading but overall cleanliness and standard of the hotel is fantastic. Food in the main atrium restauant is superb and although a bit expensive it is definately worth the experience. Stay here with confidence !!	
Dec 1 2006 	Fantastic Hilton!	My partner and I stayed at the Hilton Shanghai in early November 2006 and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.We had come to Shanghai from Hong Kong where we stayed in the Conrad, which was awesome, so the Hilton had a lot to live up to, which it did. As it was our anniversary, I had arranged a bouquet of flowers to be in the room upon our arrival. When we checked in, a lady came rushing over to us from guest relations explaining that the flowers were in the room and we were presented with complimentary breakfast vouchers and ones for the spa, too.The room we had was very spacious, had a lovely corner window which looked out over the rooftops of the local neighborhood. The bouquet of the sweetest smelling flowers was in the room and they had even thrown some petals over the bedspread which was very lovely. The bathroom was clean and very spacious, too. The best bit about the hotel however is the spa. Located on the 4th floor, you have to go there when you are there. There's quite a good gym with lots of modern equipment, a very good pool and a fantastic sauna/jacuzzi/steam room set up, which we seemed to use quite a bit; having walked the streets of Shanghai most days, we were in need of a good foot soak. We also booked in for a spa special massage which involved quite a hefty massage and facial. Lovely.The exec floor lounge was good too. Every evening from 5-8 we were invited to go for drinks and snacks and nothing was too much trouble for the staff. The only comment I would have to make is that it is a small lounge and therefore does get full quickly, mostly by American business guys, some of whom can get quite loud. ;o)Every morning we had breakfast in the lobby area, which was kind of weird to begin with but quaint nonetheless. Service was impeccable, so that counted for a lot.In all, a great hotel if you are visiting Shanghai. We were there on vacation, as always, we did local things, such as walked to the subway (Jiang Temple - around 5 mins walk) and got a taxi and Maglev back to Pudong airport. It all added to the experience, which was a fantastic one all in all.	
Nov 27 2006 	Awesome Hilton	Recently, my partner and I had the great pleasure of staying at the Shanghai Hilton.Upon our arrival at the airport, there was a very comfortable and clean car awaiting us with a very courteous driver,who although he spoke limited English was very helpful .Upon arrival we were shown to a large room with a great view on the 29th floor. The bathroom was very clean and we found a bootle of champagne and abowl of fruit and some chocolates awaiting us.The room-service staff were extremely courteous as were the Bar staff and the Housekeeping personnel. The Penthouse Bar became a regular final drinks stop.The Restaurant , also on the top floor was excellent and the food sumptuous.Breakfast in The Atrium was excellent and after the first day, the staff remembered how we liked our tea and coffe and brought it straight away. The concierge and food and beveridge staff were extremely helpful with names of other places to eat and drink plus great pieces of advice on out of the way places to see.Having stayed in sveral other Hilton Hotels, we would have to rate this as one of their best.	
Sep 14 2006 	Loved the Hilton	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Hilton Shanghai for 3 days Sept 10-12th. We were HH Gold, and were given an executive floor room on the 35th floor with a fabulous view of the Bund. It was our anniversary and the staff had wine, fruit &amp; chocolates waiting on us.We found the room to be larger than expected (we were expecting the tiny room that we find in most major cities). The maid service was outstanding. Our room was always cleaned with in 30 min of hanging the sign from the door handle.We used the gym and spa, and found it to be better than adequate. Steam room/jaccuzzi was amazing after our 15 hour flight! Our breakfast on the executive floor was wonderful. Service was outstanding and food was excellent. I can not say enough great things about the executive staff! I realize that the breakfast buffett in the Atrium area was very highly priced...but aren't they all, especially in big cities?? I'm sure the concierage can offer other great b-fast suggestions - or when in doubt there are at least 4 Starbucks w/in walking distance.The highlight of our trip was the concierage. He was so helpful to us, in every way imaginable. He wrote taxi destinations for us at least 3x each day, and was great at making suggestions for tours and dinners. Truly outstanding service.Just a note: in speaking with one of the executive floor staff members, it was mentioned that all of the rooms were going to be re-done in the next year. For those who had less impressive rooms than ours, it appears that this will change, soon!One thing caught our attention - when ever we asked for directions, all staff members told us to take a taxi - that very few things were walkable. We found this odd, b/c we walked to many destinations (Temple, People's Square area, etc). We felt that either people don't do long walks in China OR that the staff was afraid that we'd get lost.... our advice..find a map and start exploring!!Try the Massage Parlor around the corner ($7 USD for a full hour massage!). We also LOVED M on the Bund, the International Pearl Market, Yu Garden, &amp; 1221 Restaurant.All in all, wonderful Hilton that met our expectations and Hilton standards. Great location in a great city. We would stay there again.	
Sep 9 2006	Disappointing. Neglected rooms no longer worthy of Hilton name.		
Jun 22 2006	Great hotel and a great location		
Apr 17 2006	Highly Recommend the Shanghai Hilton		
Mar 14 2006 	Hilton Shanghai - not up to Hilton standard		
Mar 7 2006 	Quite comfortable and GREAT location		
Dec 16 2005 	OK		
Nov 23 2005	Great Service at the Shanghai Hilton		
Jul 7 2005 	Great service at the Hilton		
Nov 8 2009 	???????????		
Oct 27 2009 	???????????????		
Oct 8 2009 	??????????		
Sep 6 2009 	Excellent Hotel d'affaires		
Sep 3 2009 	????????????????????????		
Aug 17 2009 	??????		
Aug 12 2009 	??????????????		
Apr 16 2009	hoch modern und faszinierend		
Mar 26 2009 	???????????????		
Mar 12 2009 	?????????		
Feb 14 2009 	??????		
Feb 12 2009	????????(??)		
Sep 25 2008 	?????????		
Jul 28 2008 	Mitigé		
Jul 1 2008 	Hilton Shanghai		
Nov 7 2007 	No esta mal		
Aug 6 2007 	gute lage - guter service - nix zu meckern!		
