	Rather Expensive for The Room Size	If the price was reduced by say USD 20 to USD 30, I would say it is reasonable. The Hotel itself is good, however, the room is very tightly layed-out. Bed, TV, coffee table, writing table, tiny luggage bench and a bed, all seemed to be squeezed into a small space! Very compact for such a large property. The service at the Front Office when I check-in was swift and professional. My queries for information on internet service and late check-out till 2pm were immediately understood and responded.The breakfast service was also prompt and efficient. Our coffee was continually refilled. The downside of the breakfast service was the layout of the buffet spread. I walked 3 rounds and could not find the juices. Eventually, I asked the service staff and was told that the juices were at the entrance! It was totally cut-off from the entire food and fruits line, and it was also beyond the greeters desk, definitely a first of my many experiences in a hotel. Recommended if you are visiting offices in the complex, as it is convenient. Otherwise, the various hotels in the Pudong Area might be better in terms of choices, cost and the room comfort.	
	Nice Business Hotel in Shanghai	nice business hotel in the heart of shanghai.. seems to be quite full even during work days, all the restaurants in the hotel are full most of the time.. stayed there for 3 nights and had very good service from the hotel.. only 5 blocks away from nanjiang shopping district..	
Nov 24 2009 	Stay at the Hilton not the Westin	On a suggestion to break out of my regular routine I decided to change hotels. I am in Shanghai 4 to 6 times a year. I spend 5 to 6 months in China and Taiwan, I usually stay at the Hilton when in Shanghai. Some told me to try the Westin. I did, I suggest you don’t. After a 16 hour flight, a hellish drive here, I’m greeted with wait sir let me help someone who came in after you, oh wait, let me help another person who came in after you. I get to my shoe box size room and wait for my bags. And I wait, and I wait. I called, they said on the way up, and I wait. I thought I go have a drink in the executive lounge, oh no sir you don’t have access. I’m a Platinum SPG member. Sorry sir. First I would hate to see standard room, second I would hate to see how they treat non-high level SPG members. Internet is not free. Horrible stay, I checked out after one day, went back to Hilton, where they treat you like you should be treated I’ll just build hhonors points instead of SPG points. A great location, a beautiful Lobby and good restaurants is not a good enough trade off for internet for a fee, no executive treatment and tiny, tiny, tiny room at 3 times the cost! Stay elsewhere!!!	
Nov 23 2009 	Choose an other one!	Unfriendly staff. Bad, to say the least, breakfast. Never again!!We wrote a complaint and we still wait for the answer!	
Nov 13 2009 	Pleased with our stay.	The Westin is a quick walk to the Bund which is currently under construction. It is about a 15 minute walk to Peoples Square ,the Urban and planning Museum and the Shanghai Museum as well as Nanjing Street for shopping. The lobby is more modern with an attempt at looking tropical with palm trees in the middle bar area. There are several restaurant/eatery choices which were all very good. Our room had a living area that could be closed off from the sleeping area giving our daughter privacy with her, as she said, &quot;comfy&quot; rollaway bed. The bathroom was a nice size with seperate tub and shower. The shower was great..it was a rain shower. The room had free internet.	
Nov 9 2009	Fine Hotel	Traveled with a land/cruise tour. Finished the tour in Shanghai. Hotel was lovely. Room with 2 beds was huge, bathroom also huge. Business center was always available, service was prompt. Bottled water was always promptly brought if we needed more. Had a corner room, &amp; watching the traffic &amp; accidents was entertaining while it rained. Buffet meals were excellent, though it was hard to find all the offerings as the offerings went into other areas. Dining area has lots of steps so was particularly difficult for handicapped folks and tricky to manuveur through if one wasn't handicapped.	
Nov 7 2009 	Usual Westin standard exec floor good slow on service though	Well placed for walking to Yuan Bazaar and Gardens, the Bund ( an expo 2010 building site at the moment), restaurants, etc. There are plenty of small 7/11 type stores directly opposite the hotel too. Taxi rank on site. Close to metro system.Stayed on the 22nd Exec floor which offered a well equipped room. Usual heavenly bed, computer station (great plug system which lets you plug any type of electric item from anywhere in the world straight in), small fridge/in room bar, safe, chaise, really lovely bathroom with separate shower and bath. Nice well lit roomy cupboard and drawers for clothing, plus drawers for your toiletries in the vanity, something most &quot;trendy&quot; hotels forget these days!Concierge was helpful, always get them to write down where you are going in Chinese before you leave the hotel, and remember to take the hotel's Chinese printed info for getting back. Most taxi drivers do not speak English in Shanghai. Concierge organised reheeling of a shoe which was very efficient. Organised restaurant bookings also, especially for some of the smaller local type of Mom and Pop restaurants we decided to try which have no English at all (try a Sichuan Hot Pot restaurant - it is mindblowing!).Ate at the Italian restaurant in the hotel one night as a dairy food craving came over us after being in China for a while, but unfortunately can't recommend it. Think Olive Garden run by Austin Powers. We had a 25 mins wait for our bill after asking twice and being ignored. Not exactly up to standard. Also had a problem waiting 20 mins for a drink at the bar in the atrium area, even though there were very few people in the bar and staff were standing around vacantly. However we had breakfast from the a la carte menu on our last day and the service was excellent. There is a small cafe which makes lattes and sandwiches which we ate breakfast in most days. Service is OK, we had to ask for hot coffee as it was usually tepid, but the sandwiches are nice.The pool facility is OK, you have to hire a swimming cap, and the pool isn't deep, but it is nice to swim looking at the nightlit skyscrapers. Didn't use the business facilities as they charged extra. Odd that you are staying on the exec floor on business and they ding you for use.Overall OK hotel. Would stay again for rooms, not for restaurants or business centre.	
Oct 25 2009 	Top Quality hotel	No ifs or buts, this was a thoroughly enjoyable stay in an attractive and very comfortable hotel. We ate there each evening at a very good Italian restaurant , and we also enjoyed breakfasts and cocktails. Both front desk and Concierges were very helpful. I'd be happy to stay here again. Our room was very comfortable, well laid-out and interestingly designed.A word about Shanghai though. The Bund, maybe their biggest tourist attraction is completely boarded off to pedestrians whilst they put the road underground in preparation for a major trade fair next year. You cannot walk along or even see the river from the Shanghai side and whilst you can walk along next to the buildings that form the Bund but its dusty, its building site, and you can't appreciate the buildings from right underneath. Similary Pudong is a building site. It looks fine from the river - a river cruise is about the only way you're going to see the Pudong skyline or the Bund. Once there however the extent of construction is more than aopparent, nowhere more so than from the observation platforms of the high towers on the Pudong side. Traffic is pretty congested, and getting around for excursions etc is sometimes painfully slow.	
Oct 21 2009 	loved the westin bund center	we got a great rate, the rooms were a decent size for a city. it was centrally located. the staff was amazing. yes, the breakfast buffett was a little pricey, but so worth it. although, we didn't eat sunday brunch, we were in the lobby when it was going on, it was complete with an orchestra and opera singers - it was amazing! the gym and spa were also great. i don't have a bad thing to say about this hotel. i would totally recommend it, as well as stay there again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great place best on my China trip	great location, super friendly staff, to SPA is great, it has his price but unforgetable!Nice Breakfast buffet. very good concierge desk they help you with all needsWill be back!	
Oct 12 2009 	Not value for money	I expected more from this hotel. Apart from the location, very little else to comment postively. There was a lack of information in the rooms regarding restuarants and facilities; apart from the Spa service. This was very over priced, as was the food including breakfast! $40 for a breakfast buffet in China!	
Oct 8 2009	Excellent hotel with great service	The staff was very attentive and the decor of the lobby was unique, with twin glass staircases lit with colors which cycled every few minutes. The breakfast buffet was excellent, offering everything from American to traditional Chinese foods. The group we were traveling with stayed at some very nice hotels across China but this was by far the best.	
Sep 30 2009 	Third Successful Meeting	I arrange meetings for the group I manage and we go to Shanghai for a week every October and are returning this year. The guestroom costs may be a bit on the high side, but for a meeting planner, the meeting space, F&amp;B assistance, food quality and responsiveness of the staff rank very high, not to mention the central location. I also plan meetings in Europe and the US (3 meetings in all each year) and this is the only venue that will remain unchanged for coming years. We alternate the European and US locations between cities, but not the Westin Bund. My group has been very satisfied.	
Sep 15 2009 	As expected Westin standards but let down with concierge advice	Stayed there in early Jan ( 1- 2 weeks before chinese new yr (CNY).) Upgraded us to junior suite. Room fantastic. - huge, nicely decorated and spacious shower room. Generally as what I expected from Westin stays. Walking distance to the bund. Everything was ok with 1 let down. We were seeking advice from 1 young chinese lady at concierge, Westin Bund, on train station to Suzhou ( west bound) but she misguided us to another train station to Hangzhou ( south bound). We reached there to find out huge, huge crowd due to crowds/workers going home for CNY. Struggled through the crowd and waited at tickets counters only to find out we were at wrong station. Wasted our half day. So becareful and check properly the correct station and not tottaly depends on their advice	
Sep 7 2009 	awesome	awesome trip to china this is very nice place to stay staff is amazing, very well located a got a great rate by a mexican agency called viajeshelvetia.com. Hotel has lots of amenities and great views.	
Sep 2 2009 	Amazingly convenient comfortable 	Have just returned from a 4-night stay at The Westin Bund. It was amazing! Extremely comfortable, luxurious and obviously expensive!The hotel is self-contained and it's very easy to forget that there's a big city to see! There are numerous restaurants, bars, a fitness centre and a fabulous spa (which my husband and I highly recommend!) The staff speak excellent english and go out of their way to help. There is loads of info on offer to help with trips and whilst they are expensive, they're organised very well.Our room was also massive! Bigger than our flat at home we worked out! The bed is extremely comfortable and the shower was amazing. All the creature comforts.I know it's an obvious thing to mention, but it's just worth bearing in mind.....everything is extremely expensive. For example, a coffee is £8 and to get a pair of pants washed costs £4. My husband and I have very little self-restraint so spent a fortune!! There was only one thing that upset me a little at the hotel. My husband was approached on 3 occasions by escorts in different parts of the hotel. I didn't mention this to the hotel, but regret this and would next time. The cynic in me says the hotel is aware of this, but I'd like to believe otherwise and don't know for sure. There is obviously a lot of money being thrown around The Westin and there are a lot of business men.......Overall, a great stay and we'd go back (if we ever have the money again!!)	
Aug 31 2009 	Ovepriced not 5 star quality	I spent 6 nights here as my first time in Shanghai. I was originally going to go with the Grand Hyatt but this hotel seemed to be better situated on the Puxi side, close to People's Square, Nanjing Road, Yu Gardens and the airport, as well as closer to the train stations. I had booked the hotel through hotels.com and I've upgraded myself to one of the newer rooms for something like 120 yuan more per night. However, I was not impressed at all with the room decor; it all seemed tacky and not warm at all - more like 3 star quality. There were just ceiling spot lights and 2 table lights by the bed which created a very bright atmosphere. The bathroom actually kept bumping into the desk whenever it was wide open (slide door). A room advantage is that they're reasonably big so you won't be short for space. I stayed on the 11th floor.The bed was harder than in other Westin hotels I stayed at and the toiletries (shampoo, shower gel and body lotion) were of poor quality.The room service was great, though bad value for money. Don't get me wrong, I've even stayed at four seasons in the past and I know what a good value for money is.The main restaurant closes after 2pm so anyone wanting to have a late lunch... well bad luck! You can just buy some sandwiches (which are good and I would recommend for a cheap breakfast) from the &quot;Treats&quot; shop downstairs. I had some snacks in the lobby and I was originally refused a second cup to share the tea pot with my friend, which I found a bit rude.The location was nice, with great views in all directions.So overall, if you want to stay here, don't expect your stay to be cheap even though the original hotel rates may be lower than in other places. These rooms are the worst I've ever seen in a 5 star rated hotel even though you can argue that the location makes up for it. I personally wouldn't stay here again. I just had to register to write this review, I hope it helps everyone!	
Aug 27 2009 	Amazing hotel - has just about everything you could need!	After a crazy 5 day trip to Hong Kong and a late arrival in Shanghai, I was pleasantly surprised to find work had booked me in to such an amazing hotel.It has great restaurants, a fantastic lobby with a staircase that looks as though it should be in a ballroom, different bars, a spa which is out of this world and the rooms are fantastic. I would have liked to have stayed for longer than the 10 days but it was very expensive and the formula 1 was in town so the prices went up too far!The only thing is the price but I guess thats what you pay for quality.Also the Sunday Brunch is something you should experience at least once but you do have to book in advance.	
Aug 16 2009 	Excellent if you have a short time in town	Excellent location. I would recommend staying here if you only have a short time in Shanghai and would like to see a bit of the city (People’s square, Nanjing Rd, The Bund). Rooms were on a par with other Westin hotels I’ve stayed in (that’s to say excellent). Based on the prices of coffee in the lobby area (around 80 rmb), I’d recommend dining elsewhere – there are plenty of choices. The Banyan tree spa in the hotel has been recommended by friends – purported to be the best spa chain in Shanghai. Check in times are 2pm. Receptionists speak good English. If you’re getting in early, you should let the hotel know - we arrived at 12 and had to sit around for an hour. Taxis too/from Hongqiao airport cost approx 50 rmb; to/from Pudong airport approx 250 rmb	
Aug 10 2009 	awesome fantastic 	center of town, walking distance to everything, beautiful view, so clean, awesome smell of the lobby, hallway &amp; the rooms	
Jul 14 2009 	One of the best	Title say it all, location service and lobby. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. You can step out of the hotel and within a few minutes you are quite literally in the heart of everything. Go and enjoy.	
Jul 7 2009 	The staff here really goes out of their way to be helpful	Stay here for 4 nights with family after reading extensively previous positive reviews on Trip Advisor and also feedback from colleauges who have stayed here. I must agreed with all others that this hotel deserves all the accolades it has received so far. Lobby is gorgeous and can best be appreciated at nights and also during Sunday's brunch when a live orchestra plays beautiful classical music. Only shame is hotel lacks a high floor bar/restaurant to take in the City view or the Bund at night. One other improvement that it can use is better insulation of the individual shower stalls in the bathroom to prevent water splash from leaking out and wetting the marble floor( hence a safety hazard as one can easily slip/fall if not careful).Highest marks must go to all hotel staff, especially the Concierge desk headed by Ken X. He and his crew went above/beyond to help us feel at home- from arranging private piano practice time/space for my two sons who are both high caliber pianists, to spending countless hours reviewing surveillance tape to trackdown whereabouts of my missing camcorder off a taxicab, to answering numerous questions for locations/hours on shopping/dining establishments. I think their relentless pursuit of the highest quality service possible makes our stay a truly 5 Star experience.Must also give very high marks to a gorgeous pool with swimming lanes on the 3rd floor which my family and I have enjoyed it immensely during the length of our stay.	
Jun 25 2009 	An excellent option	I've travelled to Shanghai often and have had a chance to stay at the Westin on a couple of occassions.Its very close to the Bund and therefore if your meetings are on the other side, you need to factor in an hour of travel.The rooms are very nice and just right sized. The bathrooms are unusual with free standing tubs that one can soak in.The food options are varied and uniformly decent. The buffet breakfast is really worth the price with excellent options. Take the trouble to try out the home made yogurt. The lounge is a good place to relax in the evening.The service on the whole is very professional.An excellent international standard choice in Shanghai	
Jun 3 2009 	Enjoyed my staying there!	a really great hotel, friendly staff, great food, I would say just perfect.Ok almost the whole Bund is under construction so take your face mask with you!!!	
May 24 2009 	this must be one of the best hotels in China	I paid $800/ night (which is a bargain) and stayed there for 2 nights; this a true 5 star hotel by any standard.I stayed on the SPG preferred guest floor, and as soon as you walked in the room you smell a nice aroma. It's so close to Bund. Great service, professionally trained staff.Just can't find enough words to say good thing about this hotel.	
May 5 2009 	Stupendous beds right in the midst of Shanghai	I stayed here for three nights at the start of May, taking advantage of the Labour Day weekend. Although we arrived at the same time as a whole coachload of tourists, we got checked in quickly and up to the room.The room was great; split into two with a sliding partition, with an incredibly comfortable bed. Westin is marketing this as the 'Heavenly' bed and that's a pretty apposite superlative; I could have quite happily stayed in bed all weekend (although that would have meant missing out on Shanghai). There's two televisions, a DVD player so you don't have to just watch whatever films are on the hotel channel, and although we didn't have a view across the river, we did have one across the rooftops of the Bund - just as interesting to look out and see birds flying around and people out on the tops of the buildings. Bathroom was excellent: huge freestanding bath and a good powerful shower, although the toilet paper was quite cheap quality.Room service was prompt and very good quality; breakfast in the executive lounge was also of a good variety, especially the doughnuts (on the other hand the croissants were pretty much rock hard). Prices for other services seemed a bit steep to me - close to 1000 RMB for a massage, when you're in Shanghai and could get the same for 50 if you weren't in the hotel, but I suppose the kind of person who pays for 1000 RMB of spa treatment isn't the same kind of person who just wants to get wrenched about for an hour by an unspeaking Chinese masseuse. Sunday brunch is meant to be the best in town, but again, a little pricey. Then again, I wasn't drinking this weekend; if I had been, 418RMB for all the champagne I could force down myself would probably be a bargain.Location is great - although at the present time the Bund has construction work on it (they're building a new promenade) so although you can walk to the Bund, you can't see the river. Then again, you're near all sorts of other interesting buildings (HSBC, the central post office, and so on) so it's not a complete disaster.Signage in the hotel can be a little confusing from time to time. We were in the Office Tower (there's also the Grand Tower on the other side of the atrium) and then spent some time wandering up and down escalators looking for the business centre. Other than that, the place is great.	
May 4 2009 	Very Good Hotel in Greta Location	Over the last 4 years I have stayed at the Westin Bund Center three times. The rooms, service, restaurants, and facility are what you would expect of a five star hotel. The only bad thing I could say is that the prices are high. When visiting Shanghai you can not go wrong with this hotel.	
Apr 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel and Excellent Service	The property was great and had a great view. The reception was very helpful and also gave tips on how to overcome the language barrier. I am a strict vegetarian so the breakfast buffet could have been completely off bounds for me had it not been for the helpful chef who personally pointed out every single eggless dish and also made a few things just for me. Great stay.	
Apr 19 2009 	Decent hotel but not great	My sister and I went to shanghai for 3 days over easter, my third time in Shanghai. Having stayed at Four Seasons the past two times, we thought we'd try Westin which is closer to the bund. We had a room with two beds, and I am not sure if all the rooms are like ours, but the one we had was in a corner (901) and had a strange layout. The room felt crowded, as was the bathroom, and definitely a lot smaller than the other Westins I have stayed in China and other countries. The worst part of the room though was the thin wall. Our neighbours seem to be a TV addict and had their TV on from 9am to late at night, and I could hear everything on their TV as if it was in my own room. However, these flaws aside, the hotel is quite reasonably priced for its class. The staff and concierge were very helpful. The hotel is not located in dead central shanghai, but rather is within walking distance to the bund, which was ideal for us - coming back to the hotel from the bars at night near the bund was convenient. A short US$2 cab ride to yue yuen and xin tian di. Overall, not a bad hotel, but if I went back to Shanghai again, I would probably stay at Four Seasons instead.	
Feb 22 2009 	Baby! - this is 5 star as it should be!	My colleague and I spent 2 nights at this hotel. It was close to our customers and priced well (we got an excellent on-line rate direct with the hotel). The first thing that struck me when I walked in was the Atrium lobby - oh my goodness....the stairways frame a perfect island of seats to sit and chat / drink and prepare for dinner or meetings. The stairways are lit in different colours at night and the grand restaurants that surround it are a creation in themselves.We dined at a superb Buffet at the ground floor restaurant. The price was reasonable and the selection large. Ask for the big &quot;red seats around a round table&quot; - your conversation is well shared as these chairs shield out the noise form other tables!. Western, euro and eastern tastes are catered for. The staff are subtle and well trained. I was lucky enough to find some New Zealand Green Lipped mussels and I was amazed, in heaven and impressed - fresh too.Breakfast buffet is 5/5 in terms of quality. Don't drink the standard coffee if you like coffee - ask for an espresso or your favourite and you'll be surprised how quick it arrives.Anyhow the room I had was 1716 - its a large room (normally double the size of a normal Hotel room) with a lounge that takes up half the space, bedroom is quarter size and bathroom is the other quarter. Big bath, rainforest shower, &quot;Westin heavenly bed&quot; (which is the reason I always love the Westin), spacious lounge, great working desk with international plugs and tons of storage. A dumb thing in the lounge though is the very large glass box containing a very large glass tube (AKA old style TV). Internet is via cable and although it was free in my room rate, it confused me when it asked me to pay (the system is silly). The wireless is via ChinaNet but very unreliable. Free also around the hotel.Finally, we checked out on a Sunday and missed the brunch (we checked out at 1pm) but we saw the following - it costs around US$90 with free flow champagne (Mumm) and a huge selection of incredible food. Kids are catered for with games, popcorn and candy floss area and there are some cool crafts people doing local art to &quot;give away(?)&quot;. If you read my Bangalore West End Taj review, you can see what I mean by awesome - this one beats West End!We checked out and there was a minor bill dispute on a tour we took (sadly the person who booked it made a major stuff up and refused to lose face on it so we &quot;ate it&quot;) but just make sure you check your bill. Errors seem to be a habit of every hotel I stay at.Conclusion - I'll make sure I'm back - this place is perfect for location, price, facility, service and value. Go there if you can afford it (and given the current economic situation, you should get a deal).	
Dec 30 2008 	Relax Recharge Revitalize	After a long anticipated wait, i finally arrived in the Westin Bund Centre Shanghai.First sight was very impressive. The moment you entered the hotel, there was some pleasant smell.I might sound weird, but yeah, I have never been in a hotel with such good smell before.The check-in was very quick, and before i knew it, i was up in my room.The room was beautifully appointed, as you can see in the pictures. I booked a &quot;Grand Crown Deluxe&quot; room, which obviously is in the Grand Tower.I Kinda doubt that the impressive crown building was really a hotel, apart from those high class suite being there.Service wise, it was pretty good. The &quot;0&quot; Express Service pretty much solve all ur needs. They also answer the call with my surname, which most of the time got my name wrong.Room service was almost excellent. I said almost excellent because there was hair in one of my food, although the hotel was quick to fix the problem.Tea and Coffee facillity in the room is really good. Not instant coffee but, real coffee powder.Eating at Prego is a MUST.The bubsiness centre was very helpful and went out of their way to help me recharge my phone.A little down side was that, one night i was unable to sleep until 8 am (just me not feeling tired). I locked the door and switch on the Do not disturb sign.At about 1.45 pm I receive a call asking me when do i want my room cleaned. Maybe its just me, but isnt the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign means Do not disturb?But yeah, this is a minor problem.Overall, the hotel is great, beautiful, clean and luxurious. But in comparison to my expectation, they did fell slightly below it. I mean, for this price, i expect better.Dont get me wrong though, its still very good.	
Dec 6 2008 	Good Business Hotel that delivers	The Westin hotel in Shanghai is a 5-star business hotel, located at Puxi within walking distance of the famous Shanghai Bund Area. This is my first time staying at a Westin and they are offering a relatively competitive rate under the “Winter Promotion” program. December is usually the low season for Shanghai so most hotels have some kind of promotion. ArrivingI was picked up by a hotel staff upon exiting the airport terminal and escorted to my limousine. I wasn’t that pleased with the quality of the car, which despite being Audi A6, feels rather bumpy. Also making matters worse was that my driver was speeding, due to some miscommunication. Upon arrival at the hotel, a hotel lady staff escorted me to my room after the check-in formalities. The RoomI booked a standard deluxe room at the newer Grand Tower wing which on paper is about 38m2 but the actual room feels bigger and is a corner room. Not sure if it is an upgraded room type. The bedroom is tastefully decorated, functional if not very luxurious. There is a good size glass working desk with assortment of plugs and internet connection both wired and wireless is free for all hotel guest. The internet speed is fast. This will pleased business travelers who probably make up the majority clientele of this hotel. There’s also a sofa daybed by the window. There is however, not much of a view to speak off except a partial size view of the Pearl Tower. The hotel is in close proximity to other office buildings so for privacy purposes, curtains need to be drawn. There is a 32” Philips LCD TV and a DVD player. The bathroom has a separate shower cubicle and a good size bathtub which has a weird spoon shape. The hotel claim this is a “designer’s bathtub but I find it difficult to get up from it and it’s quite slippery so use with caution. A pleasant surprise is that this bathroom has strong water pressure, not commonly found in most Shanghai hotels I have tried so far. There’s also abundant toiletries and supply of towels of various size. There is of course the signature Westin Heavenly Bed which while comfortable, I feel it doesn’t really live up to all the hype. Perhaps the heavenly bed can different from one Westin hotel to another. Overall, this is a comfortable room to retire after a long day. Common AreasThere isn’t much to do around the immediate vicinity of the hotel. There isn’t much eating outlets available either right outside the hotel which I find quite odd as usually most streets in Shanghai are populated by various restaurants. Fortunately, the hotel have a good assortment of restaurants including Chinese, Italian and a café which serve buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner though as expected price are on the expensive side. The common areas are generally very beautiful with lighted grand staircase that changes colors during the night. Also an entire front wall of the lobby atrium is decorated with lights and what I think were Christmas decorations. It’a very colorful hotel. I should say that this hotel has a fantastic buffet breakfast. Not only are all the food served very fresh, the selection is huge and include many items not typically found in most hotel buffet breakfast. It’s something I look forward to every morning during my 3 day stay and is only surpassed by the buffet breakfast served at the Intercontinental Hong Kong. So many hotels including even luxury 5-star hotels seems only to serve poor quality or standard buffet breakfast day after day and it's refreshing to find the Westin Shanghai excel in this area. ServiceService is generally fast and efficient if lacking some warmth. This is a business hotel so the fast response is a good thing as when I am on a business trip, I dislike wasting time waiting for anything. I made many request to the hotel staff for a wide variety of task and items since I was meeting my business clients there and everything were arranged very quickly without any fuss. There is even a “Service Express” button on the phone for hotel guest to call on any request promptly. When I said there is lack of warm in the service, it means like the hotel staff rarely smile at all and some of them have that “I’m very busy so don’t try to disturb me look” that makes one hesitate to call upon them. Also, like in the morning when going for the buffet breakfast, I was not once greeted good morning as staff rush around to clean tables and pour coffee. Instead, on every table, there is a “Good Morning” card that actually greet guest good morning in written and remind hotel guests not to hesitate to call on the staff if they need anything. Kind of strange to be greeted this way, not sure if this is the Westin way. I again assumed this is because the majority of Westin Clientele are business travelers. ConclusionThere isn’t much to fault this hotel for. Perhaps the service can be warmer but other than that, I’m hard press to think of any and there’s much to like such as the breakfast and the service response. It’s a business hotel with competitive rates and is a good choice purely for business, and in this aspect, it deliver what is expected.	
Oct 26 2008 	Very comfortable	After roughing it for 2 weeks; this place was heaven. We had a room with separate lounge for about $350 a night. Nicely decorated, very quiet, free wifi, really good turndown service and room service was excellent. Location was close enough to walk to the Bund and Nanjing road. I particularly liked to huge bath and comfy beds with choice of pillows.	
Oct 20 2008 	A Fine Hotel	My stay that the Westin Shanghai was from Oct 15th though the 17th, 2008. Overall this is a nice property. I believe it to be overpriced but it is in a good location and has an attentive staff. The workout facility is good but not great, Treadmills slip when running at speed and no staff early in the morning. The executive level offers the standard fare and I enjoyed eggs cooked to order and toast. My only issue really is there are better options for the price point and in fact, better options at less cost. But if your favorite hotel is booked out then the Westin Shanghai is indeed a good choice.	
Oct 18 2008 	Nice hotel good location a bit expensive	This is my second time in Shanghai and both times I've stayed at the Westin. The hotel is nice, modern beautiful lobby, the rooms are what you expect from a Westin, a bit small but luckily got upgraded to a suite.Location is good, you can walk to the Bund, to the Yu Gardens, to People's square, and a quick taxi to anywhere else.Service is okay, not bad but doesn't feel like a 5 star-hotel service focus where the customer is king. I didn't have any issues but didn't make me feel so special like in other hotels I've stayed before.I will try a different hotel next time I visit Shanghai but would still recommend it to business and pleasure travelers since I had a great stay.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great Hotel	Location of the hotel was a 5 min walk to the Bund or a 5 min walk to the main shopping area of Shanghai so suffice to say we found this to be perfect. A 10 min walk to and along the Bund took you to the tourist tunnel which can take you across to Pu Dong.We had a deluxe room and it was truly excellent. The room was split into bathroom, bedroom and sitting room which could be made open plan or partitioned with sliding doors. Lovely bath and shower and really well lit.Service at the hotel was very good and nothing was too much trouble for the staff we dealt with. Breakfast was also very good with a wide variety of dishes all freshly made or cooked in front of you.A very pleasant stay!	
Oct 2 2008 	Stunning lobby and great service...	We stayed in the Westin for the last 2 nights of our trip to China as a treat, having previously stayed in the Jin Jiang hotel.We really enjoyed our stay at the Westin, I really like this chain as it feels like it has a slightly different approach from the rest of the similar chains. Little things like the welcome drinks in the lobby on arrival, excellent facilities in room (incl the complimentary toiletries/accessories), the &quot;Treats&quot; shop and the great buffet selection. Also the Banyan Tree spa although expensive is great if that's what you are into.When you arrive at this hotel you are struck by the huge and stunning lobby which is based around a massive glass atrium with illuminated glass staircases and huge palm trees. Looks great especially in the evening. We got a breakfast-included deal through Expedia but would agree that otherwise the breakfast is a little expensive - but isn't that standard for this class of hotel? It certainly was a wide selection and good to have plenty of local options as well as Western food. The staff were mainly eager to please, I disagree with earlier comments about the reception staff seeming like new recruits - they were charming and keen with us. The only let down were the lobby bar staff where the service was pretty slow even though they weren't busy. Which means the 15% service charge stung a bit.We tried the pool and jacuzzi and for most of the time were the only people in there, which was great. A small gripe: there is no direct access from pool to changing room - a bizarre design fault meaning you have to walk, dripping in a towel or robe, back down a corridor past the gym to get showered and changed. But hardly a massive hardship - just puzzling.All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel although at 110GBP per night incl breakfast it was not cheap.	
Aug 30 2008 	Typical business hotel	The Westin is a typical fare expensive business hotel, you know what you are getting before you arrive. There are two sides to the building however, the new part and the old part, I have stayed in both and definitively the new part is better. This time I stayed in the old rooms and was quite disappointed, the room was small and pokey, a bit worn, it had the old style tube TV. The water in the bath is brown, the in-room internet is terribly slow its like going back 10 years (both the free wifi and the paid for so-called broadband), this was really frustrating. Room service is good, its fast and prompt, but the menu is limited, and the food is not worthy of the 5* prices. The staff on the reception were poorly trained, as if they'd just been recruited. I have stayed in many excellent hotels, and the Westin is not one of them.	
Jul 22 2008 	Good hotel on the Bund	Just completed a 5 day stopover at the Westin Bund Center Shanghai.Hotel is a good 4 star property with attentive staff and some quality amenities including good swimming pool.I ate several meals including providing hospitality in the hotel and would highlight &quot;Prego&quot; which serves quality talian cuisine. I was fortunate to receive a complimentary upgrade to executive club room on the 18 floor which was in very good order and very well serviced by the staff. My usual gripe about hotels providing a &quot;value for money&quot; experience applies at the Westin unfortunately. The credit crunch will catch up with these establishments eventually. There were also several comments in local Shanghai papers regarding low occupancy rates at hotels. With EXPO 2010 in the offing, I think Shanghai hoteliers, including the Westin ,should review their room rates to encourage visitors.And I hate the standard practice of adding 15% service charges to all bills. I understand from speaking to Chinese colleague that the service charge is in fact not for &quot;service&quot; i.e. the tip, but instead covers VAT and local sales tax. However, I think that all hotels and other retail outlets in China should just state their prices inclusive of VAT etc rather than sneaking on the tab post sale. Probably need some kind of legislative change no doubt.All in all a good hotel and well located with easy walking for sight seeing and business premises Allow plenty of time if going from one place to another on the Bund at present as the whole area has many roadworks and the area is very congested during business hours. Another word of advice is to make sure you are well buckled up when taking taxis as some of the driving has to be seen to be believed, real white knuckle stuff...	
Jul 2 2008 	My home from home	I travel to Shanghai regularly on business and typically spend 100 room nights a year in Shanghai. I've sampled several hotels in the downtown area but much prefer the Westin. The rooms are very generous, quiet, and the beds are very comfortable. The staff are very friendly and efficient. Superb leisure facilities and in house Banyan Tree Spa is excellent although expensive. Wide selection of inhouse restaurants are fairly expensive and quality can be so-so. Prego, the Italian restaurant, is my favourite. However, there are many excellent restaurants in the area to suit all tastes/budgets.Good selection of TV channels although a couple of the movie channels often give poor quality reception. For business users, the business centre is well equipped although wireless access is very slow (wire connection is better but attracts a daily fee). There aren't enough lifts so during busy times it can take a while to get to the ground floor.The executive lounge is very comfortable and a nice place to spend an hour at the end of the working day.	
Jun 19 2008 	Very Nice	I've had 3 stays at the Westin Shanghai over the past 3 weeks. My first visits to Shanghai. The only reason I'm not giving the top rating is that - for the same rate - the room size can vary tremendously. My first room was good sized... certainly no complaints. The 2nd one - and granted that stay was one night only - was tiny... very tiny... and the 3rd room was MASSIVE! I'm not sure how this happened because I wasn't upgraded and paid the same rate each time. Check in was slow the first time, but the 2nd and 3rd time, someone met me as I walked in the front door and escorted me directly to an available receptionist. Very swift.Rooms were well appointed, extremely comfortable, a/c worked fine, and the bathrooms were quite large with separate bath and shower. Breakfast in the main coffee shop on the main level is average - and VERY crowded. Some food and plates/bowls were not replenished very quickly either.Breakfast in the Executive lounge was the opposite... peaceful, quiet, uncrowded, and with great selection.Room service was good quality.Evening options in the executive lounge were plentiful and the atmosphere relaxing. The gym is excellent and large. Complete Cybex weight machines plus free weights and dumbells plus a cardio gym with about 6 Precor ellipticals (newer ones), about 10 treadmills as well as a stairmaster and numerous recumbant and standard bikes. All in good shape and with a TV for each. The gym is also open flexible hours. Rooms in the main tower had wireless internet (free) but it was very unreliable. Wired connection was chargeable. Rooms in the 2nd tower had only wired connection for a fee.My only other complaint besides the size of the one room is that the TV was very erratic. It would frequently black out, and on the last day of my stay it did so and it never recovered. Check out was pretty quick and the staff at reception were OK but not very friendly. I'd definitely recommend this place - especially if you need a good gym and typically book executive rooms. As for me, I'm going to try the Shangri-La next time just for something different.	
Jun 18 2008 	Great Place for Business Travel	Stayed at this hotel for three weeks in May/June. Very convenient location if you will be working in the downtown area near Xintiandi (10 minute cab ride even during rush hour). While I can't say the Bund did a lot for me, it was convenient being within walking distance of Nanjing Road for shopping. The hotel has several restaurants, all of which were very good. Breakfast buffet is exceptional, with a selction of both western and Asian foods, but expensive at about $30/person given current exchange rates. Did not do the big Sunday brunch, but did do the lower key Dim Sum brunch upstairs which was excellent. Rooms are good sized, logically laid out, and well appointed. The fitness center is very good - lots of cardio equipment and a separate machine/free weights room. The Banyan Tree spa is to die for. Fantastic massages, but a bit pricey by local standards.	
May 31 2008	Excellent Hotel	Great Hotel. Wonderful Staff. The rooms are luxurious. Good bathroom products, flat screen television, subtle but lovely decor and furniture.3 good restaurants. Expensive compared to local restaurants, but very nice.Hotel Reception/Bar is interesting, but beautiful.Very near to all sights.Would highly reccommend.	
May 16 2008 	Beautiful property and good location	This was the last stop on our 2-week independent tour of China. The hotel is a very attractive property and we were upgraded, based on Starwood gold status, to a junior suite in the Grand Tower, even though we were using points. We also obtained executive lounge privileges by using an additional 2,750 points per night for 3 nights. This was well worth it since breakfast in the hotel restaurant was quite expensive. We had a beautiful room and spacious, modern bathroom. The check-in was not particularly friendly and I found that the English skills of the Service Express staff were somewhat lacking. We checked out in the executive lounge and I discovered that I had left my ATM card in the machine in the hotel lobby the night before. The staff could not have been more helpful, including placing a call to the US for me to contact my bank (at no cost to me) and following up with me by email after we departed. The card was not found but I suffered no loss. The hotel is a short walk from the Bund and therefore has a prized location. I would recommend this hotel not only for its location and well-appointed rooms but also the dedicated and responsive staff in the executive lounge. There is also an attractive pool but I never had time to use it. If anyone is interested, we took a very worthwhile walking tour led by Dvir Bar-Gal, an Israeli journalist, on the history of Jews in Shanghai [-]	
May 13 2008 	Good business hotel	stayed here for a weekend - good business hotel in decent location close to the Bund - check in was fine - nearly all staff had passable English - room was nice, good size and very clean with big walk in shower and stand alone tub - food was ok - had the lunch buffet and then breakfast to the room - both ok for western food in a chinese city - made the most of the hotel car; taxi's are a complete nightmare so its worth every cent to have the hotel car instead of getting lost,ripped off, robbed etc - overall good standard hotel for good standard rate	
May 12 2008	The Best Yet	We checked in to the Shanghai Westin and it was as impressive as the Westin Hotel in Beijing. The sitting room/office, bath and bedroom were elegant and comfortable. We took a quick inventory of the amenities and discovered more toiletries than usually offered in a hotel. Slippers and robes, and an umbrella were also available.We had free time before dinner and since the hotel is centrally located on the Bund, a group of us decided to walk down to Nanjing Road, the pedestrian zone. Here you find many of the famous stores like Peloman, Hensen's Suit, Peng Street, Hongxiang Ladies Apparel, Mankton, Renli Fashion, Long and Feng Traditional Chinese Clothes, Heming, Lan Tang, Bobu Leather Shoes, Shengxifu's caps and Zhangxiaoquan' s Cissors. We walked past the department stores and restaurants. We wanted to get the flavor of the district. We were just rubbernecking... and fending off the vendors who wanted to sell you flashing wheels to clip on your shoes and glide along the street. At my age I am out of the gliding business.Dinner was quite cosmopolitan. We had western and oriental choices and the International fare for the evening was South African. A nice change, a nice choice.	
May 8 2008 	Fabulous	My partner and I spent only 4 days in Shanghai at the Westin Bund Center, Shanghai. What a fabulous experience!!!The staff could not do enough to make our trip enjoyable. We stayed in one of the Deluxe Rooms - absolutely pure indulgence. Spacious, well appointed rooms. Clean, quite and a great view of the Huangpu River and the Pearl Tower. We used the Banyan Tree Spa for a relaxing pampering. I dont think the staff were quite ready to deal with a European Male - but with much giggling and the always present smile I was treated well.Everything you read on the Westin website is genuine and what IS offered!!. Outstanding spacious rooms, fabulous food, wonderful staff - what more do you want!?!?!?!The location of the hotel makes walking anywhere easy. At reception they have little maps with touristy places marked in Chinese, English and PinYin, so if you need help finding directions just show the map to either taxi drivers or passers by. At each intersection (for those on foot) there are 'pedestrian traffic controllers' - these are the best sources of guidance when walking and they are very helpful.But remember its China! and the locals are a bit reticent about dealing with foreigners, so dont be put off if you approach a passer by and they ignore you - they are not being rude, they just are not as open as the west - (although the same happens in London, Paris &amp; New York).Places which are a MUST to see1. The Green Jade Buddha Temple - get a taxi its only a few dollars). At the Temple they have a vegetarian restaurant and the food is outstanding!! Oh a word of caution, this is a fully functioning Buddhist temple, so do ask permission to take photographs - alto' no one will say anything too you if you dont ask, its just good manners too ask so as not to offend the Buddhist population.2. The Yu Yuan Garden - have a cup of genuine Chinese tea in the Yu Tea House - (but use downstairs - the upstairs is for visitors and is twice the price). But we are only talking about a couple of dollars. Take a day and just stroll around the gardens amazing history and a great experience.3. Walk around and absorb the atmosphere of Shanghai - a city I have fallen in love with. It quite safe to walk down the little side streets and see how the locals live.4. Go to the antique and bricka brack stalls in the 'antique' market.5. If you want authentic local chinese food find a 'supermarket' or grocery and you may find a restaurant upstairs. 6. The Bund is about 5 minutes walk from the Hotel and is also a must to stroll along.7. When queuing to buy tickets just do as the locals do and push and push and push (it helps to have played rugby or other contact sports LOL).I loved Shanghai, I loved the Hotel and cant speak too highly of the place and cant wait to go back!!!	
May 1 2008 	Great rooms great beds great service	Stayed here over the Chinese New Year to escape the fireworks in the neighborhood. We had a great stay. Our room was a Crown Deluxe in the new tower. Loved the layout of being able to separate the seating area from the sleeping area. The bed was super comfortable. Maybe the best beds in China.	
Apr 25 2008 	CLASSCLASSCLASS	Stayed at the Westin on the way through.Within minutes felt guilty that I was there without my family to enjoy.This hotel is A1 and would have no reservations in staying there again.In actual fact simply would'nt consider staying anywhere else.I have tried other hotels in Shanghai, but this hotel is exceptional.The problem was that I needed more time in this hotel but as mentioned I think I'll take my family back later on in the year.The rooms are great,I stayed in a suite in the Grand Tower 10/10.In fact everything was 10/10.The chocolates made downstairs in Treats are great.Carried some very fragile chocolates on a 10 hour flight as if I was carrying nitro just to make sure that they didnt break so I could bring them intact to my family,well one broke the other survived.I have always compared all hotels with the Westin Guangzhou which is my favourite hotel.Well this hotel is great ,I still hold the Westin GZ top of my list basically I think its much smaller lobby makes it a more personnel experience whereas th Westin Shanghai/Bund is a grand scale hotel.However it certainly will leave you very satisfied.The food is exceptional,I found I ate at the Open Lobby Restaurant which was very very good and PREGO was also very good.I still think PREGO at Guangzhou Westin is much better with its food or maybe it might be that open kitchen in front of your eyes.No matter what ,this establishment is of high standard and for some people, that like to go to a place that its good to be seen,well this place might be your comfort zone.I would rather enjoy its CLEANLINESS AND GRANDNESS AND SERVICE.THANK YOU WESTIN SHANGHAI I WILL BE BACK AGAIN.	
Apr 5 2008 	Great hotel throughout with one flaw from indifferent staff	Stayed two nights for business in Westin Bund. Driver pickup at the airport was flawless even though someone yelled at me for parking the car in front of his. The driver had to calm him down since I had no idea what he was yelling about. Once arrival, was upgraded to a fantastic room at 26th floor with stunning view and amazingly furnished room. Really loved the view of the river from the bath tub. All the amenities were what you would expect from the top notch hotel and staffs constantly showed all the good signs of a well established hotel(friendliness, smile, professionalism...)...except one staff who took care of my check out..will come back to this later.The location is quite tricky since there are lots of construction going on around the area but overall it's not far from any where you wish to go in Shanghai. I had one snack at the restaurant and one room breakfast and couldn't find any faults.The only let down I had from this hotel was from the check out experience; the staff who took care of my check out was very indifferent, voice very small and unforgivingly commanding. An old couple also wanted to check out while I was waiting for the paperwork and without any eye-contact she just told them they can go. Her voice was small so the couple could not hear. When the couple asked her again, she just said &quot;yes you can go&quot;. The old left looking confused. Thought that was very rude and she basically showed same attitude to me.Anyway, in general I had an enjoyable stay with this hotel and would love to come back again for more stays.	
Mar 19 2008 	Shanghai First Timer's - Westin O Plenty!	The location of this hotel is not that convenient if you are really into nightlife. The place to be is People’s Square, but you would assume what it lacks in location, it would make up in service. I have to say the Westin started out very strong. My girlfriend and I had a Jr. Suite, which was one of the best parts of the trip. Unlike other people that travel, we are ones to enjoy the amenities of a hotel. Heavenly bed, rain forest shower, spoon (soaking) tub, hair dryer (for the ladies), prompt 24hr room service, sofa lounge with a glass desk…all great features of the room and the hotel has all sockets to fit your needs. But, they would change my temperature settings whenever I left the room for the day. Room service was ok, but they ran out of particular dishes as early as 12am! Excuse me, but I thought I was in a hotel. I must agree with most that the Sunday Brunch at “The Stage”, which is within the hotel, is top notch (MAKE RESERVATIONS ASAP, FILLED UP EVERY WEEKEND)! It is noted as the best brunch in Shanghai, but I would say one of the best brunches in the world. Top shelf liquor everywhere (you are greeted on the line with a glass of champagne with a cherry at the bottom), caviar (if your into that), made to order pancakes, sushi, baby lobsters…etc. Lets not forget about the string section, yes live classical music to dine to. The only bad things with the brunch were the dessert and no map of where all the choices in this buffet were located.The spa was not that great, which I would not repeat to be honest. Concierge was pretty helpful throughout the entire trip though. Not knowing any Chinese, they helped as best as they could. Not fluent, better than outside the hotel. They did help us organize a 1 day trip to Beijing (round trip airfare was included) where we had a private tour guide to take us to the Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square (Closed because People’s Republic of China’s Congress was in session over the current issues in Tibet) and the Great Wall. A bit expensive, but since I am not sure when will be the next time I am in China, going now is better than never going.The one incident that occurred while we were in Shanghai was late at night we had been coming from the Pearl Tower in Pudong and we jumped into a RED taxi. I was initially hesitant in using this cab since the color was different than most I had seen to this point and the driver didn’t have a seat surrounded by this plexi-glass (you’ll know when you are in Shanghai). But he was right outside the tower and there was another taxi right behind him, indicating to me this must be where the taxi’s congregated. Well once we are inside the cab, he drives a little then informs us that the tunnel had just closed (how can a tunnel with no tolls close at 9pm) and he needed to take us on a longer route. What could be done since we were already in the cab and he already been driving for a few minutes (could have driven us into a bad area for all we knew). Obviously we agreed, but then we noticed the meter was moving so FAST. Usually increasing by 1 RMB every 5 minutes (you can notice that they keep times on the dash separating stoppage time, distance and trip time), this cab had the meter increasing 1RMB every 30 sec. Now we know we are getting hosed, but my concern is getting to the hotel safely. Once we get to the hotel, I figure I would get one of the doormen to help me contest the amount but this one time, there was no one to greet our cab. I go inside to the concierge to get assistance, but the driver drove off. The receipt generated out of the cab was fake and concierge told me that I should have gotten one of them to help because they would not let him leave, but my point was that there was NOONE OUTSIDE. They then inform us that we should not take red colored taxis. Again, excuse me I am in a hotel and I am extremely knowledgeable about Shanghai!At the end of the story, would I stay at the Westin Shanghai Bund Center again…I would, but on my next trip I would try something (Starwood) inside of People’s Square 1st.	
Mar 10 2008 	Friendly staff great hotel	I stayed here for a business conference. I was very impressed with the property and the staff. The staff were friendly and spoke good English. It was also reasonable walking distance to the Nanjing Dong Lu shopping area. The only downsides were: taxi queue was long at peak times, but the doormen did try to get cabs to come into the property, and the sidewalks around the property were not finished (fully paved) yet.	
Feb 20 2008 	Warning Construction Around Hotel	We stayed at the Westin Shanghai from February 8-11, 2008. The biggest problem is the construction going on around the hotel. All the sidewalks within a few blocks radius are under repair, so you basically have to walk on dirt. I don't think this major repair will be completed for the next few months, so ask the hotel before you book.The location of the hotel is ok, but be warned that only one side of one tower in the hotel has any views at all. As for it's overall location in the city, it's not that great. Nanjing road and the Bund are a few blocks away, but these are not places that most tourists or business people will be spending more than one hour. In fact it's not within walking distance to any major shopping malls and the immediate area is a run down part of Shanghai.The hotel consists of 2 towers, the crown and the grand. All of the rooms are called jr suites, bc they have a divider and small sitting room. I was a little put off with the front desk bc they basically lied to me and said we have upgraded you to a jr suite, when in fact all the rooms are the same size. The rooms are very nice, especially the bathroom, but bc of the divider it seemed a little cramped. One problem that we faced was that the hotel brunch and dimsum are very popular with locals and we were unable to book a table even a day in advance. There is one ok restaurant near the hotel called the Old Uncle Shanghai Food, but it's located in the basement of the office tower. Overall I would not recommend this hotel for tourists visiting Shanghai.	
Feb 16 2008	Slipping	A nice hotel, but certainly not one of the top 100 inthe world as they claim! Stayed three nights and then moved to the St. Regis.I had stayed at the Westin a few times about a year ago and then there was a definite buzz about the hotel...very attentive staff, outstanding food for a hotel, upgrades, big focus on guests. Not this year. Staff in Executive Lounge seemed lackadaisical at best. Food spread was impressive, but just two kinds of wine...a white and a red (undistinguished Shiraz from a screw-top bottle.) Newspaper delivery was haphazard. Amenities not restocked in bathroom. Most unpleasant surprise came the first afternoon. I was taken a jetlag nap at about 5 PM. I had locked the door and turned on the &quot;do not disturb&quot; light, which also deactivated the doorbell. The phone rang. Someone asking me to please open the door so they could return my laundry! I staggered to the door and he handed me my laundry...no apology for waking me up. (It would have been obvious!) No explanation for calling my room when the &quot;do not disturb' sign was on! The rooms at the Westin have never been great. In a junior suite in the new wing, there's almost no place to sit...a hard, armless desk chair and a chaise. That's it! Lots of room...large foyer, big bathroom...but only two uncomfortable places to sit. One of the TV remotes didn't work either. The internet connection was very, very slow.These are minor points and the hotel is still a good one, but if it ever was one of the 100 best in the world, it ain't anymore!St. Regis, on the other hand, seems to improve with age. The Royal Meridien is also preferable to the Westin because of location, cost, and the quality and comfort of the rooms.	
Feb 10 2008	Great location good qualty business hotel	Stayed for 7 nights in a suite on the executive floor. Overall a very hotel in a very handy location being only two blocks to the bund. Staff generally spoke very good english. Quality of in room dining was average and most of the restaurants were very large hotel standard fair but acceptable. Great pool and spa.The rooms were of a very good size and nicely furnished and very comfortable. Excellent views from some rooms acrosst to Pudong.The club was very pleasant with a good breakfast service and drinks in the afternoon.Had a very enjoyable stay. Recommend having dinner at the whampoa Club. Fabulous.	
Feb 5 2008 	de-luxe !	I had a room in the new tower and got a free upgrade to the executive floor. Not that the rooms are any better but I got free breakfast and could have an evening snack in the lounge (actually very good with choice of sandwiches, salad, some small hot items). Room was very luxurious and furnished tastefully (although hard wooden floor would have finished it off better than a carpeted floor). Bathroom very nice and big bath and also rainfall shower. Room was a sort of &quot;mini suite&quot; although wardrobes were near the front door, as far from the bed as you could place them ! Location was good although on the edge of the central area. Not much traffic noise. Gym excellent and on two levels although changing area very small. Breakfast amazing although service a little too efficient (plate taken away when I still had the toast in my hand).	
Jan 26 2008	Coming back	Walked in an immeditely felt at home. Staff greet you at the door and escort you to the reception. I had a room in the new tower and wow is all I can say. I had a great view of the bund and oriental pearl (when I could see it between the rain snow anfd fog). Walking distance to Bund or E Nanjing Rd. Used the spa and loved it. Room service food was excellent. Definately would stay again.	
Jan 17 2008 	Great Comfort	We spent 4 nights right after Christmas on a leisure trip to Shanghai. First time to China, and were impressed by Bund Westin. Extremely good value for the price, even if expensive by chinese standards. Staff were helpful and did their best to help us as we didn't speak chinese at all. Concierge was able to book us two trips (one outside Shanghai) and advised us on restaurants and bars.Upon our arrival we were &quot;encouraged&quot; at the reception to upgrade for a junior suite in the new wing. We visited two, and picked up one with an impressive view on the 21st floor. So all in all were happy.Besides the overlooking view, we really enjoyed the luxurious and modern equipment of both room and bathroom.Trying the spa was a wonderful experience : great massages, gorgeous decoration, even though really expensive.We didn't tried neither the restaurants nor the bars, they were too &quot;international&quot;. The breakfast offers an amazing choice and high quality food.Plus the hotel is really close from the Bund, and walking distance from both People's square and Nanjong road. However taxis are always available and don't overcharge, as it happened to us at the Jin Mao tower in Pudong.I can't say more to recommend it.	
Jan 9 2008 	Overrated and poor for business	I visit Shanghai often on business and decided to try the Westin in the Bund area. Convenient location. Nice restaurant next door called My Shanghai Uncle - traditional chinese menu, reasonable prices, upscale crowd, and english translations on the menu.I am a platinum amex and Gold SPG member and should have gotten an upgrade. They upgraded me to an executive floor room of the same size i was supposed to have on a non-exec floor but didn't allow access to the exec lounge and the included breakfasts. What was he point of the upgrade? The room was clean although I was a bit freaked to find a durex condom in the pocket of the bathrobe. Was this planned as part of the Gates Foundation AIDS prevention program as informed by a colleague or was it a sign that the robe had not been washed? Not sure.The bed was hard with a pillow top that was ineffective. certainly not the &quot;Heavenly Mattress&quot; they advertised and that American Westins have. I complained and was told it was the same as the U.S. mattress. I don't believe they told me the truth. I will check in the U.S.The lobby restaurant is ok. The breakfast was fresh and buffet style. I would like to see more choices and a more reasonable price. The food is only fair.The real kicker with this place is that they claim to be the &quot;best business traveler hotel in asia. They must be kidding. The business center is only open til 11 pm and is poorly accessible except by two escalators not an elevator. When the backlighting on my laptop screen failed, i went to the business center to rent a laptop- the price: 800 rmb ($110) a day! With 6 days left in town I could almost buy a new one for that. I asked where I might get a repair done and they had no idea at the business center. The concierge was helpful but had no idea either. The english skills of the business center folks was also rather marginal. I tried to explain to them that one of the computers in the center had strange signaturing at the top of the browser page that might be a sign of a virus infection or keylogger but got nowhere. I then decided to go to a computer store.The concierge gave me two addresses. The first turned out to be a bank. The second place sold me a cheap monitor ($90) which I attached to my laptop - problem solved. The point of a business center is to solve the business person's problems. I ordered three times from room service. The first time I got a Chinese dish with noodles and shrimp for a reasonable $12. The dish size was adequate but the seafood minimal. The second dish was a filet for $25.00 plus service charge. The meat weighed about 2.5 ounces and was a total of 4 bites. The potatoes were a dollop the diameter of a quarter. There were 5 small pieces of vegetable. I complained to the manager who told me this was the correct portioning. I then ordered a hamburger the same night as i was still hungry. It was ok.Concierge services were average with several folks seemingly just covering and without adequate english skills. I expect english skills when I pick an american hotel that promotes itself to the american business crowd.Pricing was lower on expedia than directly with the hotel and i suspect that's why i didn't get the room or mattress I expected.Overall, I didn't find this hotel worthy of repeat business from myself or any of our staff.Scott R	
Dec 16 2007 	Impressive buildings staff could wake up a bit	Stayed for just one night early in December, on check-in was shown to a lift that was supposed to take me to my room, but was in fact in the wrong building so ended up wondering around feeling lost (because I was).Went back to reception and eventually ended up in my room, but asked to be changed immediately, it smelt terrible. I had to pay extra to upgrade to the new wing (there are two wings, the new wing that is approx one year old and old wing which is about five years old according to the staff member I asked), this got me a junior suite which was not a suite at all but an average sized hotel room, it smelt OK though.It took over an hour for my bags to be transferred from the old, smelly room to the Junior Suite, and only after much prompting and two trips back to reception.Didn't think the hotel was worth the money, but then I was only there for one night. Previous posters noted construction noise outside the hotel, I was unaware of this on the night I stayed. In my opinion expensive and unimpressive, but I have nothing to compare it to in Shanghai as this was my first visit.	
Dec 10 2007 	Excellent	Great location on the old established side of the river ( NOT Pudong ) close to the Bund and old town. Plentiful and cheap taxis to take you anywhere else anyway.Great service all round on the whole and the glitches that did happen were too minor to mention. Sunday brunch is a classic event with amazing entertainment and food of every type freshly prepared.Rooms are modern with everything you could wish for. Club rooms and lounge even better but even more expensive. In spite of the cost it is still relatively cheap compared with other major cities in other countries.	
Nov 27 2007 	Simply excellent	Our three nights at this hotel were exceptionally comfortable - spacious room, good food and very helpful service. A quality act.	
Nov 15 2007 	Very Pleasant Stay	This is a lovely hotel with a great location. It is right in the heart of the city, just blocks from the Bund, but the roads leaving the hotel fast-track you onto the highway system. The rooms are very nice (I stayed in their Grand Tower wing) and they were spacious, pleasant, and with the signature super-comfortable beds. Beautiful design, and the rooms are very new.I just wish their coffee shop was better. I sort of wish these huge hotels in China could have just one local dish on their dinner menu. Perhaps breakfast there, or some of their other restaurants are better, so I don't want to give them short shrift! I would stay there again.	
Nov 4 2007	Very nice	I absolutey love Shanghai so am always prepped to have a good time anyway, but the Westin Bund Center helps make my trips to Shanghai something I look forward to. It's still a major business hotel, with all that goes with that - huge cold lobby, a bar in the lobby, group check ins, etc... but the rooms are great; large, clean - great bathrooms with plenty of windows and light. The staff pretty much leave you alone unless you need something, and will do whatever they can to accommodate special requests. If you travel there a few times you will get room upgradeson request...unlike other hotels.Recently there has been some city construction right outside which seems to go on 24 hours a day and really is loud. Other than that this hotel is one of the best business hotels I stay in.	
Oct 20 2007 	Very good hotel	Very good hotel. Check in fastUnlike the previous hotel i stayed in Beijing (Kerry Center Hotel) the staff can speak English fairly well.Large room. Great bathrooms. Firm bed...some may find it too hard though.Location wise, quiet place and within walking distance to the BundGood breakfast spread... tried mainly the oriental selection which was good.	
Sep 5 2007 	One of the best hotels in Shanghai	I travel to Shanghai regularly. For the recent trip, I decided to check myself into the Westin Bund. Stayed there for a total of 6 nights. Was given a Grand Deluxe Room (kind of like a mini-suite). The hotel is simply fantastic. Location is excellent - 10 mins walk to the Bund. Hotel is relatively new. Excellent staff - very courteous and always willing to go that extra mile. My package covers breakfast and evening snacks at the fifth floor executive lounge. Excellent food and service there. Westin Bund - certainly my new address is Shanghai!!	
Sep 2 2007 	Business hotel	It is a large hotel with large lobby, several restaurants, everything a business traveller needs. This is a hotel for just business travellers because it is not cosy with all its cold marble and lights so on a honeymoon or a cosy weekend i would rather stay at Four Seasons in Shanghai or some other alternative. The breakfast was excellent one of the better buffes i have tried, quality was above average but the varieties of food was large, maybe they should have more of different fruites and more darkbread that is healthier. The room was comfortable and large. Seperate area for TV watching but also Tv in bedroom area, good desk for working with all relevant connections. The bathroom was large with a seperate room for the toilet, shower room and a seperate bathtub. The only thing that was not so good was the toiletries, no bathtub salt or anything like that to use when bathing. They did though had a razor, toothbrush male travellers are probably happy for this but the selection for females with only one lotion was not good. You could clearly see that the hotel probably has 80 % men as guests...Location is convenient and taxis are really cheap but do not forget to get a card to give to the driver to get back to hotel... The taxidrivers understanding of english is not so good. I did not try any of the restaurants so i have nothing to say about them. Internet and computer in business center costed me 80 RMB for half an hour. The service of this hotel was good, i got tourist stomac problem when i was in Shanghai and they went to the pharmacy for me and got back with medication and very quickly. The bad food did Not come from the hotel...	
Jul 23 2007 	Loved loved loved the Westin Shanghai!!	Just returned home from a 4-night stay at the Westin Shanghai (7/18-7/21/07). What an enjoyable stay! Upon arrival, my husband and I were upgraded to a Grand Deluxe Room and whisked away to a separate, tranquil, glass-enclosed area for check-in. The process was a breeze and we went right to our room. I was pleasantly surprised to find a fairly large room and an equally large bathroom - all ultra-modern yet homey. The lighting was so welcoming and soothing, too. Everything was immaculate, organized and non-cluttery. The bed was firm yet comfortable, towels were plentiful, and the shower (both an overhead rain showerhead and a separate hand-held, too) was great, too. We were never bothered whenever we had the Do Not Disturb sign - only a placard was discreetly slipped under our door to let us know that our room could not be serviced due to the Do Not Disturb sign. Which I thought was a great touch - it immediately reminded us to call the front desk for housekeeping when we left our room. We also did laundry during our stay, and it was returned to us so nicely folded and organized in a cute basket!One day, I literally stayed in the room all day to get some work done. I think it says a lot to be able to stay in for so long and feel right at home. The room was full of natural light, the flat-screen TV was awesome and the A/C was never too loud or disruptive. Total heaven!The hotel's location is OK. Not conveniently located in the touristy area (that could be a plus!) but still easy enough (10 min. walk to the metro, and taxis are always plentiful and cheap). Despite it's location, the lobby was always lively and bustling - which I love. I had lunch one day at Le Royal Meridien (which is located on the busy Nanjing Road area, close to shopping and the metro), and the vibe there was definitely different. Very quiet and dead; I much prefer the liveliness of the Westin!Service was good, too. The concierge staff was helpful and always offered assistance with a smile. However, I think the language barrier is always a concern (the Westin staff's English was pretty good, but maybe could have been a bit better). I speak Mandarin, so it was never a problem for us. But I could see some guests getting a little frustrated. During breakfast one morning (the buffet was plentiful and yummy, by the way), a European couple next to us asked the waitress for a napkin. I think she nodded, but didn't really understand the request...so nothing happened. The female patron was visibly annoyed and asked again for the napkin and this time the waitress understood. Now, maybe the patron was having a bad day to begin with, but I just don't think that kind of snotty, pouting behavior was really necessary. They ended up leaving mid-meal and seemed like they didn't even pay the bill! Anyway, it was so ridiculous I had to laugh. Earth to lady: you're in a foreign country! So another plus at the Westin: you can have fun people-watching!!Overall, a fabulous stay and highly recommended. There are just too many other hotels in Shanghai I'd like to try, too but the Westin definitely tops my list of hotels I would visit again in the future.	
Jul 5 2007	Not so great for young Western women	Sorry I am writing this review more than one year after my visit.This hotel was immaculate, and I was very happy and comfortable in our corner room. The only thing I should mention is the general vibe I got from the staff at the hotel. I think they are just not accustomed to dealing with hotel guests of my demographic- 25 years old, blonde, American. They just did not seem especially comfortable talking to me or even making eye contact.We did see several &quot;working women&quot; in the hotel bar at night, which does not bother me at all. We even saw one such young lady accompanying a much older Western man upstairs. Again, this is all fine with me. The only thing that made me uncomfortable was whenever I walked alone (without fiance) through the hotel, the staff would look at me inquistively and start speaking into their walkie talkies. This said, I certainly cannot complain about the services. I was travelling with my fiance, who is from Shanghai and speaks fluent Mandarin and English. We both enjoyed our stay at this hotel very much.I would certainly recommend this hotel for business travellers. However, next time we will stay at a different hotel.	
Jun 30 2007 	The best place to stay in Shanghai!	Perfect location, beautiful rooms, comfortable bed, and flawless services. Can't ask more! Our booked entire China Trip through an agency and they upgraded us to a junior suite. I didn't know the exact rate, but I'd say the experience worths $300.00 a night. The location in Shanghai is very important. Most of the new hotels are in Putong, a fancy commercial area. while Westin is in the historic district with 5 minutes walk to Bund. There are numerous fantastic restaurants nearby and lots of local shops. My wife paid for 120 Yuan (after bargaining) for a great looking dress from a store near Westin, the clerk does not speak any English, and they were shy in negotiating with us. It's quite fun! Later, we found something similar later in temple market, asking for 600 Yuan! It's a great place, the overall stay was more than pleasant! It actually reminds m the W Hotel in New York.	
Jun 12 2007	Five Stars a bit generic	The Westin absolutely attains world-class standards for accomodation, service and cuisine. It's a bit bland, in that one could find the same experience in any five star hotel in any city around the world. But the hotel is a lovely respite from the hurly burly of Shanghai. The breakfast buffet is delicious.	
May 7 2007	Westin Bund	Wow, is all I can say, the hotel is just absolutely beautiful, we got upgraded to a junior suite, closet doors are frosted glass, very modern, the bathroom is all marble with a very deep tub and a separate shower with two showerheads, the bed is very comfortable, contemporary sofa with dark wood writing desk. The hotel is truly an experience. Definitely worth the money.	
May 6 2007 	Amazing experience	Stayed here for 2nights with the family. The hotel is located about 2 blocks from the Bund. This is also a 5star hotel and again you expect a high level of service from the moment you step in. During checkin, there's a complimentary fresh juice station. At this site, we also opted for the suite option. Although, the suite included only 2bed and a rollaway with 1bathroom, it was still very luxurious.The room did come with 2tvs and a desk area. The bathoom had a separate shower (rain-forest style) and tub. Maintenance was very helpful and prompt. My luggage zipper got stuck and in desparation I called the front desk (11pm) whom quickly dispatched an engineer to assist me. Sure enough, the person was able to safely open my luggagewithout damaging my suitcase or the inner contents. Dining at this hotel is also a great experience. The breakfast buffetwas probably the best I had in china (better than the Grand Hyatt in Beijing) b/c it had more selection. Also, the items seemed fresher such as fresh fruit yougurt and custom smoothies. Yes, there is also an omlette and waffle station. A plus here is that all the buffet items have english translations making it more tempting to try some of the asian breakfast options. For dinner, we ate at the pan-asian restaurant called EEST which also was a great experience. The menu is diverse, but the dishes are well made. Dessert was not something to be desired though. After a late acrobat show, we were forced to eat at the generic hotel 24hr dining option, which was a disappointment. I woud have rather eaten at EEST again, but unfortunately it was closed that night for a private wedding reception. Conceirge services are helpful and mean well, if not accurate. I wanted to schedule a trip to Suzhou and was told I could simply purchase train tickets and it would not be a problem. So, I went to the train station and was told that all return tickets to shanghai were sold out due to this being a holiday weekend. The Westin staff should have informed me of this. They did make up for later by setting up the acrobat show (not to be missed). I had heard about several different theaters/troupes offering shows and was confused about which to pick. The concierge said he would look into all of theoptions and get back to us. Sure enough, about 30min later, he came to our room with all the info and differences. We made our choice andhad a wonderful time. The staff speaks excellent english. Overall, this is also a great hotel, worthy of its 5star rating. Breakfast buffet was exceptional and not to be missed. The location is good.	
Mar 26 2007 	Grateful traveler	This was our first trip to China. Since we elected to travel on our own rather than with a tour group, we decided to stay at a hotel that employed English speaking staff in case we needed to ask for assistance getting around the area. Well, our decision proved wise, not (only) for the reason mentioned above, but because on the second day in Shanghai, I came down with sinus infection that resulted in fever, and needed to seek medical attention. I felt too miserable to get out of the bed, let alone get dressed and look for a medical facility, so my husband went to the front desk to ask if the hotel had a doctor on call. Within minutes, an English speaking doctor was patched through to our room and was asking me about my condition. This happened on a Sunday, at 11:20 am. By noon, the doctor was visiting me in our room, questioning and examining me. He gave me prescriptions of antibiotic, decongestion and a shot of anti-inflammatory/fever reducer to bring down my fever (all out of his little medical bag). By late that afternoon, I felt well enough to walk around, even manage to venture out to Xintiandi for awhile. That evening, the doctor called to check on me – even my own doctor doesn’t do that! The next day was our check out date as we were traveling to Hangzhou by train, something I am certain I would not have been able to do had it not been for the quick response of the hotel staff and the doctor contracted by Westin. We felt we were in very capable hands. So, warm thanks to Mr. Alvin Yuan, the Concierge Team Leader, and to Dr. Alex Liu of CanAm International Medical Center – you saved our trip! And to Westin Shanghai, thank you for providing high caliber services, you rate 5+ stars in our book. Additional comments: the housekeeping service checked every night to see if we needed a turn down service. On the first day, our room was completely made up by the time we came back from breakfast, with fresh towels and toiletry items restocked, and same thing on the second day, only they called to ask when would be a good time to clean, as I had been in the room all day being sick. That evening, when we came back from Xintiandi, the room was clean, and they had even changed the bed linen, something that was much appreciated after being sick, even just for a day. We had the breakfast buffet at the “Stage” on the first morning. The selection was all-encompassing and one of the female maître d' provided personalized service, explaining items from different buffet stations, giving us recommendations, bringing us the “must-try” items herself, essentially ensuring our breakfast was a delightful experience. So, my only regret is that I was not able to maximize on my Westin stay experience because I was sick half of the time I was there. But if one is to get sick away from home, one can “rest easy” with Westin, as they will provide all the comforts of home.	
Mar 7 2007 	Good Rooms/Lousy Service	Three night stay in the Westin Shanghai from February 25-28. We booked a package rate that included airport transfers and breakfast. Airport transfers were excellent and on time. Hotel is in an excellent location - three blocks from the Bund. Check-in just OK - our &quot;guaranteed&quot; room choices were not available in our bed configuration, but we were happy with the replacement. We had a newly renovated room and our guest had a Crown room. I preferred our room - better layout and seemed roomier. Bathrooms were huge and contained separate shower and tub. Unfortunately, the shower also flooded the bathroom floor easily. There is no door to the bathroom, but a large sliding wall - this proved to be inconvenient. Service in the &quot;Stage One&quot; restaurant was bad - three of us ordered ala carte and one ordered the expensive buffet one night. My brother was being overly generous with his buffet plate, and after he offered some sushi to our Chinese guest, the staff quickly approached our guest to communicate the buffet plate could not be shared. Although we were in error, it was embarrassing that the staff approached our Chinese guest - an all too common discriminatory practice in China. Manager was appropriately apologetic and made amends, but the damage had been done. Then, the next day at breakfast, the same Chinese guest discovered a caterpillar in some steamed vegetable greens - ugh. Next, for some reason, housekeeping skipped the evening service our last night - the one night we happened to need extra towels after the shower flooded. When I contacted the &quot;service express&quot; button to request housekeeping and extra towels, the towels arrived but the housekeeping person refused to take the older dirty towels - annoying. Finally, an American friend employed by Westin emailed a message to our group - the message was never delivered. On a good note, there's a great alternative to the hotel's restaurants - go to the basement of the ajoining Bund Center office building and eat at Shanghai Uncles - better food and much better prices and service. Overall, a mixed bag - the physical facilities, location and lobby staff are excellent, but restaurant and housekeeping staff are not up to snuff. We had lunch at the Le Royal Meridien near the Shanghai Museum - very nice looking and very good restaurant service. If you're wedded to SPG, this looks to be a better option in Shanghai.	
Feb 11 2007 	Loved the modern chic!	The boyf and I were upgraded to an executive room in their new wing (which used to be serviced apartments). It was great, with a big screen TV in the living room and bedroom as well.The bathroom was a real treat!An additional plus? The &quot;Welcome to Shanghai&quot; brochures and guides, which were especially helpful for a first timer like me!	
Jan 4 2007 	Brilliant modern hotel in Puxi	Amongst the better hotels in Shanghai, the Westin is a can't-miss choice. Pricier properties (Grand Hyatt, St. Regis) are in the business district of Pudong, while the Westin sits just a few blocks from the storied Bund (easy walking distance). The hotel itself is ultramodern and fantastically comfortable, and makes a great home in this booming city.	
Dec 9 2006 	Beautiful Hotel	This is a beautiful hotel. Our room was a two room suite with a very large marble bath. We booked through Viking tours, and all of our group had these type of rooms. Everything looked new, may have been redone. It is also in a great location for walking to almost everything. Some of our group were on the other side of the river and had to cab everwhere. The breakfast was also great, with lots of choices.	
Oct 30 2006 	Excellent	This hotel is fabulous. The staff cannot do enough for you. Our room was beautiful. Clean and airy with beds which we sunk into. Don't leave without trying out a beauty treatment in the Banyan Tree Spa. Heavenly. I could not fault this hotel, it was great and a perfect location.	
Oct 20 2006 	Bad place to get sick!	Let me up! What a waste of money. Over done. Garrish. Felt like I was on the Titanic. Enough is enough. Opulent to a fault.After eating one of the apples set out in the room, I paid for the snack bigtime.This place is so out of touch with Shanghai, you might as well be on the moon or in Las Vegas. The best thing about this hotel is the woman at the frong desk who are as kind to you on the way in as they are to you on the way out.Never, ever again. What a waste of dough.	
Oct 16 2006 	Excellent Hotel - Would stay again	Spent a week at the Westin in Shanghai and loved every moment of it. Staff were wonderful and service impeccable. Our deluxe room on the 11th floor had direct views of the river with the Bund on one side and Pudong on the other. The light show across the river at Pudong at night was spectacular (shades of Lost in Translation - 80 story buildings with amazing video footage) My favourite was a white dove that started at the bottom on the building and flew to the top. Brilliant service - wonderful room - extra large fluffy white towels and bath robes. Couldn't have asked for more.My grateful thanks to all the staff. Will definately go again when I get the chance.RegardsNardya Colvin (Australia)	
Sep 12 2006 	Ok but wait until reno is done	My wife and I recently stayed at the Westin Shanghai. I agree with some of the other reviews in that the lobby and main atrium areas are excellent. The rooms are quite out dated though for a Westin. Business center is good for Internet but 40 RMB for 15 minutes is criminal. Internet was expensive all through China Starwood hotels. Get your act in order Starwood!We were upgraded to a suite however the room was still quite small. The beds are probably the worst thing about the room. Quite a shame since they do have Heavenly bed sheets on them. Make sure you can withstand a VERY hard mattress.The executive lounge on the 5th is excellent. I would highly recommend getting access to it. Standard fare for food (for asia, much better than lounges in NA) and free alcoholic drinks.I did speak with the concierge about the hotel. It seems the entire other tower is under renovation and thus closed until October. I have no doubt Westin will fix the room problems. As most of you SPG members are aware, Starwood is finishing off the Royal Le Meridien in the area. It is in a much better location for shopping and siteseeing (right at the corner of Tomorrow Square on Nanjing road(main shopping road). This should be open at the end of Sept. I took a look at the new hotel and it looks stunning. I would definitely stay there next time around. We also stayed at the Four Seasons. This hotel was by the far the best in Shanghai. The location is awesome nearby some fifth avenue types shopping and dining along upper Nanjing road. We had an awesome time there. Beds were amazing as well.Other than that I don't want to dis the Westin b/c it is in a nice area and you can do much worse.	
Aug 23 2006	Tacky mess--Shanghai meets Las Vegas	The hotel was clean and the staff was polite and efficient. However, the rooms were tiny and the decor was horrendous--dark wood and mirrors everywhere. This has to be one of the ugliest &quot;high-end&quot; hotels I have ever stayed in.	
May 26 2006	Excellent Hotel	Stayed for 4 nights as part of touring holiday ( by train) and we appreciated the luxury of the hotel after an overnight sleeper journey. We ate in the hotel each night and were not disappointed by any of the three restaurants - ate twice at 'EEST', very good ! The staff were very attentive. We had hoped to have a river view room, but this proved to be impossible, however we had a corner suite (upgraded at no extra cost) with a view across the Bund to Pudong. We actually loved the changing colour staircase ! so uplifting !We would particularly like to mention Mr. Lawson Sun (reservation manager) with whom we had been in contact by e-mail. and who booked train tickets for our onward journey, saving us a great deal of trouble and time; the tickets were waiting for us on arrival.A most enjoyable stay in this lovely hotel which we would recommend to both business travellers and tourists.	
May 11 2006	Stunning Hotel	I stayed at The Westin for two nights in the end of April. The Hotels design is just stunning. Despite being in Mainland China the level of english, spoken by the staff is great. From the moment we stepped in the Hotel until we left there was nothing left to be desired.Food was served flawless and with a high level of service. I will defenitely come back.	
May 10 2006	Avoid this hotel	For the first time we were disappointed and regretted to have, as we did for many years, systematically chosen a Starwood property whenever there is one available at our destination.The Shanghai Westin starts with a very big lie, everything makes believe that the property enjoys a high-rise Bund view, all pictures show a high building with a Westin-crown-like top when in fact the hotel is a different small ugly building hiding behind the one presented, and has no view at all. This is a dishonest unacceptable commercial trick, unworthy of Starwood to say the least.Our &quot;Executive Floor Deluxe&quot; room, with no view to speak of, was a narrow crammed space with a ridiculously small poorly fitted bathroom... And this was meant to be a GPG upgrade !The Executive Club is a poorly designed area, partly gained on a corridor, offering a miserable breakfast and an unhappy miser happy hour, rude and incompetent attendants. The staff there did not even know that Shanghai has a concert hall (world famous !) and gave us wrong information that deprived us from attending a temple festival we were looking forward too. (They said it's finished when it was not, we stupidly believed them and found this out two days later, when it was indeed finished) We never heard a &quot;sorry&quot;.The hotel's overall decoration is a joke of &quot;kitch&quot; with fluorescent colours and ridiculous bad but loud musical performance in the lobby, corridors are so low my husband had to bow his head to walk through, appalling food and very, very bad service at the ground floor restaurant, the other restaurant offers better food but looks like a poor motorway facility...At 450 $/night all in this sad affair is extremely overpriced compared to much better local hotels such as the Four Seasons and the Shangri-la, not to mention the fabulous, excellent Bangkok Royal Orchid Sheraton offering a large, well appointed stunning river view room (and a great Club service) for 1/3 of that price ! The Westin Shanghai is a a rip-off, a scandal, a shame for Starwood.We will certainly never choose a Westin property again and from now on we will think twice, check and ask before blindly and trustfully going for Starwood as we have been doing for over 20 years.	
May 3 2006	very disappointing	I grew up in Shanghai and have a special attachment to the area around the hotel. I booked for three nights but only managed to stay for one. The hotel was so close to the office buildings around it that one could literally see almost everything in those offices: computers, desks, file folders, etc. By induction, you would be on wide display if you left the curtains open. I checked in at 9pm and had to flee by 11 in the morning. I guess crowded buildings are to be expected in Shanghai. But for the Westin price, one would expect a bit more. Also, the service was polite but indifferent.	
Apr 21 2006 	Stunning Shanghai Hotel	My husband and I recently spent three most pleasant nights at the Westin Shanghai. We are SPG members and on arrival we were asked if we would like to upgrade from an SPG floor room to one of the Executive Levels for an extra US$70 per night. We were so glad we agreed to this as it included a lovely breakfast buffet in the Exec lounge, snacks and beverages all day, and best of all Happy hour from 5.30pm - 7.30pm. We are from Sydney and both enjoy a nice glass of wine. Imagine my horror when reading the wine list in the restaurant on the first night and seeing an Australian wine we pay around $10 for being charged at around $100 per bottle (or $20 glass). Off to the happy hour each night and the upgrade more than paid for itself.The rooms are very comfortable, and the luxury beds are wonderful. Marble bathroom is stunning and very well appointed. We ate one meal at the Lobby restaurant which was very nice, but went out to local restaurants for lunch and dinner for the rest of the time. If you love Peking Duck try and find this restaurant (I could not read the name!!). Come out of the Hotel and turn left Walk straight along and cross the street staying on the left hand side. You will see a building which is an office building, and may notice a restaurant on the second floor. Catch a lift to the 2nd floor and you will find an authentic Chinese restaurant that serves the most amazing Peking Duck (and many other lovely dishes). Four of us feasted for under AUD$60 and the service was most attentive. Cannot quite get used to people smoking in restaurants, but hey, we are not at home!!The Spa at the hotel was most luxurious and they offer a few discounts for hotel guests so it is not as expensive as it initially seems. They will also put a package together to suit your desires. I enjoyed a half hour back massage and a one hour facial, it was heavenly!!Staff are courteous at all times and whilst the lobby is a bit garish there is also something very intruiging and welcoming about the coloured stairs - sort of reminds of the horses that change colours in the Wizard of Oz.Highly recommend this haven in the middle of a very busy city.	
Mar 20 2006	Loved this hotel	Loved this hotel! My husband and I visited Shanghai with our two children and this is the only hotel that would guarantee us connecting rooms. Our two suites (each with it's own living room) were beautifully decorated in a contemporary Asian theme. The bedroom portion of the suite was somewhat small, but the overall layout was spacious. The bathroom was great! Beautiful marble, glass and lighting fixtures. Plenty of amenities. The staff was very courteous and helpful with the exception of the concierge. He spoke very little English and did not know anything about the new Circus/Acrobatic show in town. The breakfast buffet was plentiful, and the lunch menu had a good selection of Asian and Western items. Overall it was a great experience, and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Feb 13 2006 	Kooky lights 	I chose the Westin because it was one of the newer hotels and also because I usually like the Westin decor. The general fitout was kooky to say the least - palm trees (fake? real?), weird lobby layout and really garish stairs that lit up in different neon colours.The rooms was fine, although the water was disgusting - it stunk of mud and dirt. The first night I tried to have a shower, the bathroom flooded and water was everywhere.Beds were great, as usual. For a 5 star hotel, I expect more, particularly more subtlety.	
Jan 25 2006	Surprise in Shanghai	Spent a weekend back on Nov 2005 in Westin Hotel - Shanghai. Out of my surprise this 5-star Starwood's hotel is just right next to the Bund where all those designer shopping mall and brand new western restaurant is just 5mins walk from the hotel, so convenient! When you get bored with the other 5-star hotel in Shanghai, try Westin!	
Jan 11 2006	Best Hotel in Shanghai	My husband and I went to Shanghai over Christmas/New Years this year for 10 days.Because we were going to be there for a reasonable amount of time, we decided to stay at a few different hotels.The Grand Hyatt had the view, the Portman Ritz Carlton was the most elegant, and the Radisson New World had the friendliest staff and best location, but the Westin was by far the best all-around.The lobby is very modern and interesting, with lighting which changes colours in the stairs, and most of the restaurants are at the back of the first several levels so that you can enjoy overlooking the lobby.We only ate there twice, both at the buffet restaurant, once for breakfast and once for the &quot;hairy crab&quot; dinner buffet. Both were very good but priced as such, with a very wide variety of quality selections.Our room was a corner junior suite, with a beautiful, deep bathtub with a window overlooking the lights of the bund which was beautiful at night, and a separate glass shower. I very much liked the bathroom.Fresh fruit and bottled water were provided daily.The room amenities were good, the bed was comfortable, and there was a good selection of TV stations.The staff were pretty friendly and the concierge and parking attendants very helpful.Our trip to the pool was interesting. My husband said that the hot tub in the boys locker room was very new and modern, while my experience with the girls' locker room was the opposite... the hot tub bubbler was broken, the hot tub was old, with murkey water, and it seriously needed updating.The location of the Westin was very good... a few blocks from the Bund, and just off Nanjing Road, which leads to all the good shopping.It was a bit more out of the way than the Sofitel or Radisson, but the quality of the hotel much higher.I would make this my hotel of choice for my next visit to Shanghai, most definitely!	
Jan 11 2006	Not worth the price	I thought that the hotel was average, slightly overpriced for what was offered. We were there for New Years and decided to stay at the hotel for the party, the buffet was excellent but for 4 days the total bill was very high compared to what services we had. We did explore around and other hotels in that price range seemed to have more to offer. I probably wont stay there again.	
Jan 8 2006	Excellent Experience	I stayed at an upper floor and the room had a great view toward the Bund direction. The bathroom, its spectacular view and its rain-fall shower were very impressive. The room was nicely decorated and the ambiance was refine. It had a separate living area but it was on the smaller side. Then again, this is the city of Shanghai.In my opinion, this hotel came across as a hotel for business travelers with a more polite functional style of services as compared to the attentiveness of other five-star hotels in Asia. I actually found the location of this hotel not as convenient unless you have business nearby or you wish to be able to walk to the Bund. The massage at the SPA was fine but I think it was overpriced for what it has to offer.Overall wise, it was an excellent experience for its room and the service was commendable. I'd consider this hotel again for my next visit.	
Jan 3 2006	Service and stay at the Westin was divine!	Just returned from a three night stay at the Westin in Shanghai.Was bowled over by the fantastic service of the staff.Everyone , from the porter, the concierge , the receptionist took pains to make our stay truly a home away from home. Beds in the guestroom were comfatable, and the toilet was extremely clean. Ambiance at the hotel was bright , cheery and modern. Avoid this hotel if you like old-style decor and ambiance. There's a very good gym and spa on the third floor of the hotel. We chose to stay at this hotel largely because of its location-- its right on the bund , just a five minute walk from celebrated restaurants like the Whampoa Club and Jean Georges ( which are in a building called No 3 on the Bund ) and a five block walk from Nanjing Road , which is a major shopping street in Shanghai.One major note of caution for first-time visitors to Shanghai-- do not assume that just because Shanghai is a major business city, that the general standard of English spoken and understood by the populace is high.Most of the Shanghainese thatI met do not speak English at all, or very minimally.I understand that in Beijing, which is the capital, English is much more widely spoken and understood. So if you are not Mandarin speaking , try to bring a friend who is conversant in the language,especially when trying to take a cab.The taxi-drivers whom I met didn't understand an iota of English at all!	
Nov 25 2005	very good hotel but still needs some improvment	We stayed in westin for 6 days in Oct. Nice room, very nice bathroom. The staffs are good, but are so so if you are not business travelers. There are a lot of Chinese women &quot;hanging around&quot; in the bar and &quot;looking for foreign friends&quot;, The hotel does not really borther at all, because hotel makes money when the guy buys drinks, etc for the girls. I just hope this is a bit discreet although I do realize people have to make a living somehow. We are from Washington, DC. The five start hotels will never let this happen in the lobby and bar over here. Overall, nice hotel for business travelers, and not so friendly to young people.	
Oct 18 2005	almost perfect	We had a 3-night stay at the Westin and it was great. The price was high compared to other hotels in the vincinity, but it is a class on its own.We had a buffet dinner and that was average. We didn't visit any of the other restaurants.In the afternoon we ordered in-room lasagna, but that was a great dissappointment. Every Italian would scream for the sacrilege of this classic dish. There were noodles and prawns in it, in stead of pasta and grounded meat. The Westin didn't charge this meal for we returned it untouched.Apart from the lasagna-dissaster we had a fun time in all the luxury we could wish for. It felt like coming home after a stroll through the city. The location was also ideal, direct next to the Bund. Enough reasons to classify the hotel as excellent!	
Sep 2 2005 	Its good	We stayed in a two bedroomed suite. It was good value, modern compared to other hotels. Wonderful restaurants in nice settings. It does have big groups staying so you need to book ahead.	
Sep 1 2005	We got upgraded	We arrived at 2PM on Wed. but were told that they did not have a king sized bed for my wife and me. To compensate us as Starwood members, they gave us an upgraded room on the 15th floor, complete with a separate sitting area, 2 TVs, a desk with FAX, and a deluxe large marbeled bathroom. Everything was in working order after we figured out the complex lighting system. The staff was friendly, but their English was spotty - some passable while others were minimal. It seems that English speaking skills found in hotel staffs in mainland China remain a weakness... in comparison to other tourist cities and especially Hong Kong.	
Aug 9 2005	A very lovely hotel however	This is a beautiful, immaculate, ultramodern hotel, however our room had very little storage/closet space. The bathroom was gorgeous, but no counter space and very poor lighting. The one outlet in the bathroom is for &quot;shavers only&quot;, making it almost impossible to use the blow dryer provided. The room appears well suited for male business travelers, and ill-suited for females who want to put on make up and blow dry their hair!The spa is outstanding. Service throughout the hotel is outstanding.	
Jul 22 2005 	Great Hotel 	Hi,I have been on the road a lot lately and one thing I must say is key for a great hotel stay is a _great_ spa in the hotel... Yes, the Westin has a great spa... Check it out when you go.Now to the standard chat... Rooms: The rooms are very nice, see pictures... The location is very good, in the middle of a lot of action. Service: The service is friendly and quick. If you forget to plan ahead and book reservations for dinner at that super hot place - not a problem, just go by the Concierge's desk and they will get you in. Food: The hotel has several restaurants, you can go to a casual place, buffet style downstairs - great brunch, all the way to a fancy sit down dinner type place. Tours: Also if you are only in town for 1-2 days, they can set you up for a 1 day tour with a private guide and car. Not too expensinve and a quick way to get around town. Why not Excellent? Well, I tend to mark &quot;Excellent&quot; for above and beyond service with unparallel experience. This hotel is great, I will be back, don't get me wrong. However, very few hotels will get &quot;Excellent&quot; in my book. The 2 most important questions:Would I got back? Yes.Would you recommend this hotel to your best friend? Yes.Happy Travels!	
Jul 20 2005 	The Westin Shanghai is Fantastic!	I just got back from 2 different stays at the Westin and both were very nice. The Westin is located in a great area of Shanghai very close to The Bund. You must take a stroll down to the Bund it has a very European feel at night on one side and the other side is very China with the big buildings that light up and the Pearl TV Tower. I first had room 1811 which was great with a nice city view this was a corner room and was very quiet. The second room was 1111 and had the exact same layout just down a few floors. I would stay here again in a heart beat. The Health club was top notch and the Spa looked like every girls dream.	
Jul 11 2005	The Westin Shanghai Surprise	While the Grand Hyatt across the river can boast of being the tallest in the world, there's still something to be said about staying in a hotel that's a crowning presence along Shanghai's historic Bund. No, the hotel isn't on the avenue per se, its a 5-minute walk away; and yet it's presence is a landmark sight, lighting up the nightscape for tourists to ogle at every evening. As for the service, yes, the Westin lives up to all the hype...cool, crisp, almost cold attendance from everyone. The room I got was a corner deluxe with a magnificent view of the river, thanks, I presume to an earlier request made via e-mail. Kudos to the reservations officer. The breakfast buffet was rather run of the mill--certainly not to be confused with the weekend brunch which is over the top if you're in the mood for excesses. Be especially wary of language barriers and miscommunication when dealing with the Concierge. When I asked for a taxicab to the Armani store, I was brought on a 40-minute taxi horror ride to an Armani Bar across town. Not the fault of the taxi really--the concierge assumed this was where I wanted to go and wrote it down for the driver. All this in the middle of the afternoon....talk about being Shanghai'd! Will I stay there again? Truth be told, I've gotten mighty curious about the tallest one across the river. But for sheer proximity to the charms of Shanghai--the Westin deserves its mighty crown. PS: I think the Heavenly beds are over-hyped...they're nice--but really, to call them heavenly reeks to much of the marketing arm.	
Jun 15 2005	No King bed for you!!		
May 29 2005	Fabulous Hotel		
May 20 2005	Lovely hotel		
May 12 2005 	location location location		
May 1 2005	Living on the Bund in Shanghai		
Mar 25 2005	A "Must Stay" hotel.		
Mar 20 2005 	Chic Shanghai address		
Dec 9 2004	Living on the loud side		
Nov 16 2004	Excellent Hotel		
Oct 9 2004	Nice addition to Shanghai		
Nov 11 2009 	??????????????????????		
Oct 4 2009 	????????		
Sep 2 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 16 2009 	????GOOD		
Aug 3 2009 	????		
Jul 25 2009 	??????????????????????????????		
Jul 23 2009 	?????????		
Mar 25 2009 	?????????????		
Mar 6 2009 	?????????????		
Feb 26 2009 	???????		
Jan 13 2009 	???????????		
Jan 9 2009 	????????????		
Oct 30 2008 	???GOOD!		
Aug 16 2008 	????????????????		
Dec 2 2007 	On s'y sent bien !		
Sep 21 2007 	Un precioso hotel		
Nov 11 2006 	das Beste in Old Shanghai		
Jul 15 2006	SPLENDIDO HOTEL		
