	Hidden Gem in Pudong	This hotel proves that Pudong is a great base for a Shanghai visit.We stayed here for half the price that we paid for our Puxi-side hotel, but we were very comfortable nonetheless. Outstanding Courtyard hotel, with marble lobby and foyer. The staff graciously granted our request for extra towels too. Room service was satisfactory and everything was clean. The bathroom is immaculate, with a deep tub and two massage showerheads, perfect for a tiring day of exploration.Within walking distance were a few Chinese and international restaurants, a shopping center, a subway exit. The Pudong sights are one or two subway exits away and People's Square is the exit after those.Free wifi would have made our stay perfect, but internet access was just too expensive.If you're on a budget but want to stay in a comfortable hotel that's nearby the main attractions in Shanghai, this is the place for you.	
Nov 23 2009 	My "go to" hotel	I have stayed at this hotel at least 10 times. It might not be the greatest hotel in Shanghai but for the price it is my hotel of choice. The rooms are clean, the food is great, the service is excellent, and the location is strategic. For me, I like to stay here because it is closer to the airport and also closer to the Pudong Riverwalk area with the great restaurants. A taxi to the hotspot is about 5 minutes and 15 RMB. Everyone speaks great English and the GM is a wonderful Aussie lady who really knows how to run a hotel! For the price you simply cannot beat it. The breakfast buffet is excellent. I only wish the internet was cheaper than $20 per day, but that is a Marriott decision throughout China...	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Value	The best Courtyard Marriot you'll ever stay in. The restaurant, club-level lounge, room -- everything was much nicer than you'd expect at this price. I wouldn't stay here on vacation, but for a work trip it was just right.	
Oct 12 2009 	Excellent value and convenient	We took advantage of a very low rate on expedia, and although there were some surprise fees (perhaps fully disclosed but hard to understand), it was a very good experience. The location is quite convenient - very inexpensive to get a cab into Puxi, or to take the metro, just two blocks away. Good breakfast at a &quot;au bon pain&quot; type place 1/2 block away on the way to the metro. We at first were unsure of staying in Pudong because it seemed so far from the 'action' in Puxi, but really it's so easy to get back and forth, and frankly we liked Pudong - easier to breathe, and the price was just incredible. Rooms were very nice, and staff was very friendly and helpful. Only complaint - the business center is astronomically expensive - you can easily spend more at the business center than your room costs, so keep it to a minimum!	
Aug 10 2009 	Very good hotel for a correct price	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and found a very good hotel for a correct price. Although this is not a luxury hotel as a standard Marriott hotel, we had a big room with a king size bed and a high quality service. The staff speaks a very good english, which is not the standard in China.I would recommend this hotel for people looking for a good and reliable accomodation for a good price.	
Aug 2 2009 	Good Stay for weekend.	I got quite a good deal at just over 450 RMB per night over the weekend including tax.Very helpful staff at the check-in desk, they were a big help as I had problems with my checkin. The staff at the lobby bar is also very friendly and helpful. Overall I had a good stay at the hotel over the weekend. It is quite new a new shopping mall called 96???	
Jul 2 2009 	Good	The location of this property may not be too strategic for shopping but due to convenience to office, i have selected this hotel. The rates offered is also quite affordable compared to many other hotels. Though the hotel looked quite dodgy from outside but its actually not too bad. What i like about this hotel is the room is actually quite nice and cosy. The rooms are also kept very clean which is my main concern. I had trouble using their steam iron and within few minutes from my call to the operator, I had the housekeeping girl came to assist me. Though sha cant speak english very well but she is definitely very friendly and helpful. The reception staffs were quite friendly as well. I also like the bellboys cos they always helped me to catch a cab. They were helpful all the time.I would recommend this hotel for those who wants value for money. I only used the room and breakfast facilities, the rest I have not explored. As for breafast selection, it was not too extensive but i love the croissonts! It was excellent!	
Jun 23 2009 	Good Hotel Great Service for the frequent traveler.	During 2007-2008, I spent 6 months (off and on) living in Shanghai. The Courtyard Marriott became my 2nd home.The hotel itself is a 10-15 minute walk from the PuDong Times Square (shopping area), but there isn't much else near the hotel, and there is limited food (McDonalds, local restaurants) nearby. The restaurant itself has a nice Chinese and American restaurants, although it is a little pricey (typical for Shanghai restaurants that cater to Americans). The rooms are very clean, but are slightly below average in size, and non-descript.However, what I loved about this hotel was the staff. They will do anything to please you if you just ask them. One of my colleagues lost his luggage and only had one shirt, but the bellhop top his only shirt and found a laundry service open at another hotel at 2am and had it cleaned for him. This was typical of the service level that I experienced. After being there for 2-3 weeks, all the staff called me by name.If your business travel requires you to be within walking distance of PuDong Times square, I would recommend this hotel. If you are traveling on vacation, I would recommend a hotel on the Puxi side.	
May 17 2009 	Good Hotel  Very helpful Staff	I found the hotel comfortable &quot;Not Luxurious&quot; The staff were very polite, and helped whenever asked.Breakfasts were good, The Place to eat looked very small, but there was always tables and so it worked very well&quot;The food of an evening and day is excellent value for money and the staff are happy to explain whats what.Only complaint i had , was the prices of the drinks &quot;alcoholic&quot; Spirits are extortionate , doubles i would avoid , at best they are triple the UK price if not more.The internet is also far too expensive, although worked well &quot;This should have been Free of charge&quot;I would certainly stay here again on my next trip	
Apr 5 2009 	A very friendly hotel...but not near anything terribly exciting	We stayed here for 4 nights for business and were quite pleased overall with the experience. The rooms were clean and designed in an Asian theme. Beds were comfortable, and pillows fluffy. HOWEVER, it was freezing cold in the city when we arrived, and there was heat in the hotel. The front desk said that the heat is controlled by head office so they do not have authority to turn it on and off at their free will. So we froze. They did give us extra blankets, but in zero degree weather, we need heating. Especially considering it's a Marriott hotel! For food, McDonalds is just down the road a bit, and there are plenty of local restaurants near the hotel as well. Unfortuantely, there is only one shopping mall within walking distance from the hotel, but there is a larger one further down the road (we didn't try to walk it), but I suspect it's a 20-30 minute walk away. Also, you have to pay for Internet. It was quite expensive from what I remember. I'd go back if they'd turn on their heating when it's cold, and AC when it's hot. P.S. Andy the bellhop boy is a gem. Very smily and friendly.	
Mar 24 2009 	Average Business Hotel	Rooms:Low ceiling but room furnishings and bed was clean and comfortable. Toilet could do with a more luxurious feel. Air-con temperature not adjustable or slow to response. Breakfast:Service staff was courteous. Unfortunately, food was never replenish and there were too many empty trays (did not matter if I came to breakfast at 7.30am or 9am). Hot food (i.e Fried Eggs, Noodles) counter kitchen staff generally ignored the customers, so had to raise my voice to get some attention. Food was too plain and if this did not come with my Room fee, I would not have bothered. But savings grace was their Juice counter which had a variety of freshly squeeze juice.Facilities:Gym was small and not condusive for a workout.Service:Generally, the staff was courteous and good natured. Room extension for 1 hour was rejected. This hotel also caters to local businessman, and they tend to bud-in when you are dealing with the counter staff.Location:In the Pudong area with many local and also cheap eateries nearby. For shopping, there is a local shopping mall 2 blocks away. Within 10mins walking distance of Yaohan and Times Sqaure. Massage Shops (probably the happy ones) round the corner.	
Feb 20 2009	Very plush comfortable Hotel more than the average traveller needs	No mistake this is a very nice hotel - but probably a bit over the top for most travellers paying their own bill. Rooms are spacious and spotlessly clean, service is first class - but the place lacks any real atmosphere. Ideal for a business trip or an overnight stay but not really for the leisure traveller. Pudong is a fair hike from The Bund, Yu Gardens and Nanging Road so holidaymakers might be better off with a more central location.	
Jan 5 2009 	Very good hotel in Pudong	One night stay for business.The hotel was suggested by a major customer with special rates. Slept in a big suite at a very good price.	
Dec 25 2008 	Very good hotel in Shanghai	A perfect hotel in Shanghai, with a very helpful and smiling staff. We definitely recommend this hotel, even if it is a bit far from the city centre (if one can define a center in Shanghai), and reachable by direct metro (line 7, 4 and 6 at Century Avenue) or taxi (not expensive, expect 20 RMB minimum to go to old town for instance).	
Dec 22 2008 	Decent hotel good location	Stayed here on a free night in Shanghai. Decent rate and good location. About 2 blocks from metro station. 45 mintes by taxi to airport.	
Oct 27 2008	Not Marriott Quality; There Are Better Places in Shanghai	I spend many nights a year at Marriotts because they are consistently above average. This hotel was the exception.The front desk check-in was slow and lackadaisical. They refused to accept my Marriott card for reasons that they could not explain. When my message light was on and the message said there was a package at the front desk, they could not find the package (it was delivered to my room several hours later.) There are not enough elevators to service all of the floors, and they elevators were s-l-o-w. The food was average.The room was smallish. There was one small water bottle in the room (for two people) whereas every other hotel we stayed at in China had two large ones. The hair drier did not work and there was a large stain on the carpet. The first morning we were there the room contained 6 packets of decaf coffee and none of regular. The second morning we were there the shower head blew off the shower when we turned it on. The soap bar in the bathroom was miniscule; hardly shower size.This was the worst hotel we stayed at in China. I could not believe it was a Marriott property.	
Sep 21 2008 	Decent and Good Value	A little rough and worn around the edges but decent hotel for business or pleasure providing good value. Comfortable bed (Marriott standard) and average room size. Could be a little cleaner (carpets need good cleaning) and hot water takes some time to get going. Staff is English-challenged but you can usually communicate or they'll find staff with better English skills. Restaurant (Spices) has limited menu and food is just average. For example, fish and chips should not be frozen fish sticks. Recommend you eat out or at another hotel (e.g. Shangri-La has good restaurants but pricey). McDonald's and KFC are within walking distance if you are desperate for fast food. ATM (China Construction Bank) is right around the corner.You can walk to nearest Metro station (Line 2) about 15 minutes away (Century Avenue station), which can put you on the other side of the river in the heart of the Bund (Nanjing Road) in about 10 minutes. Walking distance to Oriental Pearl Tower and two tall towers (Jin Mao and Shanghai World Financial Center); about 20-30 minutes.I prefer Renaissance Pudong because it is newer and nicer but you can save a couple hundred or more yuan by staying at the Courtyard.	
Sep 7 2008 	Very happy with this Hotel	I am writing this from my room in the Shanghai Courtyard Marriott on my third night here. MY AC works great; the food is very good (a little pricey, breakfast is overpriced for Shanghai), room service is quick and efficient. Taxi rides to everywhere are very reasonable and there is a metro station within a short walk. I have had no communication problems and everyone has been extremely nice here. Best of all the bed is larger and the pillows are down-filled and abundant! Much better than my first five nights which I spent at the Zhongyou hotel. Great hotel if you are here on business.	
May 30 2008 	Good Value Hotel. Location is ok.	For the money, this hotel is a decent deal. Although, there are better options out there. The hotel is clean as well as the rooms. Nothing fancy. It is an american business hotel. Although, it is much bigger than the Courtyard Mariott's in the states. The food is great in the Cafe, especially the buffet. The bar is in the atrium and is nice as well. The A/C for some reason doesn't work very well. We had problems in one of our rooms with the A/C and were switched to another room. The lobby is also hot sometimes as I guess the hotel likes to save money on A/C. It is about a five minute walk to the Metro and we couldn't find the hotel upon exiting the metro, so make sure you get directions where the hotel is upon exiting the metro. I would definately recommend taking the MagLev from the Airport to the Metro, then using the Metro over a Cab ride, it is much cheaper.It is located in Pudong, but there is not much around. Cab rides around the City are very cheap, so getting to the Bund or the French Concession is fairly inexpensive.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great value hotel!	I am glad I stayed at the Courtyard Shaghai in Pudong. This hotel is superior than the Courtyard hotels in the US. The entrance lobby with marble floors is elegant. My room and bathroom were clean, quiet and the bed comfortable. They provide you with terry bathrobbe and slippers. The staff is courteous and always smiling. The times I requested room service, they were at my door within minutes. While the hotel offers Western and Chinese cuisine, I preferred to eat in the restaurants close to the hotel, which are very good and inexpensive. The only drawback is that is not close to downtown Shanghai. You have to take a taxi or the subway (a 5-10 minute walk). Fortunately the cost for a ride into town is dirt cheap, anywhere $3.50 to $5.00 and taxi drivers don't expect a tip!	
Dec 30 2007 	Good business hotel	Good hotel for business purposes but because it's in Pudong, you have to rely on public transportation or the cab to go to Shanghai which means planning about an hour each way. Otherwise, the rooms are nice, clean and comfortable and the service is what you expect from MarriottCourtyard.	
Oct 25 2007 	Good quality convenient location	A fairly typical Marriott hotel which fills a tower in the Pudong area of Shanghai. This is the main business district and the hotel is squarely aimed at business customers. This is not the cheapest business hotel in Shanghai by a long way, but it's not extortionate for the level of service provided. It has all the usual features - reasonable sized rooms with good quality beds and furniture, effective air con, good cleanliness, well equipped bathroom, Internet (at a charge), hotel shop, concierge.... Breakfast is plentiful and available from 6.30. Some unusal items that reflect the local cuisine, but all the western staples are there if you are not feeling adventurous.Most desk staff are English speaking; other staff less so, but no major problems encountered.A big plus is that the hotel is only a block from the Shiji Avenue metro stop. This is on the line that connects with the airport maglev in one direction, and runs through the city centre in the other. In total it took me 30 mins from leaving the airport terminal to arriving at the hotel, which is 30 mins less than it took a colleague to do it in a taxi.There is also a range of shops and restaurants within walking distance.	
Apr 3 2007	Take the Heat	Five nights of Misery. Lack of quality communication is the basic harrasment you will face. Most of the staffers are trainees so they are worse in language and skills.My misery royale was the poor airconditoning and roon temperature around 24 degrees celcius and to add injury to nsult they maintained that its official temperature.No senior met me to resolve the problem or change my room. Food and room service a disappontment. In general a total disappointment. f i had time i would have checked out the second day.Saving Grace is clean rooms, comfortable beds and good housekeeping.	
Mar 17 2007	Beautiful Hotel	This is a beautiful hotel and the staff was supremely welcoming. My workplace booked this hotel, so I was not expecting much. I was very pleasantly surprised. My one and only complaint, and it's not really a complaint, is that the restaurant menu could have had more selection for dinner. However, I'm a picky eater so don't put too much stock in that comment. Breakfast buffet selection western food) was really yummy.	
Oct 3 2006	Best deal in Shanghai	I've stayed at a number of Courtyards in the US, so I guess I was expecting something similar in Shanghai. Instead I was treated to something more on the level of Marriott's finer domestic hotels. The staff was great and it'll cost half of what the upper echelon hotels will run you. The neighborhood is a bit boring, but a $2 cab ride will get you to the subway and from there anywhere you could want to go.	
May 24 2006	Great Hotel	Stayed 5 nights at this wonderfully run hotel ..congratulations to all the staff .. professional and very polite and friendly.	
Oct 6 2009 	??????????????		
Apr 23 2009 	Excelente pero caro		
