Nov 2 2009 	In the heart of Huangpu District	In the heart of Huangpu District. Easy access to all the interesting points. 	
Oct 23 2009 	Great Location highly recommend.	Hotel is very clean and you get free internet in the room. We stayed at the business suite and it came with a computer as well, not sure about the other rooms. The decor is very over the top chinese style furnishing. Bed is quite comfortable. The large bathtub is a small plus.The restaurant is below expectations. Definitely do not count on great food if you plan on dining in the hotel. I'd suggest you take the short walk to Nanjing Rd, where there's plenty to choose. We tried the breakfast buffet and would definitely not recommend it. It cost RMB$90 (around $13 US) and it was terrible. You can get way better food elsewhere for a fraction of that.Hotel is very well located. Most of the main Shanghai attractions are within walking distance. Nanjing Rd (10-15 min. walk), Bund (15-20 min. walk), YuYuan Garden (20-30 min. walk), People square (15-20 min. walk). The Nanjing Rd East Subway station is only 5-10 min. walk and you can take the subway to almost any location. Getting in from Pudong Int'l Airport, we took a taxi and came out to RMB$186, and about 75 min ride. If you don't have much luggage, it's faster to take the MagLev Train to the Longham station (RMB$50), then take the Subway Metro 2 (RMB$4) to the Nanjing Rd East station, walk up exit 3 and turn left as you exit the station. Then just walk down about 3-4 blocks (about 10-15 min.) and the hotel will be at the intersection with Guangdong rd. Definitely recommend this hotel for the price. BTW, we paid around $79 / night.	
Oct 19 2009 	Reasonable location 	Stayed for 4 nights in executive suite on 25th floor. Any commentary has to be aware of the rating and for 5 star one can get a little picky. We booked online and paid about US$500 for the 4 nights total.Staff are friendy for a Chinese run hotel (which is often not the case).On arrival we were ushered to the 31st florr for VIP checkin which was a little strage as there was nobody waiting in the foyer. But all went smoothly and efficiently to get us into the room in super quick time.It has two older style TVs, nice big bed and separate TV / coimputer / louge area. No that big but quite sufficient. The PC provided has reasonable speed for basic work and quite functional. I found mysilf using it rather then the laptop. Reasonable view through the fog (nobody likes calling it pollution as such).Make sure you bring your own shampoo as both of us found teh one small container supplied was worse then soap. They also have no conditioner supplied which was also a little annoying given the bad quality of the shampoo.there is a local English paper in the foyer which is worth a quick read.It was impossible to get a rate online that included breakfast so the first morning we did try it out and it was quite OK but we could not get out heads around the 90RMB price tag. There are many cafes and restaurants nearby where you can experionce some local Chinese flavour for much much less.Its a short wallk to the walking street (East Nanjing) which is worth the trip and there are many good restaurants around there also. Don't jump into the ones at street level which will be overpirced but venture up a few levels for reasonable value and good quality.Otherwise you can grab a taxi (min 12RMB) which will zip (except for the incredible traffic) you to the other major sites of old town (fairly close), Pudong, etc.Overall I would stay here again asl long at the rates were at a 4 star level.	
Sep 27 2009 	Greta Location - good value	Stayed at Salvo many many times and whilst the hotel is getting a bit tired the location next to the Bund and Nanjing Road cannot be beaten for the price.Try and get an upgrade to upper floor as the views can be superb. Don't expect large rooms - but they are big enough Excellent top floor bar, but don't bother with the hotel restaurants as they leave a lot to be desired. Execption to that is the Japanese on the gound floor. Staff are pretty good and helpful, but not overly so	
Sep 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel - 5* low priced hotel + Excellent location	Stayed at the Salvo Hotel on September 24. I stayed in a business queen suite which consists of a bedroom and an office room. Excellent hotel with an oriental influence. Located 2 minutes away from Nanjing Road. Rates very affordable compared to other hotels in Shanghai (paid approximately $100 USD). Will be my hotel for all future trips in Shanghai.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location.	Stayed here for two nights. Rooms were large - actually a business suite but very reasonable - booked through Expedia. Big bonus was the internet available in the room. Bathroom very clean not overly large but separate shower - very fancy and a corner bath. Furniture a little old fashioned in appearance with a slight Chinese flavour (well it is China), two TV'S. Were on the 17th floor with a great view of the river. Location was super, just a few minutes walk to The Bund (unfortunately a building site due to Expo 2010) and Nanjing Road. Staff were polite, courteous and informative, particularly the bell boys. Great value for money in Shanghai.	
Aug 15 2009 	Good value great location	The Salvo Hotel (what a fantastic name!) is very well located in central Shanghai and is very close to the Bund and the Old Town. It is a local Chinese-owned and operated hotel and thus guests shouldn't expect Western-style decor - there were lots of gold carp in my room! Having said that, all the staff I met spoke good English. Service in general was fast and efficient. The room had all the basics, CNN, and a very good internet connection. Overall, I would stay here again. Its good value for money and is very well located.	
Aug 10 2009 	Good hotel I would recommend it to a good friend	Loved the hotel, good English speaking staff, location close to many touristic places (although it is located in an old area in Shanghai, maybe if you want a really modern place you could stay across the river in Pudong area).Nice suite with a living room and a separate bedroom. Big bath tube and separate shower with lots of controls. We had a computer (yes, they provide a computer for guests) with free internet (a MUST have in hotels nowadays and specially in China)!The western restaurant menu was not so attractive (and a little expensive compared to China standards). I would recommend getting things from the room service instead: more options and cheaper! Also, check the best prices for the drinks from the room service and the minibar, they are different!We booked this hotel through the booking.com website and got the VIP check-in on the 31st floor.	
Jul 26 2009 	Excellent place to stay in the middle of Shanghai	I loved this hotel! I was surprised to see a few bad reveiws, and all I can say is that our stay was wonderful. The location is perfect; near the bund and all the shopping. Lots of little alleys to explore and wander through. Easy walking distance to many places of interest.Our room was actually a suite, with separate bedroom with a Bund view. The furniture was not exactly my style, but it was newish, clean and seemed to fit the mood. We had water in the room daily, along with a variety of teas. The bathroom was modern with a very cool shower and separate bathtub. And the best, of course, was a computer with free internet in the room! We had no problem at all with the staff. The wait help in the buffet restaurant were not particularly friendly, but they were busy helping a large number of people. I enjoyed the variety at the breakfast buffet. The fruit was fresh and seasonal, including lychee, watermelon, longon, and others. They also had a nice cheese platter, along with Chinese Juk, and traditional western-style food. All in all, I would stay there again with no hesitation. I thought it was a great room for the price.	
May 22 2009 	Worse In Asia So Far	This is by far the worse hotel we have stayed since traveling through Seoul, Beijing and Shanghai. We originally had reservations for three nights and after the first few hours immediately decided to change our reservations and switch hotels. We requested an early check-in and were told no problem. When we arrived after a 9 hour train ride, we were told we would have to wait until noon. Ridiculous. The rooms are old and worn. The bathroom is very small and dirty. For lunch we ordered room service and the girl did not speak any english. It took 30 minutes of calling back and forth to get our order in. I called the Assistant Manager for help and he did not do anything except have the girl who spoke no English call us back. Then when I called the Assistant Manager again he said he could not help because he was eating lunch and was busy! We then wanted to go to Cloud 9 at the Grand Hyatt. When we went to the conceirge to get a taxi, we waited for five minutes while the employees were goofing around. Then we asked how much the taxi would be and how long of a ride. We were told over 30RMB and it would take 20 minutes. He set us up with a taxi and told the driver to charge us 35RMB, no meter. The taxi ride took 10 minutes. On our return taxi trip, we used the meter and it only cost 15RMB. Ridiculous.The breakfast buffet is disgusting, the fruit is not fresh. The furniture is worn. We were shown to a dirty table that was actually being used by another return guest. Horrible.This has been the worse hotel experience ever. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Anyone that likes this hotel must only have experience staying at cheap motels back home and do not know better.Also the high-speed internet takes about five minutes to load a web page.	
Jan 6 2009 	Loved it great location staff very helpful free internet in every room!	We were pleasantly suprised when we arrived at teh Salvo as it was a fairly 'cheap' option compared to others in shanghai. Location is great and our room overlooked the bund, great view. ROOM;Its very traditional in its design lots of dark wood and gold, very nice, our room had a big bathroom with a corner bath andf great shower, hairdryer was nice and powerful as well (normally a problem for me with having long hair to dry) Each room has a desk and sofa and chairs, 2 tvs, computer with free internet which is an excellent resource. HOTEL: Concierge very heplful with luggage, taxis, directions etc and speak quite good english. Business centre in there were we booked train tickets, commission was a lot and you could def get cheaper but we just found it convenient.. Girl in there was pretty rude though. December seems to be time for renovations in China as yet again there was work going on and some banging/noise. Then on the 2nd of 3 nights they made us move rooms which i was not happy at all but they did upgrade us. (I wouldnt recommend payong for an upgrade, not much difference at all, just couple more freebies and a table and chairs)LOCATIONGreat, you can easlily walk to the Bund area or taxis are very cheap. Shopping is great at the markets leave room in your case! M on the BUnd fabulous restuarant you must go, WEstern food, but very very good, reasonably priced (£21 for 3 course meal on new years day) and the concierge cannot do enough for you, service was impeccable.	
Dec 4 2008 	Perfect Choice	After being in the last two year in two other different and cheaper accommodations, I decided to book this hotel since my &quot;boss&quot; come with us and wanted a more comfortable hotel.After some search, and reading the TA reviews as usual, I decided to book this hotel since it seemed to be the best quality/price ratio for that period.I must say that I was happy with my choice.. I don't want to repeat the general description of the hotel itself, so, as usual, I'll write my &quot;The Good, the Bad and the Ugly&quot;THE GOOD1) Location - it is 5 minutes (two blocks) away from Nanjing Road E and 10 minutes from the Bound. Placed in a small and safe one-way road, traffic noise is not present at all!2) Rooms - clean, medium space. We booked higher floor rooms, both single and double, and the result was a nice view, especially during the night.3) Breakfast - we were very happy about it - plenty of stuff, promptly refilled, both European and Asian style.4) Room maid - perfect!! Not disturbing you not requested, cleaning room in a short time while you are out..THE BAD1) The lobby bar - overpriced for being in China. A Tea/Coffee is offered at 5 euro each.. also the last floor bar, with live music, has very high prices.. but.. you should know before entering it..2) The crowded check-out - a long queue is present every morning, and you can take about 20 minutes to process it. This because this hotel is used by different &quot;tourist group&quot;, so if you are just behind them, you just need to be patience!3) Bath tube: even if provided with an &quot;old-style&quot; plastic curtain, (and using it in the right way), the water was flooding everywhere on the floor. Maybe, placing a fixed glass protection, at least at the beginning of the tube, would solve this problem.. THE UGLY1) Ok, I faced some problems: I asked the receptionist for a late check-out, and the answer was &quot;you book through an internet website, you should contact them to modify the reservation&quot;.. what?? just for a late check-out? Well, since I'm stubborn, I go again the day later, and the receptionist told me &quot;No problem, I can do it for you&quot;.. so.. It was a matter of the girl at the desk..2) Hotel Travel agency - I had to book two internal flights and the train.. ok, they did it, but they were really impolite. They also tried to overprice the transfer to the airport with their van. As usual: trade trade trade - you are in China!! Pay attention: if you are going to pay with Credit Card (as I guess 90% of you usually do), the Travel Agency will make you pay about 5% commissions. As you can see, very few bad things.. nothing compared to the nice time we spent in a clean and friendly hotel. The Concierge was very useful, suggesting us 4 different restaurant which was one better than the other!!I strongly recommend you this hotel for the location, the clear rooms, the good service and the prices.. an independent hotel brand which has nothing less compared to more famous (and expensive) international brands.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Location for Shanghai	This was a great hotel with a super location. The room itself is very large and clean. Loved the fact I had a computer in my room for my personal use. Water provided daily which was a nice touch. Many places are easy to walk to from here or take a taxi - they are pretty cheap!! I would stay here again and recommend to anyone.	
Aug 10 2008	Comfortable but a little bit boring	The Salvo is a five star hotel, living up to all expectations in both rooms and service. It's a little bit boring, compare to the west brand hotels as Park Hyatt, Radisson and Westin in Shanghai. If the Salvo is much less expensive then these, I would stay here again. The location is good in Huangpu next to the Bund and the shopping street. Great breakfast in the restaraunt at top floor with a nice view. Expensive but nice top-bar, where we was the only guest, with a fantastic view of the Bund and the radio tower. Roomservice was great and was delivered with a smile. Rooms was very spacius and well equipped with everything you need. Large bathroom with bathrobe and slippers, corner tub and shower. Seperate living area and bedroom and stuffed with great amenities. It's not a international hotel and you can feel the chinese management style overall, but it is ok. We had a good stay!	
Aug 2 2008 	Overnight Stay	I stayed at this hotel for 1 night before catching my return flight home. It is roughly 40 mins to an hour away from the airport and the cost should be no more that 160 rmb. On arrival check in was fine. Nice hotel, i found the corriders sickening hot, no air conditioning until you go to your room.The room was nice and clean, but my bathroom i did not consider to be 5 star rating, as there was some weird stains in the bath, to my dislike.The view was spectacular and the bed was comfortable. I did ask for wake up call for 5am, and did not get this, luckly i was awake......I ate at the japenese resturant and really liked the food.The next day they tried to charge me extra for breakfast, which i had already paid for online so they took the charge off their bill, and i did not even have time for breakfast anyway as i was leaving at 5.45am.Also the taxi to the airport tried to charge me over 360 rmb, so he fiddled with the meter but i gave him 200rmb, ashe made out he didnt understand, but they do.So be careful, always make sure you ask the price beforehand, otherwise they will try and swindle you for every penny, or the best way is to have the exact money and only give them that and say you nt have any more otherwise all taxi drivers will not give you change and make out they have none.Shangai is a great place and the location was more than ideal for shopping and doing tourist things.	
Jul 22 2008 	Business room in August 2005	I stayed at Savo hotel in August 2005 when it was quite new. We had a business room for two persons. The hotel was nice and clean, and so was the room. One thing which was quite disappointing was that there were no non-smoking rooms or at least that we were told after we asked to be moved to a non-smoking room. Otherwise the room was nice and spacious, although the walls weren`t very soundproof.We used the hotel restaurant once, and the service was really good. Overall the staff was very eager to help. When we visited the bar, and asked for cigarettes, the bartender went to buy it for us from downstairs. Many of the staffmembers didn`t speak very good english, but everything went ok eventually. There were also some people that spoke very good english.It was very hot in August so the location could have a been a bit closer to Nanjing road because walking wasn`t really a pleasure. But it don`t mean it was far away, but if I go to Shanghai again, I will take a hotel closer to main streets. Although the taxis were ridiculous cheap, so we used taxi A LOT. The hotel surroundings weren`t very luxurious, but there were many constructions so I suppose the area could look totally different nowadays.Overall the hotel was very nice place to go back to relax after being harassed all day by all the street sellers and beggers. It was the only place where people didn`t stare and tug from arm. Especially my blue-eyed and blond husband seemed to a sight to many people in Shanghai, which was quite surprising :D	
May 29 2008 	Great!	Stayed in Salvo Hotel (Zhongfu Shifuhui) for 3 nights in May in a Superior Deluxe Room on 12th floorRoom is excellent with a nice view. A living room (with a tv with tons of channels), Bedroom (with a tv with tons of channels) and a bathroom with a huge bathtub and top range shower facilities.Location is pretty good, only a couple of blocks away from Nanjing RoadStaff are friendly and speak understandable english.	
Jan 7 2008 	Central Location - godd but not great	We stayed at Salvo Hotel for two weeks. The hotel is five star and has western restaurant, local restaurant and japanese rest. The local restaurant i fair priced and has excellent food. We had a baby with us and the staff did not know what to do. Had to ask for babybed and babychair many times. The hotel is centrally located with only a few minutes to the bund, Nanjing road, the old town and subway. Would recommend this hotel if you get a good deal.	
Oct 24 2007 	Love the Hotel Hate the food	We stayed at Salvo Hotel in the executive deluxe rooms for 4 days 3 nights from 19 October to 22 October 2007. Overall the standard of the rooms is above average. However, the hotel staff are not friendly. We noted that the hotel staff do not greet the hotel guests upon arrival at the main door or anywhere in the hotel. Free breakfast is provided at the 31st floor restaurant. However we noted that the service at the 31st floor restaurant is below average for a 5-star hotel. The waitress who collected the breakfast coupons from us each morning was also not friendly. The staff talked quite loudly among themselves. There is no variety in the type of food available. We had the same kind of food for all three mornings. The waiter and waitresses were not attentive. Most of the time we had to raise our hands to request for refills of coffee and tea. The tea that was served came with residue in the teacups !The hotel is conveniently located. Next to the hotel is an Italian restaurant which serves really cheap and tasty Italian food.It closes at 5 am. Check it out !	
Sep 30 2007	A real deal! by shadylaw	This is my 4th stay at Salvo Hotel and so far every visit has been pleasant. The staff can speak good english. It is 4 blocks away from the nanjing pedestrian walk. By taxi, you can get around town within minutes. The price is very reasonable compared to hotels in the Nanjing Pedestrian area (too over rated plus too touristy for me).	
Jul 20 2007 	Good tourist hotel but how can the restaurant not serve xiao lung bao?	My family and I stayed at the Salvo Hotel for 3 nights near the end of June 2007. We booked out three rooms as part of a package tour of China.The Salvo Hotel is a very nice tourist hotel that is located near Nanjing Road East (a pedestrian mall shopping district that is lit up like Vegas at night) and the Bund. In regards to other tourist sites in Shanghai, I cannot speak to the distance from the hotel, as we were picked up/dropped off by the tour bus and I did not really pay attention to the time or distance between sites. However, Nanjing Road East and the Bund are definitely within a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel (or shorter, depending on the speed of your stroll). Also depending on the facing of your room, you can get a great view of the Bund and/or the Pu Dong district (where the distinctive looking Oriental Pearl TV Tower is located).Some specific notes about the Salvo:1.) As mentioned above, we booked out 3 rooms (1 queen-bed room and 2 double-bed rooms). All rooms were 2-room suites with one room being an office/sitting area (with a desk and chair, couch, and tv) and the other being the actual bedroom. However, the queen-bed room also came equipped with a computer that was hooked up to the Internet. The double-bed rooms did not. There was no charge for us to access the Internet via the computer in our queen-bed room. (As a result, we switched one of our double-bed rooms to a queen-bed room so that we can have twice the Internet access!)2.) Unlike other hotels that we stayed at in China, the beds at the Salvo were not the &quot;typical&quot; rock-hard, super firm mattresses. Instead, the bed mattresses felt more like bed mattresses you'd find in U.S. hotels.3.) As some other reviewers have mentioned, the bathtub/shower setup is a little odd (not bad, just odd). The easiest way to explain it is to picture a large shower stall with a triangle-shaped bathtub that is in the far corner of the stall and takes up 2/3rds of the stall space. Then, closest to the shower doors, is a multi-headed shower structure with jets coming from the top and the middle. I've attached a picture of this in my review. Overall, the shower works just fine and none of us had any problems with temperature, water pressure, or anything else. None of us tried the tub, so I can't speak to how they are.4.) The breakfast area can get VERY crowded during peak hours (seemingly around 8am). The area is set up with only a handful of small 2- and 4-person tables and a large number of 10+ person round tables and seating is first-come first-serve. As a result, when it's crowded, be prepared to share tables. Also, if you are a mid- to large-sized group, you may find it a little difficult to all sit together. We were a 6-person group and one morning it took us about 10 minutes of hovering before we could claim 6 open seats at the same table.5.) The breakfast buffet was average in comparison with other hotel breakfast buffets that we have had in China. While it had about a 50/50 mix of Chinese and Western food items (including an omelet bar), there wasn't too much overall variety in food. The food itself was fine, and we had nothing to complain about.6.) The hotel restaurant does NOT serve xiao lung bao (the steamed pork and/or pork/crabmeat buns that Shanghai is so famous for). For me, this is an absolute egregious offense... especially at 11pm at night and you want to order them for room service.	
Jun 23 2007 	Passable experience	I stayed at the Salvo for 5 nights this month. The room was comfortable and served our needs sufficiently. I appreciated the provision of unlimited amounts of bottled water as the tap water in Shanghai tastes really bad. However, there was no tea provided, well, other than Chinese tea, so bring your own if you need regular tea. The hotel is located about a 10-minute walk to the Nanjing Rd East subway station which is convenient enough if you don't mind walking. I travelled with my mother and so this really wasn't the best of hotels if you wanted to take the subway. A slightly more expensive option is to take a taxi (11 RMB vs 3 RMB), which is what we ended up doing most of the time. I found that this was the best way to travel most of the time as many of the places of interest for us, namely Yu Gardens, Lujiabang Fabric Market, were not within walking distance. The staff of Salvo were sufficiently polite but not friendly. The concierge could advise on the best options for day-tours to Suzhou and that saved us some of the costs if we went on a packaged tour. The hiccups were that there were no English cable channels on TV and so we really had nothing to do in the night other than be subjected to the miserable screenings of the only English channel on CCTV. I also found the room to have a slightly musty smell of stale smoke , but my mother didn't find that to be a problem at all, so it may just have been my sensitive nose.All in all, a satisfactory stay though I wouldn't choose to stay there again unless I intend to spend a lot of time near Nanjing Lu. My advice would be to stay near a subway station as it is easy to use and the self-service machines provide English instructions for buying tickets.	
Jun 22 2007	Choose Somewhere Else To Stay	I stayed at the Salvo Hotel in Shanghai, China from June 9, 2007 - June 15, 2007. I want to preface my review by letting you know that I had just stayed at the Ritz-Carlton in Beijing which influenced my views on the Salvo Hotel.The Positives:The Salvo Hotel is a few blocks away from the River (which has upscale restaurants and stores) as well as a nice shopping district that does not allow automobiles (I don't remember the name of the district, but go straight out the front door until you hit the shopping). The Salvo Hotel is in a great location. The lounge on the 31st floor has great views of the River and has a good selection of drinks. My group found it to be a good place to hang out in the evening when we did not feel like going out. The rooms were quite spacious, although the two beds in my room were twin sized. There is free internet if you hook up on a hard wire with your laptop from your room. Some rooms (single rooms) have a computer provided. We could not find any networks to hook up to.I liked the sushi place on the first floor, but I am not a sushi connoisseur, so I don't want to give the impression that it was great sushi. Some of my group members that I traveled with did say it was good. It is fairly cheap. If you are into Chinese food, there are a lot of restaurants around the hotel (in walking distance). The shopping district also has McDonalds, KFC &amp; Pizza Hut for the Western inclined food. We saw by the River a lot of non Chinese upscale restaurants (which were expensive). Literally across the street is a small shop that sells drinks for very cheap prices.The Negatives:The breakfast selection was not very good in the &quot;Nice Western Restaurant’s&quot; (actual name) and I ended up eating a &quot;dinner&quot; (veal, rice, bread, watermelon) for breakfast because the choices were not that appetizing. I tried the cereal and had to throw it out because it tasted disgusting. Also, the cook for the eggs liked to add extra ingredients from his body into it, so I stayed away from it. You need to open up every top to the buffet line because the translations are not correct and what you might think a dish is actually something else. There is free Chinese bottled water, and I suggest you take some with you for the day.Although the rooms were fairly big, the bedroom was actually small (there is a sitting room with a desk, couch and TV). The bathroom had a huge bath tub, but the shower, which was not in the bath tub, but right outside of it (using the same &quot;shower door) was extremely small and did not have great water pressure. There is only one sink and only one person can be in it at a time because of how small it is. Outside of the bathroom, there was a wet spot that looked like it had mold on it. As other reviewers have commented on, the rooms and hallways were very dark because of the decor and dark wood.If you do not speak any Chinese, I would suggest you not stay at this hotel. The staff barely speaks English at all and the people who do; do not speak it very well. Another issue I had with the hotel is that they charged me to exchange money where the Ritz did not.While I stayed at the hotel, they took away the English speaking channels (1-6, CNN, ESPN, HBO, STAR, and National Geographic) with no explanation and not ETA on when it would be corrected.Conclusions:They say that this hotel is a 4-5 star hotel and I disagree with it. I think, at best, it is a 2.5 star hotel. In my opinion, the location is about all it has going for it. If you have the money, I would suggest staying at a Western hotel. I don't think by staying at a Western Hotel, you would lose out on any experience of being in China.	
Nov 27 2006	Service and price good accomodations left a little to be desired	I stayed at the Salvo for three days on a recemt business trip to Shanghai and had a relatively mixed experience. The rooms were quite large and very nicely decorated. The service was very good and there was a computer in the room. The location was excellent, very close to Old Shanhai and other attractions. Negatives about the place were as follows:- rooms were a bit dark and in part due to the sheer size of the large wooden furniture felt a bit cramped.- there was a very strong musty wood smell in my room and the smell was worse in a colleague's room. Not sure what it was, but it kind of smelled like musty oil stain or something.- the internet connection (which you had to pay for) was very very slow, whether you used the in room computer or hooked up a laptop to the ethernet cable.All in all, it was a good experience, but if I had to choose, there are probably better alternatives for the price.	
Oct 21 2006 	suiterooms with your own PC	This was the greatest room of our journey.First we had a wonderful view of Shanghai at the riverside with the pearltower in front. We slept with open curtains because of the romantic view. We had a suiteroom( Luxe-executive room)withe two TVs and PC with internetconnection, so never a dull moment when we 're returning from strolling around at the nearby Nanjing road and the BundGreat brakfast too, althought the breakfastroom was a little overcrowded when you arrive at normal breakfast time at 8.amOnly complaint is the noisy airco, but overall wonderful stay nearby the main important area.	
Jul 25 2006	Don't go for "business twin" rooms	I saw the three positive reviews on tripadvisor, and asked a couple of Chinese people who live in England about the hotel who told me that this must be a very new hotel (allegedly it was built in 2004) I decided to go for Salvo. I booked it through ineedhotel website, a Chinese agent in Beijing that facilitates booking of Chinese hotels for English-speaking customers. The travel agent was very helpful and I had a good feeling about it. I booked a &quot;business twin&quot; room which was the cheapest in the list. But given that it claimed itself to be a five-star hotel, I thought it cannot be bad. I have stayed in three-, four- and five-star hotels in Shanghai in the past, and even three-star hotels were not that bad so I was in for a nice room.When I got to the hotel, the room we were shown to was facing some kind of office that had its door wide open, and two ladies very shabbily dressed were chatting very loudly, and some not-too-appealing music was played very loudly, too. Whenever we went back to the room we had to see those ladies staring at us and hear the loud music. The room was very stuffy, smelled musty. My sister had an allergic reaction to the air, although I was okay. The bathroom smelled like it was not cleaned properly, and the smell reminded us of those public bathrooms in China. And there was no bathtub, only a shower stall. I thought that a five-star hotel (or semi-five-star, as some reviews state) cannot have a room without a bathtub given that normally hotels are ranked according to the kinds of amenities they have. The cheaper room we stayed in at Salvo, allegedly a &quot;five-star&quot; hotel, was shabbier than the three-star hotels (and even newer two-star hotels in Beijing) I have stayed in in China, particularly regarding the smell in the bathroom and the lack of bathtub.I do realize that even five-star hotels in China has some weak plumbing around the bathroom. But the smell and the dinginess of the bathroom was quite unconscionable I went downstairs to ask the receptionist to change the room.But the receptionist who were very friendly when she checked us in suddenly became unable to understand English. I spoke in Chinese, which didn't really help. She basically said you get what you pay for, and she cannot move us to another room unless we add 322RMB to the rate we were paying. I told her that would get me a genuine five-star hotel so I was going to change the hotel. I had booked for six nights so I was hoping she'd agree to change us to a different room. But since she refused, I turned to Expeida.com and booked Jinjiang Hotel, a real five-star (maybe 4.5 to some people). I am glad I did not pay for the whole six nights there, I could leave this hotel after enduring it for one night.The only upside about this hotel is that the porters absolutely refused to take the tip, which used to be the case in all hotels in China ten years ago. But I don't mind tipping the porters when they do carry my bag.The breakfast was mediocre but decent. I saw a head waitress behind the counter spitting into the sink, and she did not seem to realize that it was sort of not nice thing to do in front of people who are eating food. Overall, this hotel is &quot;too Chinese&quot;--good old socialist feel where no one had any concept of service. It's okay if it is dirt-cheap hotel. I'd find even spitting and throwing room keys at the customers somewhat cute. But given that I paid pretty dencent amount of money, I didn't appreciate the sound of spitting in a restaurant and the rough manners of the receptionist(s). It is indeed pretty close to Nanjing Road, but it is not as close as the other reviews claim to be. Having stayed at Peace Hotel, and given that Expedia has an incredible deal on Peace Hotel at least this summer (some rooms much cheaper than Salvo), I'd go for the Peace Hotel if I want a classic Shanghainese feel AND the proximity to Nanjing Road (Peace Hotel is on Nanjing Road).	
Jun 8 2006 	Perfect for litlle price	Worldwide experienced traveler , giving full compliments to this hotel in particular .Upright politenes , clean rooms , wide range of arrangements and facilities .Friendly , english speaking staff , In midlle of town center , reachable by foot ..If i come again , it shurely will be may choice again !!!	
Jan 7 2006	Hotel Salvo - I would stay there again	I am very glad I picked Hotel Salvo. It was very well located, the rooms were very clean and not too small. I only had two little complaints - first, there was a lack of water pressure on the 14th floor, so the shower was more like a trickle. And for some reason, there were no clocks in the room. Two nice televisions, but no clocks. I asked the front desk if we could have one, and they said &quot;the rooms are not equipped for clocks.&quot; Odd.But I would stay there again. The bathroom was nice, the lobby and staff were fine. The hotel breakfast was not that good, but it got us out the door. So I give it a thumbs up.	
May 29 2005	central salvo	the 5* salvo hotel was a bargain at us 83 dollars per room per night. the rooms were spotless and had tea and coffee making machines. (take your own tea and coffee - the local stuff is an acquired taste.) there were 2 beds - large single size and a sofa and armchairs.there were several offices on our floor - apparantly it's quite common in china for the hotels to rent out rooms to companies for this purpose. we were in no way disturbed by this. one of our sons lives in shanghai and went to check out several hotels prior to our arrival. this was the only one where the staff were friendly and spoke english and also showed him a room. the bund and nanjing road were within 3/4 blocks.go for a drink in cloud 9 in jiamao tower(pudong)for the view.the business restaurant in the hotel was good value for money although nothing memorable. the beer is much cheaper here thasn in the groundfloor bar. if you cross the street from the hotel there is an abundance of tiny cafes and shops. taxis are very cheap but drivers don't usually speak any english and are reluctant to pick you up. the hotel tells the driver your destination. don't expect to find ant tourist information places; they either move or have been demolished!the street signs are in chinese and english so it makes it easy to navigate.	
Oct 17 2009 	?????????????		
Oct 11 2009 	zentrale Lage - sauber - freundliches Personal		
Aug 29 2009 	?????????????????		
Jul 21 2009 	??????????????????		
Mar 29 2009	??????????		
Nov 16 2008 	hôtel de catégorie internationale		
Sep 25 2008 	??????????		
Jun 25 2008 	Non si puo dire che sia un 5 stelle!!!		
Nov 15 2007	Cuidado que te hacen pagar dos veces la lavanderia		
Mar 30 2007 	buena eleccion		
