	Japan-China youth friendship tour!	i went to Shanghai and stayed at this rainbow hotel, and i think it was pretty good, compared to the other hotels in China. This hotel provides English staffs(some even speak Japanese) so we had no problem staying here. Theres also a Japanese supermarket nearby.	
Jun 4 2009 	Basics Hotel	I was visiting Shanghai to take part in the exhibition and chose this Hotel as it was close to the exhibition venue. Its an economical hotel fairly popular with business travellers. Don't expect too much luxury but you'd get the basics at an economical rate. Sad part is Internet not being free which is a must for a business traveller. Though you can use the business centre services for free. A big plus point is a commercial gym and swimming pool which you can use for free.	
Jan 16 2009 	My Shanghai Home	I have stayed at the Rainbow 6 or 7 times now, and I keep coming back, so they must be doing something right.Rooms are always nice and big, very clean with everything you need. Only annoying thing (but I think this is in Chinese hotels generally), never have an iron in the room, but to be fair always bring one quickly.For a Shanghai hotel of this class not too expensive, I pay around RMB 575 for a deluxe double. However, that's where the value stops. Food, and particularly drink, is very expensive. I had a 1 litre bottle of water and got stung for GBP 7.00. A small glass of red was the same. Bar menu is pretty bland, which I find amazing in a country with the cuisine of China. Although there is a dumpy little restaurant opposite where the taxis park, and the food here is superb, and dirt cheap. Most staff are pretty helpful, but generally never smile, so that does put a bit of a downer on things.Having said all of this, for me it is my Shanghai home. It is convenient, clean, good facilities and does not break the bank, unless you spend all your time in the bar. I have never had any real problems here, and you only need to ask for anything and it is sorted.Would certainly recommend it, and I will continue to use it as I have done on my last few trips.	
Jun 10 2007 	Rainbow was just ok...	After travelling first to Beijing and having a terrific experience, I had high expectations for the Rainbow in Shanghai. Apparently this was at one time one of the finer hotels in the Honqiao area. I must say I was a little disappointed. Here is a list of the good and bad of our 5 night stay:The Good:-Rooms were clean-Washrooms were clean and well kept-Walking distance to INTEX (Exhibition Centre)-Beautiful lobby with a great Tailor shop (Mr. Tong)The Bad:-Poor room service (bad menu and the supposed hot food was cold)-Exterior is poorly maintained including the fountain-A MOUSE ran through the Lotus Pavilion Restaurant while we were eating dinner-VERY BAD and expensive in-room internet connection (UP to 90 RMB/day)-Unfriendly staff and not very helpful-Shower ran out of hot water several times-AC BARELY worked. We cooled down in the lobby before going to our roomIn all I guess this hotel is not really geared toward westerners. I have stayed in worse places but I would not stay here again. The Galaxy next door or the Mayfield are better options in this area. Or spend the extra dollars and stay at the Hilton or Sheraton.	
Jul 21 2006	Good hotel at a great price	Stayed at the Rainbow Hotel for 1 night. Good size rooms and good service. Excellent value for money as I got deluxe room for CNY750. Only drawback is a bit far from Bund but taxis are very very cheap so you are never more than 15 minutes away from anywhere.	
Nov 16 2009 	???????????		
Nov 7 2009 	?????????????????????		
Aug 26 2009 	?????????????		
Mar 24 2009 	???????		
Mar 11 2009 	?????		
Mar 4 2009 	??????		
Oct 25 2008	????????		
Oct 14 2008 	????		
May 1 2008 	Schlechteste Hotel in 5 Jahren		
