Nov 25 2009 	Value for money	At only 468 RMB this is a super hotel with big, clean rooms and great service.The breakfast and dinner choice is huge and quality can't be better.A metro station close by makes up for the somewhat out of centre position.	
Nov 14 2009 	Awesome hotel!	Two nights here at the end of a marathon business trip to Hong Kong and China. First timer to Shanghai as well. This hotel is about one year old, and owned by the Want Want snack company- their logo of a funny looking kid is all over everything. All of the drinks and snacks in the room are their product and therefore free. Room was huge- American King bed, desk and chair, sofa and coffeetable, large wardrobe, bath slippers and robes, sunken garden tub, fridge, free broadband (wired). Had room service one night, cheap and quick! Desk staff were excellent and I was overall very, very impressed by the hotel. Note that it it primarily used by business travellers and it is an inexpensive, but lengthy, taxi ride into the proper city centre. Public transport links I understand are excellent but I did not get a chance to use them. There is a 24 hour tiny grocer, alldays, just around the corner, but did not seem to be too much else as far as dining and shopping nearby. But again dining in the hotel was cheap and delicious. Breakfast buffet was very large and international, and included in the room rate. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Mar 13 2009 	Elegant with a twist...	This is an absolutely first-rate hotel is every respect. The staff was everywhere, offering to be helpful. I had a problem with the Internet access in my room, and someone appeared with a new cable within seconds after I hung up the phone to report it. The room was impeccably clean. The only weird touch: it's apparently owned by a snack-food company, whose mascot adorns everything... a little like a Disney character, but not quite as cute. I can't speak to the location (it was convenient to the Expo center, which is what I was interested in) but it is next to a metro station, and the Shanghai metro is as nice a system as I've seen. The restaurant was quite good.	
Nov 24 2008 	Best for Mandarin speakers	This hotel is clean and spacious, the staff are friendly and helpful and they do a good buffet in the evenings for 120 renminbi. That's the good news. The hotel caters chiefly for chinese tourists and business people, it's located well out of the city centre with no metro link so it's a taxi or a couple of bus rides into town. The staff are helpful but have very limited english so communication was an issue. If you're new to China , like me, you migt be better spending a little more and staying more centrally.	
Aug 6 2006 	What a rat hole	I totally agree with the last review. All I can say is if you decide to go to China, do not stay in anything less than a 5 star. I thought a three star would be our equivalent to a Motel 6 - no way. The A/C did not work well, bathrooms always had mildew and the carpets in the dining area were so dirty, I could only imagine what the cooking area looked like. This hotel needs a major overall. The bedding was clean and they always try to make you happy but I have a problem with dirty walls, carpets and chairs. Shanghai is a great metro place and we were in a hotel at the end of the city where there was very little to walk to. Try to get something close to the Bund.	
Jul 26 2006	Not a 3 star hotel	Just returned from a tour of China and ended our tour staying at the Qianhe Hotel. Not a good experience! Carpet was so dirty and stained both in the rooms and in the halls that we were almsot afraid to walk on it. Rooms were woren and furniture frayed. Advertised bar was a counter in the coffee shop. Only one of the two advertised resteraunts existed and the advertised shops were a shelf in the computer room! We ate breakfast in a dirty old banquet room and when I asked that the empty coffee carafe be refilled I was told &quot;No&quot;. The breakfasts were the worst of our tour. We were told we could cash travellers checks which they would not do until our tour guide intervened. Do not stay at this hotel unless you are really looking for cheap. It is inexpensive but I would advise spending a few more dollars and staying at a hotel where you don't have to be concerned about what might be in the carpet!	
