Nov 17 2009 	Very good if you don't mind being out of downtown	Stayed in the hotel for a couple of nights. It was a very good and clean four points. The location is out of the center which means you cannot just walk to reach the bussling areas like the bond and nanji st. You can take the metro though (about 2 mns walk) which is very handy and only 3 stops away of the downtown. However the positive thing is that the hotel is located in a sort of a pedestrian area gathering lot of restaurants and shops; quite entertaining and accomodating. Highly recommended if you don't mind taking public transport to downtown	
Nov 16 2009 	Not much for the price	Hotel is average, rooms are normal hotel fair, breakfast is normal western unless you want eggs then its beyond their ability to coordinate more than one order at a time, which means long waits. Hotel staff is friendly and the lounge staff is very personnal until the band starts at 8 PM drowning out any attempts at conversation with colleagues or anyone else for that matter. Location is good for transportation ,but the surrounding area isolates you from Shanghai, you would not not you were in China for the Pizza hut, Papa Johns, Burger King, etc all around the property. Overall a dressed up 3 star that is capable of a good one night stay. For longer stays much better hotels closer to Peoples park and the real Shanghai for the same price.	
Oct 31 2009 	Close to the subway but not to downtown..	At the end of my stay, I had enjoyed the hotel but I was hesitant at the beginning.Starwood advertising this hotel being 1.6km's away from the centre of Shanghai is a bit misleading. I expected that meant I could walk to The Bund in 20 minutes - I could not. This hotel was, however, incredibly convinient to the subway (1 minute away) which would whisk you into downtown Shanghai quickly.The hotel itself is situated in an interesting area. It is part of an obviously new complex that houses clothing stores and restaurants, which is great to have nearby. We ate somewhere in the complex almost every day, and even attended the nearby Circus World performance.The property is very new and therefore very nice. The rooms were very large and comfortable, and even had a *true* Sheraton quality bed that we are used to in North America. Bathrooms were large and well equipped, and some rooms even had nice views of Shanghai's skyline in the distance.I'm not sure if internet was available in the rooms, but there was a business centre where you could pay to use the computer - it was a bit on the expensive side. On that same floor, and in the lobby, there was free wireless.Lobby area was very elegant and nicely dressed up with lots of places to sit if you wanted to use your computer. We never tried the restaurants in the hotel because of what was outside at our fingertips.Overall - a nice, new, modern property. If you don't mind taking the subway a couple of stops to downtown then you can't get a better place with as many options for food. Just don't expect to be close to downtown Shanghai - you will have to plan to take public transit.Also - this hotel is not really that close to the Maglev or Pudong airport. Maglev was about a $10US cab ride away, and took forever in traffic both ways.	
Oct 30 2009 	ordinary	This hotel is squeaky clean, modern and businesslike . Check in was quick and impersonal with no warm personal welcome and pretty much hassle free. On the other hand, concierge was very helpful and so were the friendly bellboys. It was jus an ordinary stay with no major issues except that on checking out, there were some billing errors.The location is not suitable for tourist who wants to shop in Nanjing Lu. They would be better off staying in downtown area .However it is near the railway station which is great if one plan to use the super efficient train for getting around to nearby cities .	
Oct 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in October, 2009. I choose this hotel because I needed to be in the area. Although the hotel is located away from the city centre, it is however very easy to get to all area by taxi or subway. The hotel is located at the back of a shopping/eatery complex with all the food outlets an average visitor would need. The hotel room is average size, but clean and modern, with overuse of brown tones. The breakfast was included in our rate and was again, average. Overall we were happy with the convenience of the hotel. We recommend it.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great hotel - we recommend	We chose the Four Points at Daning because we could get a great deal using SPG points for 2 rooms.The hotel is located close to one of Shanghai's many expressways, so it was easy to reach from the airport. We discovered the #1 subway line is a block up the street at Shanghai Circus World and that's a convenient way to get around the city. The hotel is surrounded by 'Daning Life Hub'. I don't know if the hotel owns this property but it is a small village of shops and restaurants that cater to travellers. We also found a handy food court on the 5th floor with many Chinese regional venues as well as Korean and Japanese, so finding food was not a problem.Except for one restaurant in the hotel itself (Tias Kitchen) we got very good service throughout the hotel. What I noticed was that the staff seemed to be trained to make us feel welcome. Even the maid would greet us with a smile every morning, and she spoke fairly good English too. The complementary breakfast provided by the hotel featured American, European and Chinese style food of a very good quality.We reported a problem with the kettle in our room. When we returned it had been replaced and a complementary fruit basked was with it. They were also in the process of steam cleaning all the carpets in the hotel (we got a letter to that effect) so we know that continuous maintenance is in the works.The day before we left I asked for an extended checkout on both our rooms. Absolutely no hastle. It was simply 'Certainly, what's the room number?', a few key strokes on the computer, a smile, and it was all done. On checkout they had me review the bill for our daughter's room, then transferred the balance to our room so that we had a single charge to the VISA account. We only had to pay for restaurants, long distance and internet (which was a bit pricey but ok).	
May 30 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I stayed at the Four Points Daning for 5 nights using SPG cash and points. The hotel is still very new. The service is excellent. Checking in was very efficient. The rooms are spacious with two double beds. This is the main reason I booked this hotel for my family of 4. It is a bit crowded for 4 but still OK and we we saved a lot of $ this way (at 1600 pts and $30/night). If you want a room for 4, this is a good hotel option. The furniture is simple Ikea style but pleasant enough.The location is not at the main touristy area but is very convenient. The nearest subway is Yanchang (not Circus World) is only 5 minute walk. This is two stops from the Shanghai Railway station where we took the D train for day trips to Suzhou and Tongli. The main People's Square stop is only 5 stops away. Taking the subway in Shanghai is very easy but transferring from Line 1 to Line 2 takes a lot of walking.From the Pudong Airport we took the Maglev for the experience and took a taxi from the end of the Maglev line for Y160 to the hotel. Going back to Pudong airport by taxi cost Y200 and over an hour.The hotel is located in the middle of a modern shopping complex with lots of restaurants and food choices. We loved the pastries at Bread Talk and Paris Baguette, yummy. Cheap alternative to the buffet breakfast at the hotel which is expensive for China's standard at Y120. The chain restaurant Ajisen ramen noodle has delicious noodles. I miss this already. Another plus for this hotel, is the Shanghai Circus World is only 5 minute walk away. This is the venue for the Intersection of Time show. The show is an acrobatics show with a contemporary style. The show is very creative but the tricks are not too impressive. Still highly recommended if you are in Shanghai.Overall this is an excellent hotel for the value. The location is also convenient with the easy access to the subway.	
Sep 30 2008	Definitely a hotel worth considering in Shanghai!	My husband has stayed here a few times on business but this was my first visit to this hotel in Shanghai - we stayed six nights. If you are not adamant about being in the heart of the city this is a very good place to stay. The hotel is relatively new, rooms are large, and clean and you get much more value for your money than staying in one of the other good hotels in the centre of town, albeit they are decorated in many shades of drab brown! Breakfasts were good and even better value-for-money if you can get it included in your rate. The concierge here (Victor, I think from memory) was probably the best we have ever experienced anywhere. Extrememly helpful gentleman and nothing was ever too much trouble, follow thru first class. The subway (Yanchang Rd) is only one block (turn right) from the hotel and very easy and most safe to use, and cheap. You are literally 10 minutes from People's Square on the subway. Taxis also are cheap, but sometimes (or, mostly!) the traffic can be horrendous. Things in Shanghai are spread out, too - so what may look close on a map is actually rather far if one intends walking, but walking in Shanghai also is great. The hotel is surrounded by many shops and restaurants. We tried the Blue Frog (already well rated by other reviewers) as well as the 'SouthEast Asia Restaurant' on the 4th floor next door and a Latino restaurant nearby, all good enough. If you want KFC, Pizza Hut or bakeries, among others, they are there too. If you want cheap food and supplies, RT Mart, a huge grocery / dept store next door is great for this, or even just for a look! We would definitely stay here again and didn't encounter any problems except we found the bar rather pricey!	
Sep 25 2008 	Loved the hotel!!	I stayed at Four Points Daning during my business trip in Shanghai in Sept, 2008. The hotel staffs are very nice and polite. They gave us free upgrade with free breakfast and internet. My room is huge! I loved the breakfast!!!! Tons of choices, both Western and Chinese style! And the gym and swimming pool is nice and well equiped. The only thing is that I wish the gym opens 24 hours. Overall great hotel!The big supermarket next door is very convenient, and has everything! You can get water and snacks there for cheap. The location is alright since it is like 5 mins walk to the subway station, and costs CNY30, about 40 mins (because of the traffic) to Huai Hai Road during the rush hours. I would want to stay there again!!	
Sep 18 2008 	Lovely hotel Location a bit out of the way	We stayed here for 3 nights in September 2008. The hotel is lovely - its located in a new shopping area on the outskirts of Shanghai. The Metro station is about a 5 minute walk from the hotel and the centre is really easily accessible. Taxis are cheap but a little scary! No seatbelts most of the time!It really is a business hotel, given its location, and there are probably nice hotels for the same rate in the city centre. However, the hotel is lovely, with big beds and very modern rooms. It also has a lovely gym and pool. There's a supermarket next door with cheap water (its pretty expensive in the hotel). The bar directly opposite the hotel does good food and beers.	
Sep 5 2008 	Four Points Daning - Excellent but out of the way	I stayed in the Four Points by Sheraton at Daning in August 2008 for one week on my second business trip within a few weeks, on a recommendation from a local colleague.And boy am I glad I did stay there! My previous experience of Shanghai was at the Sofitel Hyland (on the Nanjing Road) in June, and to me the Four Points is everything that the Sofitel is not.The Four Points is almost brand new (less than two years old I think), and has every facility that you could require. The gym has modern equipment and the pool area is lovely. The lobby area was bright and clean with very helpful and polite staff, check in at about 1am was done very quickly and efficiently. The rooms were furnished in a tasteful contemporary style, with a large LCD TV. The bathroom (and especially the &quot;rain shower&quot; - what a way to blast yourself awake in the morning!) was excellent, spotlessly clean.The only gripe about the room was that there was a smell of cigarette smoke in there - not strong but as a non-smoker it was noticeable. I guessed that this was going to be a problem at check-in when my request for a non-smoking room was met with polite incomprehension.The breakfast buffet was very good, with a wide range of options, oriental style and western. The restaurant staff were very attentive without being intrusive. We didn't eat in the hotel other than breakfast, there was a particularly good little bar (the Blue Frog) directly opposite that had a very good range of western style options, and there was several dozen other styles of restaurant either wthin the mall that the hotel is attached to or within a hundred or so metres of the hotel entrance.The local area is both a huge plus and a bit of a let down all at the same time. It really is not a touristy area, like the Nanjing Road is, so if there is anything you want to see it will be a short taxi ride away. But because it is not a touristy area, it is extremely quiet and relaxing to walk around - no hawkers or beggars bothering you every few steps. All in all, if it hadn't been for the smoky smell in the room, this would have undoubtably been a 5 blob score!	
Aug 23 2008 	Can't get any more spacious luxurious and pleasant	Flawless. The rooms were incredibly spacious and were in excellent condition: clean, neat and serviced daily and efficiently. The beds were comfortable, as were the sofas; and there was plenty of space for storage. Air conditioning was provided in each room with a vast range of temperatures to ensure optimum satisfication for everybody. The bathroom was modern and well looked after, as well as the necessities being replenished either daily, or when necessarily; hence environmentally friendly and not wasteful. The lobby was well maintained and the bellboys were polite and helpful. The hotel front faces a mall, including a supermarket (RT-Mart) and many fashion shops. Shops and many restaurants can also be accessed from one of the lobby escalators. The rooms were secure and access was limited to those with room keys, and therefore those residing in the hotel.The Health Centre was clean, new and friendly. The service there was excellent, and staff would offer the use of steam rooms and saunas within minutes of entering the changing rooms. Lockers were secure, and though there were no lifeguards, staff would regularly look through the window (backing onto the reception) to ensure that everybody was safe. The pool was well lit, warm and the changing rooms were very new and well equipped for guests. The breakfast supplied by the hotel was very good and there was a variety of choices; from Chinese Dim-Sum to an egg station; each day. There would be people everyday offering tea and coffee, as well as clearing away the dishes efficiently. There were many foods to choose from, and each food was replenished quickly to avoid waiting guests. Definitely worth a Five Star rating and would definitely return again in future.	
Aug 23 2008 	A truly 5* experience	We had two adjoining rooms on the 11th floor &amp; the Shearton Four Points was the best hotel (out of 5) of our entire trip.The pool was nice and clean but not as big as we'd expected. Changing rooms were immaculate and an eagle-eyed attendant asked if we'd like to use the sauna, as soon as we returned from our swim. She even found &amp; returned the hair elastic I left in the bathroom!Buffet breakfast catered to every taste. Eggs, noodles in soup &amp; dumplings cooked to order, steamed 'dim-sum' and other staples, including bacon, sausages, fried rice, wedges, congee etcShops near the hotel include RT Mart (get your supplies from there - DO NOT drink the Evian from the hotel, it will set you back 65 yuan...buy it from RT Mart for only 16 yuan!! You can also buy bread, steamed buns &amp; other ready meals from this supermarket-and-a-half), Toys R Us, Apple, Evans etc. You'll be spolit for choice as far as restaurants are concerned - KFC, Burger King, bakery, Japanese, Cantonese, Spanish, Italian. You name it, they've got it.	
Apr 1 2008	Good Start Bad Ending	We stayed there couple times in March. I was first very impressed with the front desk and delivery of service request on the first visit. On the second visit, the request for an extra towel was never delivered. Then after requesting of check-out at 12pm granted, we went across the street to the supermarket for couple odds-and-ends items at around 10am in the morning, laying out my handbags and everything else around in the room, thinking that they would not come to clean the room until we check out. To our surprise, coming back in 30minutes, the maid had already made up the bed and taken out all the towels. She said she was cleaning the room for us, and she was there to watch our belongs -- she had not even met us, how would she know who stays in the room. Well, I told her we were checking out at noon, (and wouldn't her cleaning effort get wasted to some degree? -- thinking to myself) All zippers to all bags were open. Luckily, I had my wallet with me. I had taken the passport out of the safe and put in the handbag already -- my fault. Nothing was missing, but I felt very uncomfortable. Upon checking-out, I asked front desk if housekeeping knew that we were checking out today, so that they would clean up the room after we leave. Front desk said yes, which was the opposite of what the maid said. I told the front desk that I did not feel comfortable about what happened earlier, but &quot;oh, well, I am sorry&quot;.I may stay there again, but I will be careful of what I leave out in the room to make me feel more comfortable.	
Nov 20 2007 	Super Sheraton	Collected from the airport and taken to the Hotel after a very long journey.Greeted and shown the hotel and then shown my room which was luxuriously appointed and superbly furnished.Check-in was taken care of in the room and was courteous,and relaxed -just the tonic after such a long trip.That was followed by a long soak in the deep bath in a modern,very spacious bathroom.Then a couple of beers in the swish circular bar - only let-down in the few days I was here was barstaff who were not quite up to speed!!Both restaurants and bar were smart and staff throughout the hotel were attentive,pleasant and welcoming and always helpful.Views from my room(20th floor) were brilliant especially at night.The room was a real peaceful retreat and watching a great selection of football on the widescreen was quite chilling.They also had a very well equipped gym and that was a real bonus to find such a good facility within a hotel.Location too was perfect with either a taxi or subway to downtown,and if not then there was a good mix of shops,restaurants &amp; bars right on the doorstep.Thoroughly enjoyable stay and one of the best hotels I have stayed at.Highly recommended.	
Nov 8 2007 	i thought it was great	This was my first visit to Shanghai and I thought this hotel was great.Fav part was the included breakfast. Great selection of Chinese and non-Chinese choices. I was addicted to the dim sum. And the coffee was great too.The decor in and out of the room was very nice. Hotel was very clean. So much so that they called me and asked why I had my do not disturb sign up for 3 days and asked if they could clean my room on the 4th day. :) Apparently they do aromatherapy in the lobby too.Highly recommend	
Nov 4 2007	Very Good	There are two Four Points in Shanghai and I stayed at both. I preferred Daning because of its better location.This is a new building in an outdoor shopping complex that includes all the major Shanghai chain restaurants and stores. It's like a less expensive version of Xintiandi. It's a convenient 5 minute walking distance to the nearest metro station and only takes few minutes to get to People's Square on the metro. a few notes:- Internet is not free like in Pudong, however there is free wireless internet on the first and 7th floors.- There are NO hawkers/beggers in the area because there are security guards everywhere- The korean restaurant nearby has dog meat soup and it tasted like mutton. - blue frog across the street has a soup\burger\drink lunch special for RMB65 and the burger was very juicy- room service was cheaper than the Pudong location and tasted great- breakfast buffet doesn't have as much selection as other 5-star hotels- bellboys ignore you if you are Chinese, however this is how it is in most Shanghai hotels because their main customers are white businessmen.	
Sep 18 2007 	Sheraton Daning not very good	We booked this hotel through the starwood website since we are starwood members. We thought that since it is a fairly new hotel it would be really nice and also the introductory rate of 688 yuan was very good. Although some things were nice, we were overall very disapointed. I'll break this up into the good and the bad:Good:The rooms were nice and clean (since it was a new hotel). The location is decent in that there are a lot of western (mostly American), and Chinese and Japanese restaurants within the same complex (across the street). However, to get to the main tourist sites (the Bund, Oriental Pearl, etc...) you will need to take a taxi. That can take a while if it is during rush hour and cost around 30-35 yuan.Bad:The internet service is intermittent. We tried to connect several times and were not able to. When it was late at night there was nothing they could do. If it was during the day they would call the IT department, and miracle of all miracles, as soon as the IT department was contacted our internet service would start working. My guess is that they do not have enough bandwidth on their router to manage all of the guests who try to use it at the same time and when we contacted them they kicked someone else off. At one point we had paid for the entire day and were only able to use it for 30 minutes. They didn't charge us for that after we asked them to take it off. BTW, the charge for internet use is 120 yuan for 24 hours.Also, the front desk and the processes need work. We had to ask them to give us 2 keys. Also, even though we booked a king room several months in advance, they did not have that type of room available when we checked in and we had to sleep in a smaller bed. When we arrived there was no English room service menu in the room. I had to go downstairs and ask the front desk who knew nothing about it, then the restaurant who also knew nothing about it and finally ended up giving me a regular menu from the restaurant.Bottom line is that if you want a clean stay for a decent price, don't mind poor service and operations, and don't plan to use the internet then stay here. Otherwise you'd better go somewhere else.	
Jul 16 2007 	Highly recommend	I've been to Shanghai several times and was pleasantly surprised to stay in this hotel. It was opened in March 2007 and still has the new look about it and a few very minor faults (no full length mirror in the bedroom). I would strongly recommend this hotel if you are going to Shanghai. The rate was favourable (less than 700 rmb for a king size bedroom) and it is right next to the metro line that will bring you into central Shanghai. It is also right beside the Shanghai circus. Though the area itself isn't very chinese as such, it is a good introduction for westerners - plenty of restaurants and a few bars. Also shops abound but most are western companies, so not so interesting for tourists. The hotel has a free pool access and lovely changing facilities, though the women don't get jacuzzi access and I found the pool to be too cold for comfort. The bedroom itself is very comfortable and you can stock up on drinks in the next door supermarket (behind the bike shop with the Nike outlet store advertising) and keep them in the fridge. The bar in the hotel was overpriced for drinks, as was the bar across the road (Blue Frog?? or something like this). Breakfast in the hotel was buffet style and had a very good choice. Probably the best standard of breakfast I've had in any hotel in China.	
Jul 9 2007 	As Good As Last Time	Our second stay in two months (first stay was end May)Asked whether we wanted to become a member of Starwood Preferred Guest upon check in . Told her we have been a member for two years. She then said we could not get points as we booked the room thru travel agnet (also prepaid) which we dont mind. But she would upgrade our room and give us fruit plate (by the way we were asked to donate US$1 to a charity fund at the same time). Fruit delivered 5 minutes after we entered the room.However, dont find the room any different from the one we stayedlast time although we were now on 15th floor instead of 17th floorin May. Room is still fairly new and basically clean and tidy.Free fruits provided each and every day Room keycard did not work for few times. Even the newlyreprogrammed keycard did not work after one time use.Breakfast included in room rate and the food is quite OKA 3PM late check out request was acceptedOverall impression of this hotel is very goodOff topic:Went to Blue Frog Bar/Restaurant just across the street for lunchon the last day. Everything theresis so expensive. Mushroom soup RMB45, Burger/Hotdog in the range of RMB70-80, Coke RMB20. There are many more reasonably priced eateries in the complex so dont worry that you will be stucked	
Jun 22 2007 	Not very delightful	We booked this hotel using the cash and points program inside starwood with $30 cash plus 1600 pts. It was very strange this hotel has no computer system connecting to the starwood group, so that they did not know that we are elite starwood members. they were very stingy in upgrading us to a better room or they are just not nice enough or reluctant to upgrade us. We were put in to a standard room in the first two nights. It is a 28 sq meters room. We we came back from Nanjing to stay another two nights, we asked them to upgrade us, so we were moved to a 32 sq meter delux room. They also tried to charge us $40 instead of $30 in cash. We had to call the starwood corporate office in Asia to straight this out. The front desk people were very mechanical and not professional enough to handle guests' requests. We only received good services from the bell persons. All the bell persons treated us very nicely and were very helpful.This hotel has only one restaurant and a bar, which we never used. The only chinese restaurant opened in the lobby was not affiliated with the hotel. We used their room services a couple times and it was good. just outside of the hotel there is a huge shopping complex with supermarket, bakeries, and restaurants. The pool and exercises room is a big plus for this hotel. the pool water is a bit too cold though.location of this hotel is not very good. There were not many taxi waiting in front of the hotel. Most of the time the bell persons would run out to the outside of the complex to get taxi for the guests. In Shanghai, it could be very difficult to get taxi during peak hours. Although there is a subway station within walking distance, since the station is in the middle of the subway line to connect the northern shanghai people to the center shanghai, the trains most of the time would be full already when running into this station. We tried the subway once at 9:30 am on a Saturday and we were not able to even get on to the train. Therefore I do not think the location of this hotel is good. Rooms are well equipped and beds are comfortable. there was one room our relatives stayed in was very dirty. They changed to another room later. Wifi connection is free in all public area. one time we found a uniform lady, who we do not believe was doing the house keeping, in our room with two unidentified persons chatting with her when we came back to the room. They came out when we questioned why so many people were in our room why they were doing any cleaning. They said nothing happened and then they moved on to knock on an empty room yelling &quot;house keeping&quot;. We all think that this was very strange and although we had not lost anything, it was highly unprofessional for the hotel employee(s) to do that to the guests occupied room. It seems they do not respect guests' privacy at all. Next time, I will choose the Le Meridien, which is right on Nanjing Road.	
Jun 18 2007 	Technology Not Suitable for Business Traveler	Hotel located in convenient, new area of Shanghai with good restaurants and other amenities around. Access to subway also good.Business travelers should think twice about this hotel, especially those who need access to good communication and internet services.• Internet service is basically unusable. In addition to extremely low speeds, hotel has put &quot;blocks&quot; on normal internet services such as VOIP and Virtual Private Networks (VPN). Most business travelers need access to these services and hotel is being shortsighted in blocking them.• Telephone service seems to have some issues as well, and blocks on &quot;Dial USA&quot; services also seem to be in place.• Several dozen TV channels do NOT include either CNBC or Bloomberg - I find this essential when traveling on business and their absence is inexcusable.Management at this hotel refused to respond to these issues while I was staying there.While a good value for a nice hotel, these communication problems make business use problematic.	
May 28 2007	Bad Experience	Stayed there a total of 5 nights (2 different stays) over a period of 2 weeks.The hotel is fairly new - 6 weeks I was told by the front desk.* Public Areas: New and nice. Adequate of a 4 points hotel.* Room: Rooms are nice although i dont understand why the bathroom seems to be moldy despite it being a new hotel. I also dont understand why the nonsmoking rooms have ashtray and matches and smells like a smoking room. The 4 points in Pudong has nicer rooms.* Internet: Does not work for people running Windows Vista. The staff worked hard to get it fixed but no luck, even when I returned on my 2nd stay. For a 2 night stay, they charged me 4 nights of Internet access even though it did not work. When I asked to remove this, there was an obvious attitude of distrust. The ensuing paperwork was long. The Manager AND the IT engineer had to be summoned. All for about $30 in charges. 1st time I've seen this type of distrust and inefficiency.* Service: Service attitude in China just isnt up to par to places like Tokyo, Seoul, Taipei, and HK. Staff isnt attentive. Staff does not greet guests in public areas.* Rate: They had an intro rate of 660 RMB. Hard to beat.I will not return to the 4 points in Daning. I will stay at the sister property in Pudong, despite its unattractive location.	
May 17 2007 	Almost 5 star	I was a bit nervous before coming to this hotel, my expectation from a Four Points were not high in anyways and nor was I looking forward to the Daning location but the moment our taxi pulled in front of the hotel things begun to look brighter…..Location: Loved it! Not downtown but well located in a lovely shopping area called ‘Life Hub at Daning’ lively (but not noisy), bright, colourful, clean, useful (plenty shops and restaurants)Rooms: Clean, big, well equipped with nice touches. Almost 5 starStaff &amp; Service: Better than the other 5star hotels I stayed in during this trip in Beijing and Xi’anFood: Breakfast a bit average not up to the standard of the rest of the hotel. Room service and restaurant we good. Bar was good as well.Concierge: Not the best and most well informedSpa: Wonderful and swimming pool was not too bad either All in all a good hotel and fantastic value for money. It might make you wonder why is it a Four Points and not a 5 star Sheraton business hotel!	
Apr 25 2007 	Delightfully Surprising!	I've never had much luck with Sheraton's Four Points Hotels. But this one in Daning Shanghai (not to be confused with the very sad Four Points in Pudong Shanghai) was terrific! It's located in a newly developed shopping area, and is surrounded by a ton of great restaurants and shops. Half the excitement of staying at the hotel was exploring the neighborhood!The building was beautiful...colorful and simple design. The lobby was spacious and modern, and everyone from the doorman to the girls at the check in counter were as smiley and friendly as could be wanted. It's the room though that really made the experience. They upgraded me to a suite (platinum membership with starwood is the way to go!), and from the moment I stepped in, I knew it was my new favorite Shanghai Hotel (sorry, St. Regis!). The suite's living room was spacious and beautifully decorated. The carpet was new and soft, and the window was huge, overlooking that part of the city. The bedroom part of the suite was drop dead gorgeous. Cabinets, LCD TV, king sized bed, and panoramic window all in the right places. The bathroom was done in black slate and was right at the corner of the building, so from the shower or toilet, one could see the city. I'm not good at describing, but let me just say that I was impressed, and I've seen a lot of nice hotels.Brought movies with me to the hotel, but wasn't able to get the DVD player working. After a call to the help desk, a customer service agent came to the room immediately and solved the problem, in the most cheerful of manners. Swimming pool, locker rooms and jaccuzzis, and gym are all top notch looking. Overall a great, sleek property, priced right! Not exactly downtown, but just 7 metro stations from People's Square, which is the center of Shanghai. Definitely worth the visit.	
Nov 10 2009 	???????????????		
Jul 9 2009	??????????????		
